_	However, he quit the sport altogether in May 1938, he told a friend that since the accident that killed John Thomson he had "seven years of joyless sport".
_	The National Transportation Safety Board published its final report into the accident that killed Connell on January 28, 2010.
_	He is a widower and recovering alcoholic who grieves over the deaths of his wife and daughter, and inadvertently responsible for the accident that killed them because he was driving under the influence of alcohol at the time.
_	Prior to his death, George reveals to Nick that, like him, he had a premonition of the accident that killed his family before it actually happened, therefore explaining why he believes Nick's claims easily based on his own experience.
_	However, the story goes into further depth in the "Family Reunion" trilogy when it is revealed that after Trixie Tredwell Racer, Speed Sr.'s wife and Speed's mother, became corrupted with hatred for her husband blaming him for the accident that killed her father and took over her father's company known as the Committee, Speed Sr. only hid his second son away in an orphanage so that he will be protected from Trixie's warped influence.
_	She also tells Stefan that she caused the accident that killed his mother; it was part of an experiment to create a Spotter.
_	The 307 WRC will be remembered for the accident that befell WRC competitors Markko Märtin and Michael Park on September 18, 2005, which resulted in co-driver Park's death.
_	The Sound Transit audit, which began after a previous supply train accident the previous October, released a report days after the accident that recommended unannounced brake inspections and criticized Obayashi's Beacon Hill managers for not participating in safety meetings and inspections; the report also blamed frequent employee turnover for the lack of safety awareness.
_	It is eventually hinted that she came from Singapore on Earth, and was the daughter of a very wealthy family, as the city's famous Merlion statue features prominently in scenes of her childhood, and that memories and an old video tape from her childhood showed her living in a large mansion and it is implied that the accident that lead to her cryogenic suspension was due to an accident with an orbital gate.
_	Stewart later released a statement "There aren't words to describe the sadness I feel about the accident that took the life of Kevin Ward Jr.
_	This is most keenly reflected in Doom’s continued refusal to accept responsibility for the accident that fully scarred his face, instead preferring to blame Reed Richards for sabotaging his experiment.
_	He talks about how he had been drinking throughout his four years at high school, and talks about the accident that caused him to lose his scholarship.
_	He also built Seth's robotic arm, when his hand was destroyed by Brackus, and the boots for Kara as recompense for not being able to stop the accident that paralyzed her.
_	He rearranges containers of chemicals on shelves and, using the spear as a lightning rod, recreates the accident that gave Barry Allen—also known as The Flash—his powers, then escapes from arriving police officers.
_	Reese was too hurt to see Carly's side, as their fight had led to the accident that nearly killed her, and eventually led to her father's death.
_	Two months later, Laurie, still traumatised from the accident that killed Mal, learns that Jen and Gerry (Bernard Hill) are engaged.
_	After the accident that killed her parents, little Cecilia must go live with her aunts, Evangelina and Natalia, both single and very different.
_	During the final race of the season, the 2013 Guia Race of Macau, Chilton dropped out with exhaust problems but not before being involved in the accident that caused the second red flag of race 2, as Eurico de Jesus hit him and under the subsequent safety car multiple drivers barreled into each other at the scene to cause the red flag.
_	It is seen approaching "Red Dwarf" and appears to be a transport/passenger/personnel specialised vehicle as it delivers Dave Lister back to "Red Dwarf" from his shore leave on Mimas before the accident that wiped out the crew of "Red Dwarf".
_	In yet another deadly year of motorsport Jacky Ickx, mindful of the accident that had ended the career of his former teammate Willy Mairesse's on the first lap of the previous year’s race staged his own one-man protest.
_	It was here that he met with the accident that handicapped him for life.
_	Set mainly in Paris in 1979, the plot concerns a scheme by an alien, Scaroth (Julian Glover), to steal the "Mona Lisa" to finance experiments in time travel in the hope of averting the accident that killed the remainder of his race four hundred million years previously, which began the existence of life on the planet as well.
_	Palipana has credited Fernando with helping him progress through the accident that left him a quadriplegic.
_	The name Ultraman was originally what the alien spaceman from Nebula M78 called himself when he spoke to a comatose Hayata about merging their forms as compensation for the accident that caused their ships to collide.
_	Cogan was blamed for the accident that eliminated four cars from the 1982 Indy 500 and Kevin’s racing career never recovered from this incident.
_	The National Transportation Safety Board conducted an investigation of the accident that lasted almost 23 months.
_	After her sons change the past to prevent the accident that ruined her life, Trixie returns to being a loving mother and now lives happily together with her family in the present.
_	Gabriel "Gabe" Reyes (portrayed by Lorenzo James Henrie) is Robbie's younger brother, who was paralyzed in the accident that led to Robbie becoming the Ghost Rider.
_	Tim after he believes Steph was responsible for the accident that caused the death of his wife, Bridget (Eloise Mignon).
_	After Nick confronts the driver involved in the accident that killed his parents and paralyzed his brother, he sleeps with Juliet, and the two appear to be sneaking around afterwards.
_	Public awareness of this safeguard was increased in the aftermath of the accident that killed actress Jayne Mansfield on 29 June 1967, when the car she was in hit the rear of a tractor-trailer, causing fatal head trauma.
_	On October 23, along with Valentino Rossi, Edwards was involved in the accident that killed Marco Simoncelli at the Malaysian Grand Prix, injuring his left shoulder and ending his season.
_	As Peter Parker grew up, Fiers' agents learned about the accident that allowed Peter to become Spider-Man, but although amused at this turn of events, he kept Peter's identity to himself, even killing the investigators who had brought him this information.
_	This long-held tenet was broken in 2005, when Jason Todd returned to life as the Red Hood and Bucky was reported to have survived the accident that seemingly killed him, brought back in 2005 as the Winter Soldier, remaining in the shadows for decades.
_	She was seriously injured in the accident that killed Butler.
_	Fi discovered that Will o' the Wisps or other dark powers, though not necessarily Bricriu himself, may have killed her father, resulting in the accident that police had assumed took his life.
_	Furthermore, Stella begins to suspect that the accident that killed her parents was a plot by the Kounjo family.
_	On 16 July 2011, the airline's Air Operator's Certificate was suspended, following the accident that befell Flight 952 on 8 July 2011.
_	With the approaching blue moon heralding her only window for travel, Ever is forced to decide between turning back the clock and saving her family from the accident that claimed them—or staying in the present and saving Damen, who grows weaker each day...
_	Four days later the submarine would have the accident that gave it its nickname.
_	Blaming non-existent enemies for the accident that transformed them, the paranoid villains attempted to take revenge on the entire world.
_	Hewitt subjects her to experiments designed to recreate the accident that created Firestorm and Multiplex.
_	Bobby is annoyed about the errand, but later feels remorse after discovering his wife died in the accident that was causing the very traffic jam he had complained about.
_	During the sacrifice, Dong Fang Suo, Jun, Hua and Kai come to her aid and they defeat the necromancer though Dong Fang Suo is sadly killed (who says it was the Emperor who ordered him and the necromancer to make the accident that almost killed Ping before he dies).
_	Schiavi was widely criticized by the public, as well as by both his own party and the opposition party, for saying on the day of the accident that the death toll would have been far lower if it had taken place a day earlier, during Carnaval, or on another public holiday.
_	About a year before the accident that reduced her to a permanent vegetative state, Eluana was shocked by the news that a dear friend had a motorbike accident.
_	Gomurr had Cain relive the latter’s past, as a delinquent child and his causing the accident that killed his father, Dr. Kurt Marko.
_	She was due to compete on the 21 February 2014, but it was announced after the accident that she would not be competing.
_	Barry decides to recreate the accident that gave him his powers in a bid to undo the damage caused by Thawne, but his initial attempt fails and leaves him badly burned.
_	She continues, though, to tease Becky, joking about the accident that left Becky an orphan.
_	Although the mining operations of a coal deposit is always a risky business, due to the possibility of huge gas concentrations, there are certain theories that indicate the mine has an important lack of safety rules, very similar to the problem presented in the Sago Mine disaster in West Virginia with the accident that caused death of 12 miners on January 2, 2006.
_	AJ confessed to his parents that he was responsible for the accident that had injured Jason.
_	Stunt coordinator G.A. Aguilar also choreographed the accident that day, and Peranio simulated the accident itself by tying a dummy into the hole in the dummy wall.
_	In response to the accident that killed Steve Olin and Crews in 1993, the Indians wore a patch on the sleeves of their jerseys.
_	The film is about a woman who has an affair with her paralyzed husband's doctor, whose wife caused the accident that put her husband in a wheelchair.
_	Stepping through the leak transports the gang back into the past — three weeks before the accident that wiped out the crew.
_	It leads her to investigate the accident that killed Kip, and a dangerous duel.
_	It was the first time since the accident that they got to see Sergeant Major Enache.
_	Mildred having previously told a story that the frog was a student who was cursed by Ms. Hardbroom, Mildred was forced to sneak into the school's presentation to the local wizards (Having been banned after the accident that occurred at the last presentation) by kidnapping one of the third years so that she could take Rowan-Webb to Mr Hellibore to turn him back to normal.
_	(Cap'n Bill had been Trot's father's skipper, and Charlie Griffiths had been his mate, before the accident that took the older man's leg.)
_	Examples of this include when he was forced to destroy his sentient armor and feared designing a more advanced suit in case he repeated the accident that gave his previous armor sentience, when Stark fled Norman Osborn and H.A.M.M.E.R. during the "World's Most Wanted" storyline, and Stark and the Avengers confronted Osborn during his invasion of Asgard during the "Siege" storyline.
_	This event happened one year before the accident that claimed the lives of both Sergio Cresto and his driver by then Henri Toivonen on May 2, 1986.
_	In the episode "Ouroboros" (1997), it is revealed that Kryten was responsible for the accident that killed the ship's crew.
_	Yash, is in the hospital, recalling the accident that changed his life forever.
_	Doran was reportedly pleased with the session, and a further one was planned but, because of the accident that paralysed him, it was never carried out.
_	In a photo taken at the scene of the accident that killed the stylist, Freddie Perdigão is seen standing close to the car as if a passer-by.
_	Emma he never attended his mother's funeral out of guilt over inadvertently causing the accident that killed her, while Emma reveals that the path she is on in life was set out for her by her parents and she never really questioned it.
_	The captain stated after the accident that he knew as the aircraft passed that he was not "in the slot," meaning the conditions had not been met for a safe landing, in this case because of an excessive airspeed.
_	The first officer likewise indicated after the accident that he was aware that they were not "in the slot," but said he believed the captain was taking corrective action.
_	Tim and Bonnie walk to "Cody's Speedway" to get a tow truck, Bonnie calls her father, who is so angry about the accident that he punches Tim.
_	Before the accident that paralysed his arm, he was an elite able-bodied triathlete on the French National triathlon team.
_	Blaming himself for the accident that damaged 90% of his son's body during his high school days, Silas Stone had to turn his son into a cyborg which led to Victor Stone taking the name Cyborg.
_	Little is known about the accident that cost her the use of one eye.
_	On July 14, 2013, speaking near the Alamo on the 29th anniversary of the accident that left him a paraplegic, Abbott formally announced his intention to run for Governor of Texas in the 2014 Texas gubernatorial election.
_	Craig Yale, the vice president of corporate development for Air Methods, stated in a news conference shortly after the accident that, "We fly over 100,000 hours a year, 85,000 missions a year, and in doing so have had very few fatal accidents over a 10-year period."
_	Sulpicio Lines announced three days after the accident that "Doña Paz" was insured for (about in 2011 dollars), and it was willing to indemnify the survivors the amount of ( in 2011) for each victim.
_	She never told her family about the accident that was the reason for her 'bad back.'
_	His spleen was removed due to the accident that occurred at Aqueduct.
_	The energies released by the artifact have accelerated astronaut/space scientist Wally West—nephew to Barry via his marriage to Iris West—in a similar fashion to the accident that made Barry the Flash.
_	While they were in the car, Rafe admitted to causing the accident that ran Patrick Drake's family off the road, killing Patrick's son, Gabriel.
_	Two days after the sinking, on 11 February, U.S. President George W. Bush apologized for the accident on national television, stating, "I want to reiterate what I said to the prime minister of Japan: I'm deeply sorry about the accident that took place; our nation is sorry."
_	The Júlio Delamare Aquatics Centre, situated in Rio de Janeiro, was named after him, five years after the accident that caused his death.
_	Initially, Ryker irradiated various subjects to try and duplicate the accident that created the Hulk, with the goal of allowing him to isolate the Hulk's ability to cope with the radiation and use it to heal his wife.
_	It was several weeks after the accident that Field's true identity was discovered.
_	This causes the accident that gave the Ultimate Fantastic Four their powers, though Victor maintains that the original Richards programming was so bad that even he couldn't fix it, and that it was this that led to the accident.
_	Comair discovered after the accident that all of its pilots had been using an airport map that did not accurately reflect changes made to the airport layout during ongoing construction work.
_	Following a 2006 accident Craig Yale, the vice president of corporate development for Air Methods, stated in a news conference shortly after the accident that, "We fly over 100,000 hours a year, 85,000 missions a year, and in doing so have had very few fatal accidents over a 10-year period."
_	Four professionals recruited from France travelled to the island of São Miguel, in order to film the accident that caused the death of Jaime and Beatriz.
_	After initially stating publicly that he was alone, both in a written press release and during a press conference, it was discovered in the police report of the accident that Petrino had been riding with a passenger, former Arkansas All-SEC volleyball player Jessica Dorrell.
_	The older Gaudí ate frugally, dressed in old, worn-out suits, and neglected his appearance to the extent that sometimes he was taken for a beggar, such as after the accident that caused his death.
_	Starring Marvel's flagship character, the series examines Spider-Man's formative days, focusing on the period between the accident that gave Peter Parker superhuman powers and the murder of his Uncle Ben.
_	In addition to compensation issues, the agreement has stated that "Ukraine is not legally responsible for the accident that occurred to the plane and free of any obligations regarding it".
_	The Franklin Mint had struck medals for carriage on Apollo 13, but due to the accident that damaged the spacecraft, Apollo 13 never landed on the Moon.
_	He played an important role in Midshipman's Hope as, were it not for the skylarking between him and Sandy Wilsky, it would have been he and not Lieutenant Lisa Dagalow who died in the accident that ultimately resulted in Seafort becoming Captain.
_	Once such example is when World Champion motorcycle racer Wayne Rainey crashed in the accident that would eventually leave him paralyzed from the chest down.
_	After the accident that gave the Fantastic Four their powers, the children who were not altered were moved to another facility in Oregon.
_	She believes that Claire is responsible for the accident that left her unable to hear or talk, as Eileen had previously had an affair with her sister's fiancee, James (Dylan Neal).
_	The revision went so far as to remove the accident that cost him his arm as he had originally, yet seemed to maintain other events which led to his joining Aladdin as he had originally.
_	He apologises the next day and persuades Mick to stop blaming Nancy for the accident that has left their brother Ollie Carter with possible brain damage.
_	He was to have been in the car involved in the accident that killed both Camus and Michel Gallimard, but there was not enough room, and returned instead that day by train to Paris.
_	According to Di Pego, at the film's climax Banner would be forced to recreate the accident that transformed him into the Hulk in order to stop the villains' plans.
_	The ensuing political scandal led to the demotion of Transportation Secretary Juan Pablo Schiavi, and a trial for the causes of the accident that is still open.
_	Near death, Blanche confesses that the accident that caused her paralysis is her own fault: on the night of the accident, she had tried to run Jane over because she was angry at her sister for mocking her, and ever since she has let Jane believe she was to blame for her spine being severed when the car struck the iron gate of their house.
_	It was after the accident that he took to writing books.
_	Westward Beach is where former lifeguard Jesse Billauer suffered the accident that left him paralyzed.
_	At the 1939 Indianapolis 500, he was involved in the accident that killed defending champion Floyd Roberts.
_	For example, the X-Perimental loses its weapons in the accident that brings it to the X Universe.
_	Gabriel Luna, who portrays Reyes, explained at the end of October 2016 that the confrontation between his character and the last member of the Fifth Street Locos gang in the episode "Lockup" revealed to Reyes that the accident that caused him to become Ghost Rider "wasn’t just random, it was a hit, somebody ordered that, these guys were just the guys who carried it out—there’s a whole batch of new questions that Robbie has after that.
_	He would appear again in a flashback sequence when Lorna Dane discovered that she was the one responsible for the accident that killed her parents.
_	Horry in his backyard, and expresses her remorse over being involved the accident that caused Horry's brain injury and then leaving him.
_	Peter by recounting the accident that created him, and he and Otto's involvements.
_	The public, enraged by the accident that nearly destroyed the House of Romanov, connected mismanagement of the Kursk-Kharkiv-Azov railroad to Polyakov and, particularly, "credited" him with substandard, too thin gravel ballast pads that failed to cushion track vibrations as they were supposed to.
_	It was revealed by the Sydney Morning Herald the day following the accident that the state MP for Temora, Jim Taylor, had regularly flown that service on that day of the week, but this particular week had instead flown to Parkes because his wife had been in the area.
_	Throughout the story, Mitsuru hides many details about Tartarus and the Dark Hour from the group, due to feelings of guilt over her family's involvement in the accident that created them.
_	It was also discovered that inspections of the area had noticed in the days before the accident that there was insufficient ballast under the joint area causing the joint to flex repeatedly as well as an excessive mismatch in railhead height.
_	Further, portions of the film also include shots of the dirigible , a year before the accident that destroyed the airship with the loss of two crew.
_	Caltrans spokespersons estimated immediately after the accident that it would take weeks to clear the debris from the scene and months to rebuild the affected sections.
_	The locomotive was so badly damaged in the accident that it was scrapped in the same year.
_	As they pass through it, they discover a temporal rift in normal space, through which they encounter an alternative "Red Dwarf" crew, with some small differences: in this reality, it is "Lister" who is the hologram, having failed to survive the accident that wiped out the crew.
_	Then she explains that she was the driver in the accident that killed Julie, accepting responsibility for her friend's death.
_	Irwin's accident was blamed on a stuck throttle, which was the same cause of the accident that had killed Adam Petty at nearly that exact spot on the track just two months prior.
_	Rappaport's death, along with the accident that left Jack Purvis, his co-star, a tetraplegic, were the main reasons why Terry Gilliam decided to shelve the intended sequel to "Time Bandits", as their characters were two of the most heavily featured in the film.
_	He and Carris are a comedic duo that berate each other over their lack of progress with Ermengarde and Sara, respectively, until the accident that kills Carris.
_	Years later, Lex comes into conflict with Superman, as he attempts to recreate the accident that cost him his hair to contact extraterrestrials.
_	Eventually Kevin, Sally and Alison sort things out and Alison introduces Kevin to her parents and they tell him that Alison is responsible for the accident that caused the death of her younger sister, Cheryl.
_	Dave about the accident that killed a mother and a child.
_	This combined form, the abilities it possesses, and the accident that caused it, are all reminiscent of Firestorm.
_	He had an interest in sledge hockey that predated the accident that disabled him.
_	He does so by recreating the accident that gave him his powers.
_	In his first appearance in "Ben 10: Alien Force", Paradox soon learns that the accident that gave him his power also sent an extra-dimensional creature fifty years from the time of the experiment.
_	Like her sister companies under the Mahilac Group, CEM Trans Services, Inc. has involved in a road accident like the accident that happened in Amparo, Caloocan City, plying route to Tungko/Grotto (San Jose del Monte), when a bus flipped over the wall at Quirino Highway on February 2, 2008, resulting in an injury of 20 passengers aboard.
_	Barry convinces Batman to help him recreate the accident that gave him his powers, but the attempt fails and Barry is severely burned.
_	Rouge finds an 'egg' and is absorbed into it, reliving the memories of Yohko Yamamoto since the accident that caused her to lose her memory.
_	He however stumbles upon more revelations linking Maria to the accident that killed his wife.
_	With no recollection of the supernatural events before the accident that took her father, she has to figure out why people around her are mysteriously dying; she must try to remember if she has any chance of saving herself and her loved ones from this dark force.
_	In it, he speaks to the author candidly about the accident that ended his career.
_	Unknown to the defendant and his solicitor, the clerk was a member of the firm of solicitors acting in a civil claim against the defendant arising out of the accident that had given rise to the prosecution.
_	He is haunted by guilt for his role in the accident that killed his parents.
_	They tell Astrid that they believe the butchers are murdering people, and Holger reveals the details of the accident that claimed Bjarne's family.
_	While the body of Carsen was recovered approximately 90 minutes after the accident that of Nguyen was not found until December 29.
_	Chief among them is the team's violent encounters with Doctor Doom, who believes that Reed was responsible for the accident that scarred him.
_	Within the context of the stories, Tokamak is the identity taken by Henry Hewitt, the Chief Executive Officer of the Hewitt Corporation and high level director in the 2000 Committee, after subjecting himself to a recreation of the accident that created Firestorm.
_	After Liv and Franky lock horns in the corridor, and when Liv questions why Franky has never accepted her role in the accident that ultimately led to Grace's death, Franky violently slaps her across the face.
_	According to Law, "Point 783" is "quite a bloodthirsty installment" of "Captain Scarlet", in part due to the accident that results in the deaths of the original Storm and Brooks.
_	When Shawn's half-sister and troubled teen, Chelsea Benson, was serving her community service (sentenced for causing the accident that killed her brother Zack) at University Hospital, she discovered that Shawn was Claire's father.
_	Lyrically, the song narrates about the feelings and emotions Goodrem was feeling when she found out about the accident that killed him and her struggles to move on.
_	Palipana has credited Jayaweera with helping him progress through the accident that left him a quadriplegic.
_	It is revealed that Gaura was also responsible for the accident that caused Ahem's death.
_	Attention was focused almost immediately about the lack of PTC on equipment involved in the Chatsworth collision; Federal Railroad Administrator Joseph H. Boardman told a reporter days after the accident that PTC "would have stopped the train before there was a collision".
_	On January 13, 1968, Cahan, playing with the Oakland Seals against the Minnesota North Stars, was involved in the accident that caused the death of Bill Masterton.
_	The latter suffered such serious damage in the accident that she had to be scrapped.
_	Carr argued one could contend that the "real" reasons for the accident that killed Robinson might be the defective brakes or the sharp turn of the road or the inebriated state of Jones, but that to argue that it was Robinson's wish to buy cigarettes was the cause of his death, that while a factor was not the "real" cause of his death.
_	Later it is revealed that he is Andy Summer, Jody's brother, who supposedly died in the accident that revolved around Zoda (unbeknownst to the rest of the Mobile Task Force for the majority of the series).
_	IPS (John Abraham) a.k.a. Yash, in the hospital, recalling the accident that changed his life forever.
_	In response to the accident that took Olin and Crews in 1993, the Indians wore a patch on the sleeves of their jerseys.
_	Craig Yale, the vice president of corporate development for Air Methods, stated in a news conference shortly after the accident that, "We fly over 100,000 hours a year, 85,000 missions a year, and in doing so have had very few fatal accidents over a 10-year period."
_	Nicol was injured in the accident that killed drummer Martin Lamble on 12 May 1969, but when he and the band were recovered they recorded what is usually considered their masterpiece and the most important single album in British folk rock, "Liege and Lief" (1969), which is credited as the key recording in the creation of the British folk rock genre and which helped institute a major surge of interest in British folk music.
_	In early 2013, Connie deals with the guilt she feels for causing the accident that left Trey brain-dead.
_	On December 8, 2006, he sued the Titans because of the accident that occurred during the pre-season game at LP Field.
_	However, Bard is soon revealed to be allied with Hush, destroying evidence gathered by the Bat-Family that proved that Gordon was set up to cause the accident that led to his arrest and using Hush's insight and resources to identify various weapons caches Batman has hidden around Gotham and detonate them, ruining Batman and Wayne Enterprises' reputation.
_	Auden is the only who treats Lia like a person, and the two grow close because of this, until Auden blames Lia for the accident that leaves him severely injured.
_	Peter by recounting the accident that created him, and that he and Otto were Peter's parents in a way.
_	Lister's previously established history with Kochanski where he barely interacted with her is retconned in "DNA" (1991), when Lister mentions Kochanski having "finished with [him]" back before the accident that killed her.
_	He remembered the accident that killed his mother and sister and how his father took the Senate oath at his and his brother's bedside.
_	Later, Rabum Alal reveals to Doctor Strange that the Beyonders are responsible for the accident that turned Owen Reece into the Molecule Man, the same accident that created the sentient energy modicum that would name itself "The Beyonder" after its creators.
_	Meanwhile, she decides to use the new laptop to begin filming herself speaking about herself like sending messages to Ed, even revealing the details of the accident that killed her father.
_	Colville that her daughter Imogene has realized after the accident that she isn’t really in love with him.
_	The real ruby was hidden by the two thieves in what they were told was the New Year pudding and they were unaware of the accident that befell the pudding intended for Christmas Day.
_	Unknown to the defendant and his solicitor, the clerk to the justices was a member of the firm of solicitors acting in a civil claim against the defendant arising out of the accident that had given rise to the prosecution.
_	Among the rumors surrounding the accident that this second examination sought to verify was that an accidental firearm discharge took place on board the aircraft and caused the crash, since two months after the event, a farmer had found at the crash site a .22 (5.6 mm) pistol known to have belonged to Holly.
_	Later, Barry and Batman create an electric chair-like device to try and recreate the accident that gave him his speed; however, the first attempt meets with failure, leaving Barry severely burned.
_	After the accident that cost Ayrton Senna his life during a race in 1994, Stirano was appointed by Williams as expert surveyor on the side of the Williams team, which was being accused of causing the accident due to them having created an undersized steering column.
_	Two debut, Gartner's car was damaged by debris from the accident that killed his countryman Markus Höttinger.
_	Jim Moodie born 15 February 1966 in Dumfries is a retired British Superbike, Supersport and Isle of Man TT racer who retired in 2003 from the TT races after being caught up in the accident that claimed the life of David Jefferies.
_	The film opens on the accident that Crash survives as a child.
_	"The New York Times" noted on the day after the accident that "neither Jay Greene, flight director for the ascent, nor any other person in the control room, was made available to the press by the space agency."
_	Locke reveals to Jack that the accident that made him paralyzed was a plane crash; he had just qualified for his pilot's license and his father was his first passenger.
_	However this is not the Rimmer that left "Starbug" to take on his Ace persona, but rather the Rimmer that was aboard "Red Dwarf" before the accident that wiped out the crew.
_	The player is set to find out who killed Mick, and goes on different races to beat different crews, regain territory and see if they know anything about the accident, where each crew boss then describes what they know about the accident that killed Mick.
_	After a few days Prakashan's son informs that a girl had come to their studio and had inquired about Vasoottan and also about the accident that took place long back in which Vasoottan had lost his Father.
_	But her father doesn't want her to sing after the accident that happened to her mother, Maria.
_	As a result, she tragically dies in the accident that held on the "Little Baroness".
_	The US Department of Labor (USDOL) working with the Division of Occupational Safety and Health (DOSH) issued a lengthy report on the accident that discounted the cause and origin findings of the CCFD.
_	It was while recovering from the accident that she discovered pole dancing as a way to regain fitness.
_	SAC stated at the time of the accident that all four bombs were destroyed.
_	After the accident that destroyed her Hedgehog mount in September 1943, the ship was required extensive repairs and the navy took the opportunity to install two new Squid mounts in lieu of 'A' gun.
_	On lap 92 of the scheduled 95-lap race, the accident that killed Krosnoff took place.
_	Kamini lies to Monty that his mother and sister are deceased and about the circumstances of the accident that killed him in his previous birth.
_	Mars was charged with reckless driving, and told a witness after the accident that she had fallen asleep at the wheel.
_	He tries to kill Lucy, Angelica, and himself in his car, believing he is re-creating the accident that killed his real fiancée the previous year.
_	G-force was critical in the accident that killed Kumaritashvili.
_	It was several weeks after the accident that Field's true identity was discovered.
_	Spider-Man takes Morbius to Shriek, where Shriek reveals she caused the accident that transformed him into a vampire.
_	A jury verdict found that Disneyland was blameless in the accident that left the teenager partially paralyzed.
_	Anthony after revealing that Johnny was the one who caused the accident that killed Hope and Cole and had Kate's alter Connie take the fall.
_	The Ultimate Marvel version of Doctor Octopus is younger, more muscular, and wears sunglasses to disguise scars from the accident that fused him to his metal arms.
_	Such was the force of the accident that the cow was almost entirely cut in half.
_	Hall ended up causing the accident that gave himself near-limitless gravitational powers.
_	The Investigation Committee on the Accident at the Fukushima Nuclear Power Stations (ICANPS) was tasked with: ""conducting an investigation to determine the causes of the accident that occurred at Fukushima Daiichi and Daini Nuclear Power Stations of Tokyo Electric Power Company, and those of the damages generated by the accident, and thereby making policy proposals designed to prevent the expansion of the damages and the recurrence of similar accidents in the future"".
_	Other people note that the motorcyclist who was killed, caused the accident that severely disabled the other car driver, so Brunstrom has a valid point that motoring is an important area to focus on.
_	He discovers that while he has been waiting for his accident-damaged eyes to heal (the accident that caused Masen to be blinded is never explained), an unusual meteor shower the previous night has blinded most people on Earth.
_	The series included an episode whose plot essentially paralleled the ill-fated Apollo 13 mission's explosion in space more than a decade later and another that was an uncanny foretelling of the accident that befell the real Gemini VIII mission in 1966.
_	The Leader has a perfect memory with the ability to recall every moment since the accident that gave him his powers.
_	President Donald Trump said on Twitter a few hours after the accident that the derailment shows that his "soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be passed quickly."
_	Carr argued one could contend that the "real" reasons for the accident that killed Robinson might be the defective brakes or the sharp turn of the road or the inebriated state of Jones, but that to argue that it was Robinson's wish to buy cigarettes that was the cause, while a factor, was not the "real" cause of his death.
_	He stated at the Board of Trade Inquiry into the accident that the reason for this practice was a desire to save the expense connected with the wear of the batteries that supplied power to the tablet instruments.
_	Brown, who had four stitches inserted in his left knee and two in his head, is reported to have said soon after the accident that he would play today.
_	The Clowns is a mysterious group responsible for the accident that led to Kaneki receiving Rize's organs.
_	In some versions, like Young Justice, Wally uses these skills to recreate the accident that gave Barry his powers by himself, granting himself his own powers.
_	On January 13, 1968, Harris, playing with the Oakland Seals against the Minnesota North Stars, was involved in the accident that caused the death of Bill Masterton.
_	Months later, Thomas' family sued General Motors for $73 million in damages stemming from the accident that Thomas caused.
_	In response to the accident that took Olin and Crews in 1993, the Indians wore a patch on their sleeves of their jerseys.
_	Finn he wishes that the accident that paralyzed him had never happened.
_	Seleski sought to prevent the accident that gave him his powers from taking place.
_	This fence is the site of the accident that claimed the only human life in the National's history: in 1862, Joe Wynne fell here and died from his injuries, although a coroner's inquest revealed that the rider was in a gravely weakened condition through consumption.
_	The novel also circles around both the accident that killed Buck and Conrad's suicide attempt.
_	Mrs. Poggioli was also severely injured in the accident that killed her husband; their daughter, Sylvia, who was in the car with her parents, suffered minor injuries.
_	Whilst recovering from the accident that left him temporarily unable to walk, Ketchell decided to respond to this crippling situation the only way he knew how, and with dogged determination, set about physical tasks that most of us can only imagine experiencing.
_	Brown was 23 years old when he experienced the accident that changed, completely and irrevocably, the course of his life.
_	The Ultimate Reed experiences an increase in his intellect from the accident that empowered him, making his "mind as flexible as his body".
_	Dr. Schimmel clearly still holds Batman responsible for the accident that left him unable to withstand temperatures above 50 degrees below zero, and his ostracism from normal society.
_	He was said to be responsible for the accident that killed his half-brother William III of Dampierre during a tournament in Trazegnies.
_	Timmy is a skilled mimic who has the mentality of a child due to witnessing the accident that crippled his mother, and killed his father.
_	Mattingly was also instrumental in returning the Apollo 13 crew safely back to Earth after the accident that prevented them from landing on the Moon.
_	Karen and Roberta are caught by the police and taken to the station, where they discover Dave's ex-wife and daughter were killed in the accident that involved Mike and Susan.
_	While there are many challenges and many places in Minsk are not barrier free, she is not sad about the accident that resulted in her needing to use a wheelchair.
_	Willing to change history and ready to sacrifice his own life to restore his son's, Batman helps Barry build a device to recreate the accident that gave Barry speed powers.
_	Kimeru, who was close friends with Yanagi, was struck hard by the accident that when he released his third single, OVERLAP (a theme song for the anime Yu-Gi-Oh!
_	Renji later learns that she has a severe case of anterograde amnesia, where she can only remember 13 hours' of memory at a time, aside from the events before the accident that led to her current state, which she can recall perfectly.
_	"" reveals that Barry Allen is a living generator of the Speed Force ever since the accident that transformed him into the Flash.
_	Lindores began cycling in 2006, two years after the accident that took his sight.
_	David goes back alone once again and prevents the accident that would lead to the player's injury, and averts the plane crash.
_	While Cheyenne plots to outwit her captors, flee Roy’s home in a remote wooded area and gather as much information as possible to turn over to police when (or if) she’s rescued, readers learn more about the accident that took Cheyenne’s mother and sight.
_	Assuming that the defendant did not dispute driving a vehicle that was involved in the accident that injured the plaintiff, the case would come down to whether the driver drove in accordance with the standard of a reasonable driver, and whether the injured person's injuries are a foreseeable consequence of the driving.
_	The race is principally remembered for the accident that resulted in the deaths of race marshal Frederick Jansen van Vuuren and driver Tom Pryce.
_	He announced the next morning after the accident that he would miss the remainder of the season.
_	However, the Nintendo 64 game mentions that Mighty Gazelle's accident and the accident that suspended the Grand Prix were two separate events.
_	He gives her a lift and on the way once again they are faced with a similar situation to the accident that had taken away Sunita's identity.
_	The planet's suffering is visualized by worm-like creatures similar to the one that caused the accident that killed her.
_	He reveals to have taken Bill hostage, revealing that they, along with Claire whom he also had feelings for, were working on a time machine ten years ago, but Bill's desire for money led to the accident that claimed Claire's life.
_	The ghost and Catherine tell the story and their narratives show details of the ghost's past as well as the accident that claimed Kirsty's life.
_	"Stokes never faced more serious charges, such as involuntary manslaughter, in the accident that also injured 122 people because prosecutors at the time did not believe they could meet the burden of proof," said a spokeswoman for the Illinois attorney general's office.
_	Kochanski's previously established history with Lister where she barely interacted with him is retconned in "DNA" (1991), when Lister mentions Kochanski having "finished with [him]" back before the accident that killed her.
_	In October 2005, Bau had the accident that ended her racing career.
