_	To counter the accusation that North Vietnam was violating the Geneva Accord, the independence of the Viet Cong was stressed in communist propaganda.
_	Fishman's description of OT VIII contains the accusation that Jesus was a pedophile.
_	This brought about the accusation that unification supporters were attempting to sell out Taiwan.
_	Jason can't believe this accusation, and briefly launches a campaign against the Platts to clear his dad's name, before a wrench with both Callum and Tony's DNA on it seemingly confirms the accusation that Tony did indeed murder Callum, whose mates begin a revenge campaign against Jason.
_	By the time Bremner was allowed to play again Jimmy Armfield was the manager, though he refuted the accusation that he had attempted to undermine Clough as "ridiculous".
_	Among them is the accusation that 'Thou hast been to me like the tree that said to its woodcutters, "If something of me were not in your hands, ye had not fallen upon me”.'
_	Tymoshenko denied the accusations and rejected the accusation that she was soft in her support for Georgia, saying that she supported the "sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia" but she does not agree with the president’s tough stance on the Black Sea Ports and defends her position as being "in line with the European Union and not to drag Ukraine into conflicts".
_	During this time, the topic of sudden infant death syndrome was prominent in the British press, partly due to an increase in casualties, but also because a doctor had gone public with the accusation that parents were to blame for the tragic occurrence.
_	Hirst eventually defended the concept and refuted the accusation that he was only interested in making money.
_	The entire website functions as satire, including, at one point, the accusation that the American author "masquerading" under the French name "La Farge" had the audacity to put his own name on front cover, as if he was the actual author.
_	They were reported to be 'outraged' at the accusation that they had not complied with minimum wage legislation and demanded an apology from Business Minister Jenny Willott for making it.
_	"The Economist" published an obituary that questioned Jois's adherence to the yogic principle of brahmacharya or sexual continence and made the accusation that his female students received different "adjustments" from his male students.
_	As Italian sociologist PierLuigi Zoccatelli noted, "Martial arts and the teaching of weapon handling techniques are highly competitive fields, and competitors have tried to use the accusation that Maltsev operates a 'cult' in order to warn students from enrolling in his courses.
_	In 1993, Degaga was arrested on the accusation that he participated in a Red Terror execution during the regime of the dictator Mengistu Haile Mariam.
_	Soon thereafter, the accusation that he had been murdered by Jews who needed his blood to bake matzoth was spread throughout Belarus.
_	In March 1919, Tucholsky defended against the accusation that the republic was not seen positively in his article "Wir Negativen" (English: "Us The Negatives").
_	To support the accusation that he was an American spy, it was presented as evidence that he was teaching his sister English so she could be used as a spy for the Americans.
_	During this time in the 1980s, the issue of cot death was prominent in the British press, partly due to an increase in casualties, but also because a doctor had gone public with the accusation that parents were to blame for the tragic occurrence.
_	This is underlined by having Hildebrand specifically blame Hagen for the disaster, calling him a "vâlant" (fiend), the male counterpart to the accusation that Kriemhild is a "vâlandinne" (fiend).
_	Two years later the Praetorian prefect, Tigellinus, frightened Nero with the accusation that Plautus "had the arrogance of the Stoics, who breed sedition and intrigue".
_	Tujue soon attacked, the people believed the accusation that Wang and Gao were collaborating with Eastern Tujue, and Li Yuan used this excuse to execute them.
_	The phrase was a play by Milk on the accusation that gay people recruit impressionable youth into their numbers.
_	At his military trial in the 1970s, Latief made the accusation that Suharto himself had been a co-conspirator in the G30S plot, and had betrayed the group for his own purposes.
_	Representative of those charges is the accusation that Ardashir "had taken away fires from the fire-temples, extinguished them and blotted them out."
_	In order to deal with the accusation that she profited from her position and power, Mary Hunt had signed over to charity the royalties due her on the thousands of temperance textbooks sold annually.
_	However, Ernulf was so disgusted at the accusation that he renounced all his lands in England and left the country for ever.
_	Manigault Newman made the accusation that this discussion took place and released the tape after Katrina Pierson, the spokesperson for Eric Trump, denied on Fox News that such a conversation took place.
_	In August 2007, Turchynov replied to the accusation that his stance on same-sex marriage is typically conservative, "I do not agree.
_	In July 2017 three reps were sacked by Picturehouses on the accusation that they knew of community direct action tactics.
_	However, on July 2016, his library was closed under the accusation that it incites "hate speech", "racial discrimination", etc.
_	The 1979 book and play "The Trial of God" are said to have been based on his real-life Auschwitz experience of witnessing three Jews who, close to death, conduct a trial against God, under the accusation that He has been oppressive of the Jewish people.
_	Adams denied the accusation that he had interfered with the FTC investigation on Goldfine's behalf, but Eisenhower forced him to resign in September 1958.
_	In his August 10, 2010 UN Special Rapporteur report Falk detailed the accusation that Israel was practicing a policy of apartheid in the Palestinian territories:
_	The Malaysian police investigator however deny the blame that with the absence of four North Korean suspects their investigation had caused prejudice, insisting that "as for the case, the main perpetrators who committed the killing are the two accused", as well denying on the accusation that Malaysian police didn't take adequate measures to pursue the four men, stressing that Interpol had issued an alert for the four men to be arrested based on Malaysia’s request.
_	Secundus accused Purpurius of murder, which Purpurius admitted but countered with the accusation that Secundus had been a traditor.
_	A political crisis related to the validity of her Dutch citizenship—namely the accusation that she had lied on her application for political asylum—led to her resignation from parliament, and indirectly to the fall of the second Balkenende cabinet in 2006.
_	She also defended Pound against the accusation that he was anti-Semitic.
_	At the end of the MSNBC interview, Cook then lambasted the accusation that she had anything to do with Virk's actual murder because Ellard was the participant charged for the murder.
_	After the verdict was announced, "Reason" legal commentator Radley Balko said that he found "simply no basis for the accusation that Mehserle intentionally executed a man in front of dozens of witnesses", and described the verdict as "appropriate" although not "popular".
_	Swiss IOC member Marc Hodler, head of the coordination committee overseeing the organization of the 2002 games, made the accusation that a group of members of the IOC had taken bribes since the start of the bidding process in 1990 for the 1996 Olympic games.
_	In the few hours he has to sleep, she heckles him all night with the accusation that he doesn't love her.
_	Some party activists made the accusation that Labour was policing "thought crime" and claimed that the rule was "an attempt to stifle criticism of Israel".
_	Andy was quoted as calling "the accusation that Carlin had been muzzled for political reasons 'ridiculous.'
_	On Israeli Radio that same day, Ben-Gurion addressed the nation, repeating the accusation that the massacre had been perpetrated by Israeli civilians:
_	During the World Conference against Racism held in Durban in 2001, the accusation that "Zionism is a form of racism" resurfaced.
_	In 1348, the inhabitants were either expelled or assassinated due to the accusation that they had distributed the pest.
_	Another common controversy that describes the worsened relationship between Oron and Eket is the accusation that General Esuene was the one who ordered the bombing of Urue Oruko, a region at the heart of Oron where several millions of Oron people (mostly traders and women) were killed during the Nigerian Civil War in the late 1960s.
_	In a self-published commentary regarding the New York testing performed by CSICOP and CSMMH, Nobel prize winning physicist and parapsychology supporter Brian Josephson criticized the test and evaluation methods used by Hyman and questioned the researchers' motives, leveling the accusation that the experiment had the appearance of being "some kind of plot to discredit the teenage claimed psychic."
_	Shī‘ah Muslims consider the accusation that they are using a different Qur'an as one of the misconceptions about the Shi'a.
_	Anneli Jäätteenmäki resigned on 18 June 2003, under pressure resulting from the accusation that she had lied to Parliament and the public over how she had acquired confidential Foreign Ministry documents which she used for political purposes during the election campaign.
_	Gustav von Wangenheim's son claimed his father, after being arrested by the NKVD and a lengthy interrogation, signed a statement that implicated Carola Neher as being "anti soviet" but had in fact explicitly refuted the accusation that Neher and her husband Anatol Becker had planned to murder Stalin.
_	In April 2017, another lawsuit, regarding Purina's Beggin' line of dog food and the accusation that its advertising fooled consumers into thinking that it was full of bacon, was dropped.
_	To the accusation that self styled Colonel Karuna, a government aligned
_	The Wayne County Election Committee approved a recall petition to remove Kilpatrick as mayor based on the multimillion-dollar settlement ($9,000,000+) in a whistle-blower lawsuit against the city, and the accusation that Kilpatrick misled the City Council into approving the settlement.
_	Charlotte Eckerman denied the accusation that she was to have spread rumours regarding the crown prince's legitimacy, and claimed that it was the king's page, Georg Johan De Besche as the guilty party.
_	Potjaman responded the accusation that she did not own Winmark, neither her husband.
_	The matter of moral corruption is important for two reasons: (i) corruption is the accusation that he (Socrates) corrupted the rich, young men of Athens by teaching atheism; (ii) that if he is convicted of corruption, it will be because the playwright Aristophanes already had corrupted the minds of his audience, when they were young, by lampooning Socrates as the “Sophistical philosopher” in "The Clouds", a comic play produced about twenty-four years earlier.
_	Upon returning to Zagreb, he was immediately put on trial by Ustashe under the accusation that he collaborated with the communists.
_	In 1856, he was appointed as the Major Lieutenant, but soon after was convicted and sent to prison again in Bataan under the accusation that he ordered a rich man's housemaid's head to be shaved.
_	During the 2017 Labour party conference, new rules were introduced to combat antisemitism within the party: in response, some party activists made the accusation that Labour were policing "thought crime".
_	Police Captain Henrickson then confronts Newell with the accusation that he tried to blackmail Helen about her affair and that when she refused to comply, he killed her.
_	In 1975 Vidal sued Truman Capote for slander over the accusation that he had been thrown out of the White House for being drunk, putting his arm around the first lady and then insulting Mrs. Kennedy's mother.
_	The family of Brad Will visited Mexico to demand justice from the court system, and upon hearing the accusation that their son was shot at close range by a protester, they called it "ridiculous, false, without substance, biased, and unconvincing."
_	The final report of the Bundestag’s special investigative committee cleared Guttenberg from the accusation that he had been responsible for the defence ministry’s inadequate communications policy following the Kunduz strike.
_	Luigi de Magistris has been removed from the investigation with the accusation that de Magistris did not keep the details of the case confidential and revealed the names of people under investigation, including Forza Italia senator Giancarlo Pittelli and general Walter Lombardo Cretella.
_	In May 2004, Kenneth Brown of the Alexis de Tocqueville Institution made the accusation that major parts of the Linux kernel had been copied from the MINIX codebase, in a book named "Samizdat".
_	In the journal "Body & Society" he wrote, "The ways in which the accusation that the director and other crew members identified as gay is seen to collapse gay identity into gay sexual behaviour, but the wholesale collapse of nudity into sexuality."
_	In the "Indignatio" (perhaps a short poem) he defended himself against the accusation that he was of servile birth.
_	The Russian Foreign Ministry strongly rejected the accusation that Russia had reversed its position.
_	In response, Harkness stated: "I vehemently deny the accusation that I made racist comments to Stan Collymore."
_	A number of nobles met 17 days later on 27 September, and convinced Abuna Mattewos to excommunicate Iyasu on the accusation that he converted to Islam, then announced on the steps of the Palace that Iyasu had been deposed in favor of Empress Zawditu.
_	Despite the gradual condemnation of the work and the accusation that Sigonio had created it himself, there were some holdouts.
_	Ghalib told his Tribunal that he found the accusation that he had a letter from a Taliban leader shocking.
_	The supposed reason for the annulment was either the age of the couple or the accusation that Costanza's mother was living disolutely in concubinage.
_	Phillips rejected the accusation that the Klan robes and hoods were a disguise and insisted they were "part of the traditional garb of the order" he belonged to.
_	He denied the accusation that by mentioning it he was attempting to secure Muslim votes.
_	Baldwin was targeted with the accusation that he had failed to rearm Britain in the 1930s despite Hitler's threat.
_	The Kammergericht Berlin ruled that the accusation that Hohmann "supported antisemitic tendencies as his own or in any case facilitated them in parts of the audience by providing facts for such appraisal" was in line with the core statements of the speech.
_	The SPLC says that adherents are "incensed by the liberalizing reforms" of the Second Vatican Council (1962–65) which condemned hatred for Jewish people and "rejected the accusation that Jews are collectively responsible for deicide in the form of the crucifixion of Christ" and that "Radical traditional Catholics" also embrace "extremely conservative social ideals with respect to women."
_	The information was based upon Bludwine shipping its syrup over state lines from Georgia to Tennessee in violation of the Foods and Drug Act, per the accusation that Bludwine was misbranding its product in a false and misleading manner due to the "Bludwine Syrup" label on the syrup products.
_	One important criticism of the ASF is the accusation that, due to the delay in its establishment, the Force could not be used as a tool of peacemaking in the latest occurrence of crises in Africa, such as the fight against the Lord's Resistance Army in Uganda, the war in Somalia, as well as the ongoing conflict in Eastern D.R. Congo.
_	Frank was so infuriated by the accusation that he burned the letters.
_	After leaving Manchester United, Kuszczak made the accusation that Ferguson held his career back – specifically that he was prevented from joining other clubs by inflating his asking price.
_	Further, he had Lü Shu (呂述) the vice mayor of Luoyang, where Niu was at the time, make the accusation that when Niu heard of Liu Zhen's defeat, he sighed.
_	To counter the accusation that North Vietnam was violating the Geneva Accord, the independence of the Việt Cộng was stressed in Communist propaganda.
_	In December 1925 the Mosul province was awarded to Iraq, leaving the League of Nations open to the accusation that it was little more than the plaything of the British and French governments.
_	In October 2009, Williams recanted many of the accusations, including the accusation that the attack was racially motivated, against five of the defendants.
_	He speculates about Barbara's deep involvement in the occult with the accusation that she is a witch.
_	Some Jewish thinkers and community leaders proclaimed that recent Jewish immigrants ought "to become tillers of the soil and thus shake off the accusation that we were petty mercenaries living upon the toil of others."
_	The South African bishops issued a strongly worded rebuttal of the accusation that the "New Nation" was a "communist" newspaper and noted that TFP's critiques ignored the gospel basis of liberation theology.
_	The most prominent of Rand's personal disciples, the early self-esteem psychologist Nathaniel Branden, addressed "the accusation that we are against feelings, against emotions" and in part acknowledged the criticism that a celebration of ultra-rationalism was dangerous:
_	To counter the negative publicity, McCarthy appeared on "See It Now" on April 6, 1954, and made a number of charges against the popular Murrow, including the accusation that he colluded with VOKS, the "Russian espionage and propaganda organization".
_	The film was banned in Germany in 1932 under the accusation that it depicted the president, the legal system, and religion in a poor way, but due to protests the ban was lifted on a recut version.
_	Although it was originally believed that his Facebook account may have been compromised or hacked following an alleged kidnapping and drugging from Putin's security forces, later comments by Alexseyev proved otherwise, as when confronted with the accusation that he was being antisemitic, he "continued his defense for over three minutes, detailing that he has Jewish friends, and adding that his mother's stepmother was Jewish, and people he works with are Jewish" which, "TheNewCivilRightsMovement.com" continued to state, "is an unfortunate line of defense as the irony is clear.
_	Speaking to the accusation that Stump had used the term "whore" in court:
_	In the story, Jesus counters the accusation that he does not have the power to forgive sins and forgives them, and also heals the man.
_	Robert is shocked both at the accusation that he's the thief and at hearing that Charles had suggested such.
_	He denied the papal claim to primacy and the accusation that the reformers were schismatic.
_	This version effectively mitigates the accusation that Tiberius ever laid hands on an inviolate person such as Octavius, instead showing that Tiberius won his support with full legality.
_	One of his early criticisms was in 1669 when he made the accusation that Rev. John Higginson, the minister of Salem, "preached lies and instructing in the doctrine of devils."
_	During the same period, a conflict erupted between Stere and the independent Antisemitic politician A. C. Cuza, who had been one of his opponents in the election; after making use of the word "trivial" in reference to Stere's attitudes, Cuza was sued by the latter, and refused a challenge to face him in a duel (an additional aspect of the scandal was the accusation that Stere had purposely failed students who supported Cuza's policies).
_	"We entirely reject the accusation that our online publication "Complementary Healthcare: A Guide" contains any misleading or inaccurate claims about the benefits of complementary therapies.
_	Flynn claimed "there hasn't been a Jewish ambassador to Israel and I think that is a good decision – to avoid the accusation that they have gone native."
_	Johnson's campaign emphasised the accusation that Livingstone was guilty of tax evasion, for which Livingstone called Johnson a "bare-faced liar".
_	His friends advise him to fight against the accusation that he is mentally insane, but he only feels world-weary and depressed.
_	Finally, the judge observed: "I can say with a certain amount of confidence that nothing that has come before me can support the accusation that there was any politics in Shri Upadhyaya’s murder.
_	Brunhild defends herself against the accusation that she is responsible for Sigurd's death and accuses her brother Atli of responsibility.
_	With this letter a chest containing 300 sovereigns was sent; this gift was returned with a second letter containing the accusation that the coins were not made of gold but brass, and concluding, "Even if our friendship is gone, let there not be enmity between us."
_	Many different disagreements led to the fracture, for example; while at the Fourth SI Conference in London in December, 1960, in a discussion about the political nature of the SI, the Gruppe SPUR members disagreed with the core situationist stance of counting on a revolutionary proletariat; the accusation that their activities were based on a "systematic misunderstanding of situationist theses"; the understanding that at least one Gruppe SPUR member, sculptor Lothar Fischer, and possibly the rest of the group, were not actually understanding and/or agreeing with the situationist ideas, but were just using the SI to achieve success in the art market.
_	During the "Ends of the Earth" storyline, Mayor Jameson shuts down Horizon Labs (albeit without a court order) on the accusation that it conducts dangerous experiments and harbors criminals such as Morbius where Max Modell's lawyer Hector Baez had to fight the company's accusations.
_	The Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal refers to the accusation that teachers and principals in the Atlanta Public Schools (APS) district cheated on state-administered standardized tests and the subsequent fallout.
_	He denied the papal claim to primacy and the accusation that the reformers were schismatic.
_	The painters were also charged with selectively adopting the ancient Greek style, in that they left out noble themes and only focused on trivial daily life—leading to the accusation that they were creating art that supported the ideologies of the "bourgeoisie", or comfortable middle class.
_	This argument involves two disputed claims: first, that Edward IV of England was illegitimate, based on the accusation that his supposed father, Richard, Duke of York, was absent at the time when Edward is thought to have been conceived; and second, that the Plantagenet crown should have descended by male-preference cognatic primogeniture instead of agnatic primogeniture and conquest.
_	On 28 April local government minister Kafougouna Koné denied the accusation that the government manipulated the electoral list, saying that its problems were due to the lack of information available to the government.
_	Luther for a third time with the accusation that he resents authority and makes it look ridiculous by his meticulous observance of his monastic rule.
_	An early criticism centered on the accusation that Buchman had been expelled from Princeton University in the 1920s.
_	Rojek and Turner also level the accusation that there is "a sense of moral superiority about the correctness of the political views articulated" in cultural studies
_	The film argues that the Democratic Party had close ties to the Ku Klux Klan in the 19th and 20th centuries, including the accusation that Democratic President Woodrow Wilson supported the KKK and racial segregation, opposed anti-lynching legislation, manipulated New Deal legislation in the 1930s to keep African Americans from benefiting, and opposed civil rights legislation of the 1960s.
_	See issued its response to Mr Kenny's speech noting that "the accusation that the Holy See attempted "to frustrate an Inquiry in a sovereign, democratic republic as little as three years ago, not three decades ago", which Mr Kenny made no attempt to substantiate, is unfounded.
_	The Declaration cited the accusation that Watch Tower Society literature constituted a danger to Germany's peace and safety, and suggested the publications had been misunderstood by officials because of the bluntness of much of the language, which had been originally written in the United States for an American readership.
_	The 'hard fight' descended further into personalities; the accusation that Sadler had deserted Methodism for Anglicanism from worldly motives and now despised Methodists was repeated; countered by Sadler's supporters by an assertion that no orthodox Christian should vote for Marshall or Macaulay as they were both Socinians, which accusation the Whigs met with the revelation that Sadler was "sadly addicted to PROFANE SWEARING" and had ""attended" the SUNDAY parties of a certain Dowager not noted for keeping "all" the Ten Commandments"
_	King addressed the accusation that the Civil Rights Movement was "extreme", first disputing the label but then accepting it.
_	To the accusation that Douglas Devananda a cabinet minister and leader of the EPDP political party was involved in his murder and had previously threatened T. Maheswaran, Douglas had denied any responsibility.
_	However, since al-Sayegh was a "frail" man suffering from frequent attacks of asthsma, the accusation that he had been a getaway driver was criticised.
_	His tactics were the same as those he later practised in Ireland, leading to the accusation that he planned to centralise all power with the executive at the expense of the individual in defiance of constitutional liberties.
_	Not only were they coerced to admit to the crime of murdering the child, but also to blood libel, or the accusation that due to Jewish contempt for Christianity, Jews murder Christian children in order to use their blood for rituals.
_	Moderate Exclusionists became increasingly concerned at the turmoil generated by the Popish Plot which led to the execution of 22 largely innocent 'conspirators' and the accusation that the Queen had conspired to poison her husband.
_	Government charged them with sedition on the accusation that they created chaos in the country.
_	On Tuesday January 3, 2006, the prosecutor of Perugia added the name of Achille Toro, special prosecutor of Rome, to the list of people being investigated based on the accusation that he revealed official secrets.
_	The case revolves around the accusation that Neaira, a foreigner, married an Athenian citizen, and that she was attempting to pass off her own children as Athenian citizens.
_	His audience is stunned at the accusation that Capel was a murderer, objecting that he was not at the Appleton home on the day of the death; but Quin points out that strychnine is not soluble and would collect at the bottom of the decanter if placed there a week before.
_	In three separate letters to Cromwell the Duchess repeated the accusation that the Duke had 'set his women to bind me till blood came out at my fingers' ends, and pinnacled me, and sat on my breast till I spit blood, and he never punished them'.
_	Weiss himself has refuted these accusations, including the accusation that he called the elimination of Palestinians, enumerating specific ways by which Haaretz grossly misrepresented the content of his Facebook post.
_	The grand jury found there is probable cause in the accusation that the park knowingly hid design flaws with the ride, and concealed reports about rider injuries.
_	Thus, there might be softening of the accusation that the testimony flows from such as a bribe.
_	Jones denied the accusation that he concealed his arrests.
_	He reacts with the accusation that it is the work of the devil, whereupon Ray and Grace leave, while the father and son begin to reconcile.
_	On June 23, 2016, Jobson was arrested in northern Brazil under the accusation that he raped four teenage girls, aged 12 to 14, after luring them to a party with alcohol.
_	In response to the accusation that Dylan's depiction of female strategies is misogynistic, Ricks asks, "Could there ever be any challenging art about men and women where the accusation just didn't arise?"
_	In 872, when the deputy principal of the imperial university, Wei Yinyu (韋殷裕), submitted a petition accusing Consort Guo's brother, Guo Jingshu (郭敬述), who was then the administrator of the imperial armory, of various immoralities, Emperor Yizong was so incensed at the accusation that he arrested Wei and put him to death by caning, and further confiscated his household to be servants.
_	Another instance is the accusation that Leghaei was linked to a terrorist group in France called Ahul Bayt, due to the naming of the Islamic Centre he opened in Nigeria.
_	In March 1867, he was deposed by General Philip Sheridan under the Reconstruction Act of Congress, under the accusation that he had aided in the riot of July 30.
_	It was met with especially harsh criticism by the Roman Catholic Church for the accusation that it is behind a two-thousand-year-old cover-up concerning what the Holy Grail really is and the concept that Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene were married and that the union produced a daughter, and for its treatment of the organizations Priory of Sion and Opus Dei.
_	Abdullah Mujahid requested Haider as one of the witnesses who could refute the accusation that he was fired because he was suspected of collusion with anti-government forces.
_	In July 1300, Délicieux appealed the accusation that Castel Fabre, deceased in 1278 and buried at the Franciscan convent, was a heretic.
_	When the war ended on 28 February 1991, Sheikh Jaber remained in Saudi Arabia while declaring three months of martial law, causing the accusation that he was trying to monopolize too much power for the small constitutional monarchy.
_	A major theme in Old Man Murray criticism was the accusation that many new games failed to add any original ideas to the medium.
_	Anna Wala's charge sheet included the accusation that she had had close relationships with Jews (""... engere Beziehungen zu Juden"").
_	Simon Wilson, spokesperson for the Tate, commented that Emin included the set of tiny Berlin watercolours "as a riposte to the accusation that there are no paintings" in the Turner Prize exhibitions.
_	Ampim repeatedly makes the accusation that the Egyptian authorities are systematically destroying evidence that "proves" that the ancient Egyptians were black, under the guise of renovating and conserving the applicable temples and structures.
_	Debates within ethnic relations, particularly regarding the opposing perspectives of assimilationism and multiculturalism, have led to the accusation that feminism is incompatible with multiculturalist policy.
_	non-believers (as we will see, the accusation that Orientalists become
_	This has led to the accusation that the school has been putting their position in league tables above the interests of pupils.
_	As the perceived best player in the world, he had been expected to lead an average team to the title, as Maradona arguably did in 1986, but he had failed to replicate his performances at Barcelona with the national team, leading to the accusation that he cared less about his country than his club.
_	Huston quickly became unpopular with the Army, not only for the film but also for his response to the accusation that the film was anti-war.
_	It is implied that frequently divorcing women was contrary to Hasan's wisdom, therefore, that the accusation that he did so was false.
_	Many critiques of economics or economic policy begin from the accusation that abstract modelling is missing some key social phenomenon that needs to be addressed.
_	Another theory involves the accusation that O'Kelley had stolen Ford's diamond ring, and the dispute escalated.
_	During the investigation, he denied the accusation that he was the mastermind of the rally and finally was discharged.
_	The US based firm CyberSitter announced in January 2010 that it was suing the Chinese government, and other US companies, for stealing its anti pornography software, with the accusation that it had been incorporated into China's Green Dam program, used by the state to censor children's internet access.
_	A year after his death, a deputy in the Board of Works made a submission to the emperor appealing Li's innocence, arguing that since Li was already at the apex of honour, wealth and power, the accusation that he wanted to help "someone else" usurp the throne was clearly ridiculous.
_	In her response to this criticism in April 2016, Bouattia rejected the accusation that she had a problem with Jewish societies on-campus.
_	In a 2005 piece David Aaronovitch criticized Atzmon for writing in his essay "On Anti-Semitism" that "We must begin to take the accusation that the Jewish people are trying to control the world very seriously" and "American Jewry makes any debate on whether the 'Protocols of the Elders of Zion' are an authentic document or rather a forgery irrelevant.
_	The trial was based on the accusation that Michl listened to Radio Liberty, which was considered by the totalitarian regime as treason.
_	To counter the accusation that North Vietnam was violating the Geneva Accord, the independence of the Việt Cộng was stressed in communist propaganda.
_	Theodore Spandounes, a 16th-century historian records the accusation that Lazar poisoned her.
_	Other allegations included the accusation that the UCI had sought payment to cover up Alberto Contador's 2010 positive drug test, and that McQuaid made private arrangements with Lance Armstrong regarding drugs testing and race appearances.
_	On June 2009, Wang told to the Democratic Progressive Party legislators that the COA had commissioned the Rural Development Foundation to research information on Mainland Chinese agriculture to help cross-strait development, after the accusation that the foundation website only promoted Mainland China's agriculture policies instead of assisting agriculture development in foreign countries.
_	A survey conducted by the EU Agency for Fundamental Rights found out that in 2012, 40–50% of Swedish Jews had frequently heard the accusation that "Israelis behave to the Palestinians like the Nazis to the Jews".
_	The members of the joint session made against Gurevich the accusation that “he hampered the development of domestic psychiatry.”
_	In order to refute the accusation that Japan exploits knowledge from abroad without contributing any of its own, this project will stimulate original research and will make its results available to the international research community."
_	In one email released, a member of the WMUK board states "We should be glad that Shapps has a pretty safe seat, because if he lost his seat, we would be open to the accusation that the charity had acted in a partisan manner during an election period."
_	Urbina was executed by General Fierro under the accusation that he betrayed Pancho Villa during the "Battle of El Ébano" (Spanish: Batalla de El Ébano), a 72-day siege of the town of El Ébano in the state of San Luis Potosí, where Urbina finally surrendered his forces to the Constitutionalist faction, and allegedly received a sum of money for his surrender.
_	Other criticisms of Castaneda's work include the total lack of Yaqui vocabulary or terms for any of his experiences, and his refusal to defend himself against the accusation that he received his PhD from UCLA through deception.
_	He involved himself in the case of Annie Lee Moss, who had been brought before McCarthy's committee under the accusation that she was a Communist spy.
_	The Monkees playing on every track, to refute the accusation that they couldn't play their own instruments, and was regarded by all four members as their 'first album'.
_	This, plus the accusation that he might have profited from his access to secret government papers, led to a heated exchange between them.
_	Kyle Sampson responded to the accusation that his statement that the "real problem" with Lam dealt with the Cunningham investigation.
_	Clement's contemporary Tertullian rejects the accusation that Christians are "crucis religiosi" (i.e. "adorers of the gibbet"), and returns the accusation by likening the worship of pagan idols to the worship of poles or stakes.
_	Heathcote-Amory denied the accusation that his remarks were racist.
_	Choe Yong-dal admitted to mistakes, but claimed that the accusation that he had been participating in factionalism and creating independent power centres from the central party leadership was utterly false.
_	Its only other battle in Extreme was a grudge match with "Pussycat", in response to the accusation that the Pussycat team had broken an agreement with the Razer team during their series four heat.
_	Literally days before it was required to justify to the U.S. Supreme Court how it could imprison an American citizen for years without charges or access to a lawyer, the Bush administration suddenly indicted Padilla -- on charges unrelated to, and far less serious than, the accusation that he was A Dirty Bomber -- and then successfully convinced the Supreme Court to refuse to decide the legality of Padilla's imprisonment on the grounds of 'mootness', Greenwald opined.
_	Krupp presented a counterpoint to the objections, that Bauval stated had been made by the late Dr. Roy, who was a professor Emeritus of Astronomy at Glasgow University (including the accusation that Bauval and Gilbert deliberately inverted the pyramid map)..
_	In the Maxi Trial of 1986/1987, Leggio faced charges of helping to run the Corleonesi from behind bars, including the accusation that he ordered the murder of prosecutor Cesare Terranova, who was shot dead on 25 September 1979 along with his police bodyguard Lenin Mancuso.
_	"We entirely reject the accusation that our online publication "Complementary Healthcare: A Guide" contains any misleading or inaccurate claims about the benefits of complementary therapies.
_	He also rejected the accusation that he spent his time drinking in public houses, and another that he had neglected his two failed businesses.
_	In actual practice, the U.S. federal courts have been uneven in their decisions, which has led to the accusation that determinations are "ad hoc" and 'result-oriented.
_	Kerr remarked, "we saw a lot of ourselves in them and vice versa," and refuted the accusation that Simple Minds were merely joining the "new rock" led by U2.
_	General Walker was relieved of command in 1961 after the accusation that he and LTC Roberts had distributed John Birch Society literature to troops under them in that program.
_	Madonna and Pettibone were sued by VMG Salsoul in June 2012 based on the accusation that they had sampled the 1976 song "Love Break" by the Salsoul Orchestra.
_	Responding to the accusation that "It has been particularly objected to me that I have cared too much for the Chinese", Elliot wrote to Foreign Secretary Lord Aberdeen on 25 June 1842:
_	In 1843, Marr was expelled from Zürich under the accusation that he had furthered communist activities.
_	Although a note makes it clear that Nathaniel is his principal target, he also seems to include 'his brother Bobby' in the accusation that Lofft 'has spoiled some excellent shoemakers and been accessory to the poetic undoing of many of the industrious poor'.
_	It tells the story of a father dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer.
_	The widow of the late Labour MP angrily denied the accusation that he was a Russian spy and claimed that he had, in fact, carried out missions for MI6.
_	Barry Scheck of the Innocence Project has levied the accusation that racism played a role in the conviction, as he faced a completely Caucasian jury despite living in a community that is at least half African American.
_	The Soviet leader also dismissed the accusation that the USSR was exerting increasing control over the countries lying in its sphere.
_	Relating to the accusation that she had encouraged the Swiss Guard and the royalist defender against the attackers during the 10 August, she was asked:
_	This had led to the accusation that he was a poor administrator.
_	On October 1, Lyon printed an editorial which included charges that Adams had an "unbounded thirst for ridiculous pomp, foolish adulation, and selfish avarice," as well as the accusation that Adams' had corrupted the Christian religion to further his war aims.
_	Corona stated that he did nothing wrong to the president or to the people, that he did not steal from anyone, and that the 45 properties included double entries, properties belonging to his wife and in-laws, and denied the accusation that the World Bank loan was not his responsibility.
_	The split was caused by the accusation that the local branch in Långshyttan controlled the entire party municipality, and thus the entire municipality.
_	Paradoxically, probably the most powerful slogan of the communist propaganda in March was the accusation that the Jews were zealous communists.
_	Pakistan responded to the government of Afghanistan's position by rejecting the accusation that the merger was a "one-sided" decision.
_	Warham himself included a personal reply to the accusation that the Church courts ordered exorbitant fees, claiming he instituted reforms the year before.
_	Concerning the accusation that Socrates believed in strange spirits and not the gods of the state, Socrates shows that Meletus is saying that spirits are the offspring of gods, and since no one believes in flutes playing without flute players, or in horses' offspring without horses, Socrates could not believe in the offspring of gods without believing in gods.
_	Ya were subsequently also executed, along with a large number of Li Xun's associates, under the accusation that they had planned to overthrow Emperor Wenzong and support Zheng as the new emperor.
_	In December 2003, when Christoph Blocher, who was known in the first instance for his inflammatory anti-immigrant rhetoric, won a seat in the Swiss Federal Council, Littman defended him from charges of anti-Semitism, saying "I personally do not accept the accusation that he is anti-Semitic and await with interest the new policies he will propose for Switzerland."
_	While the "religious polemic used by both sides [..] is stereotyped, unspecific and to be found in other contexts", according to C. G. Hawting, there do appear to have been specific religious grievances, notably the accusation that the Umayyads were neglecting the ritual prayer.
_	Disraeli's public exchanges with O'Connell, extensively reproduced in "The Times", included a demand for a duel with the 60-year-old O'Connell's son (which resulted in Disraeli's temporary detention by the authorities), a reference to "the inextinguishable hatred with which [he] shall pursue [O'Connell's] existence", and the accusation that O'Connell's supporters had a "princely revenue wrung from a starving race of fanatical slaves".
_	There is no proof for either the accusation that she was a prostitute or the claim that she was of aristocratic descent.
_	In 2005 the Turkish Grand National Assembly (TGNA) sent a petition, signed by all its members, to the British parliament demanding an apology for the accusation that Turkey was guilty of genocide against the Armenians.
_	All the animals come chasing after him with the accusation that he has not kept his words.
_	Romaine with the accusation that she, a former actress, was Miss Mogson, and that the letters were fakes.
_	Davus parries these queries and the accusation that Davus is somehow plotting against him.
_	Similarly, in his 2004 book , Clinton aide Strobe Talbott confirms Clinton's misgivings about the massacre, pointing out that "he [Clinton] did not endorse the accusation that Pakistan was behind the violence since the US had no independent confirmation."
_	Other factors such as the accusation that scientists were mismanaging money, and the concern of LSD causing chromosome damage in 1969 led to further negative attitudes toward the study.
_	Bangladesh Army strongly denied the accusation that Lieutenant Ferdous or any other member of the army was involved in the abduction of Kalpana Chakma.
_	After recanting, Loos was under constant watch by religious officials, and was briefly imprisoned several more times, under the accusation that he had relapsed into theological error.
_	The couple was derisively nicknamed "Cash and Cary", although in an extensive prenuptial agreement Grant refused any financial settlement in the event of a divorce, to avoid the accusation that he married for money.
_	In the political atmosphere of the 1930s, the accusation that there was a conspiracy to destroy the Soviet Union was not incredible, and few outside observers were aware of the events inside the Communist Party that had led to the purge and the trials.
_	Beall gave for adding MDPI to his list of questionable publishers was the accusation that the company listed Nobel Prize–winning geneticist Mario Capecchi in one of the editorial board without his knowledge.
_	The allegation included the accusation that the complainant was removed as an Assistant Inspector General following these communications.
_	One of Granholm's most prominent lines of attack was the accusation that Alticor, under DeVos's tenure, outsourced thousands of jobs to China while cutting 1,400 jobs in Michigan, a charge that the DeVos campaign and numerous media factcheckers denied.
_	In 1824, Anthimus III was deposed by Sultan Mahmud II because he refused to cooperate with him against the Greek Revolution, and with the accusation that he favoured the independence of the Serbs from the Ottoman Empire.
_	In regards to the accusation that his supporters were wasting their votes, Esposito replied: "[A] vote for our independent ticket is not a wasted vote.
_	The play was written as a "detective play," focusing on the accusation that Kazablan was guilty of an attempted murder by stabbing.
_	First, there is evidence in the record supporting the accusation that EPA "cherry picked" its data.
_	A UN official made the accusation that Israel used a school in Gaza as a military base.
_	Miss Lynn stated in the accusation that Winfrey had persuaded her that they had been married during the illegal operation.
_	Joshua McWhorter, "Tekken" General organizer for Final Round 19, described the state of the show as "inexcusable", though he took issue with the accusation that his staff did not go all out on providing a "great experience".
_	There were more difficulties in the 14th century with the abbey being seized by the Crown in 1339 due to the accusation that 'the abbey had been acquired in defiance of the Statute of Mortmain,' though the abbot was quickly able to prove otherwise.
_	It is likely that upon his return to Zeta, Đurađ was kidnapped by the Venetian agents and sent to Constantinople under the accusation that he had been organizing a Holy War against Islam.
_	Johnson's campaign emphasised the accusation that Livingstone was guilty of tax evasion, for which Livingstone called Johnson a "bare-faced liar".
_	Vosse described Brian's use of drugs as "the biggest red herring in [his] story I've heard so far," and rebuked the accusation that Brian was "some kind of nut".
_	This started the accusation that Darna was a Wonder Woman rip-off.
_	Despite his foreign birth and the accusation that his brother-in-law was a Trotskyist, Fisher narrowly escaped the Great Purge.
_	On 20 July Geoffrey Bwalya Mwamba, the vice president of the UPND, was arrested along with several party officials with the accusation that they were trying to start a private militia.
_	The circumstances of Howell's death and the many rumours about his dishonesty and double dealings led to the accusation that he had used letters in his possession to blackmail prominent persons.
_	A main point in the case was the accusation that the names listed on the original petition were fraudulent and would have to be checked for legal residency.
_	It opened with a play on the accusation that gay people recruit impressionable youth into their numbers: "My name is Harvey Milk—and I want to recruit you."
_	Family pride, it is said, drove the father of Cristóvão to keep his son under strict surveillance in his own house for five years, while the lady's parents, objecting to the youth's small means, put her into the Cistercian convent of Lorvão, and there endeavoured to wean her heart from him by the accusation that he coveted her fortune more than her person.
_	"In so far as a formal pretext for the latest discussion was found in the foreword to my book on "1917," I consider it my duty, first of all, to refute the accusation that I had published the book without the knowledge of the Central Committee.
_	In response, the Colony's leader suggests the accusation that this could be in addition to the Galactic Alliance having deliberately selected the worlds of the nebula because they were meant to kill the Killiks with the Fizz for the trouble they caused at Qoribu.
_	It included the accusation that Hobbes used purely verbal tactics, preferring his own semantics of a term such as "air", to cast doubt on the existence of a vacuum.
_	In extolling his own side, Lughaidh emphasised the historical defence of Tara, rather than the internecine struggle for the high-kingship of Ireland; Tadhg's response referred to the achievements of his patron's ancestor, Brian Boru, and pooh-poohed the former martial feats of the Eremonians as consisting merely of battles among themselves; the northern poets (whose allegiance lay with the exiled Ulster princes) countered with the accusation that Tadhg was betraying the bardic profession in his failure to comprehend the truth of the noble history of the Gael.
_	The Russian government has denied the accusation that the screening was related to the raid.
_	The "Catechism" is a defense against the accusation that Catholic doctrine is superstitious:
_	Blunt objects to the accusation that Lucetta is a whore.
_	Nuhr objects to the accusation that he would be stirring up hatred against Islam.
_	He was transferred to Shingū Elementary School because of the accusation that he used violence on a student eight years ago.
_	During this time in the 1980s, the issue of cot death was extremely prominent in the British press, partly due to an increase in casualties, but also because a doctor had gone public with the accusation that parents were to blame for the tragic occurrence.
_	Ollman appeared on "Hannity & Colmes" to face the accusation that as Sean Hannity's professor in the 1980s, he had given Hannity a lower grade for being a conservative supporter of Ronald Reagan..
_	The letter began with the accusation that the Azerbaijanis, being the disciples of the Turks and the Germans, could not be trusted.
_	Jayfeather believes it may be Mothwing, medicine cat of RiverClan, divisions in StarClan and the medicine cats, due to the accusation that Jayfeather murdered Flametail in "Night Whispers", makes it difficult to speak to Mothwing.
_	I had just begun, and Malta’s British governor accepted the accusation that Dimech was a spy of Germany (then at war with Britain), and surreptitiously deported him to the island to Sicily, in Italy (as yet a neutral country in the war).
_	In the presence of Rodham at a press conference, Rubin levelled the accusation that Wiley was hiding his Jewish faith by changing his name from his birth name, Michael Schreibman, and that Wiley "changed his name before the campaign to deceive voters about his Jewish religion."
_	Diluwa Khutugtu Jamsrangjab was arrested in 1930 due to the accusation that he was linked with the so-called anti-communist leader, Eregdendagva.
_	The French government were agitated by the accusation that they had kidnapped or murdered Bathurst and replied in their official journal, Le Moniteur Universel:
_	A few weeks before the election a scandal broke over the accusation that Lenihan had phoned the President, Patrick Hillery in 1982, asking him not to dissolve the Dáil following the fall of Garret FitzGerald's government.
_	New Democracy and CIA leveled the accusation that the PASOK political party was behind the creation of 17 November and Revolutionary People's Struggle (ELA) another Greek far left terrorist organization.
_	"Denial of responsibility" – that is, the accusation that others are to blame or that something forced the student to cheat – is the most common form of neutralization among college students who cheated, with 61% of cheaters using this form of justification.
_	At her trial, a great deal of negative evidence, including the accusation that she speculated in beef, was presented.
_	After the fight, Schilling's camp made the accusation that the sweep that Marcus used to daze him initially was illegal and appealed to the Nevada State Athletic Commission to have the bout result overturned to a no contest, which was rejected.
_	The decisive fundamental affirmations (on Mary) are compromises, which narrow the richness of the existing faith and open the way to divergent interpretations, such as the accusation that the Council eliminated the Mediatrix teachings.
_	In the presence of Rodham at a press conference, Rubin levelled the accusation that Wiley was hiding his Jewish faith by changing his name from his birth name, Michael Schreibman, and that Wiley "changed his name before the campaign to deceive voters about his Jewish religion."
_	David Sindelar defends the film against the accusation that it departs entirely from the novel.
_	Lopez vehemently denied the allegation as libel, but maintained the accusation that Araneta is an elitist, who refuses to address people of impoverished backgrounds due to her grandiose ego.
_	The events that led to the exclusion were: during the Fourth SI Conference in London (December 1960), in a discussion about the political nature of the SI, Spur group disagreed with the core situationist stance of counting on a revolutionary proletariat; the accusation that their activities were based on a "systematic misunderstanding of situationist theses"; the fact that at least one Spur member, Lothar Fischer, and possibly the rest of the group, were not actually understanding and/or agreeing with the situationist ideas, but were just using the SI to get success in the art market.
_	The President of the NTEU dismissed the accusation that academics are running their own agendas in the classroom as "nonsense".
_	In response to the accusation that "We would expect the BBC to take greater care with the portrayal of alcohol in programmes", the BBC released a statement tying the complaint closely to the alcoholism storyline being played out with Kyla at the time, explaining that: ""Holby" City is in the middle of a storyline in which a key character (Kyla) has spiralling problems in her personal and professional life because of alcohol — a storyline that fully and realistically depicts the negative impact of alcohol dependency in the workplace.
_	This led to the long-running campaign organised to restore the unions by the civil service unions and the Trades Union Congress (TUC), which united all members in anger at the accusation that people belonging to unions could not be relied upon to be loyal to their own country.
_	The "O.K" in the title refers to the initials of the protagonist, Osaki Kim, but together with the first part of the game's name is also a play on the accusation that video game violence is being considered normal by manufacturers and gamers.
_	For example, the accusation that Anne Boleyn and her brother George Boleyn had committed incest was one of the reasons that both siblings were executed in May 1536.
_	When a newspaper published a political cartoon portraying railroad tycoon Collis Potter Huntington leading the governor around on a leash, Gage was so incensed by the accusation that he ramrodded a censorship bill through the California State Legislature, restricting the press whenever editorial content involved politics or politicians.
_	The links between New Age and commercial products have resulted in the accusation that New Age itself is little more than a manifestation of consumerism.
_	But Kurti continued to function as a priest was required which saw him arrested upon the accusation that he was colluding with spies.
_	Given this context, the accusation that stigmatized Zhu as a North Korean spy also implied that Zhu followed Kim Il-sung's revisionist line defying the orthodox Maoist dogma of the CCP.
_	Stevens filed a dissenting opinion in which he specifically attacked the majority opinion on that point, among others; he began and ended his dissent with the accusation that the majority "does not appreciate the value of individual liberty".
_	In response to the accusation, which implied that Singapore had retained control of the FIR to benefit financially at the expense of Indonesians, Singapore authorities swiftly rebuked the accusation that "(a)ll RANS charges that Singapore collects on behalf of Indonesia are remitted to the Directorate-General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) Indonesia, less the bank transfer costs.
_	They are incensed by the liberalizing reforms of the 1962-65 Second Vatican Council, which condemned hatred for the Jews and rejected the accusation that Jews are collectively responsible for deicide in the form of the crucifixion of Christ."
_	Peter Gordon, in a long review of Faye's book raises a handful of objections, including the accusation that Faye lets his own philosophical leanings prevent him from treating Heidegger fairly.
_	Implicit throughout Saddam's rejection of "the Khomeini religion" was the accusation that any Iran-centered practice of Islam was shu‘ubiya—a term originally applied to non-Arab Muslims, mainly Persians, who resisted Arab claims to be the prime inheritors of the prophet.
_	As educated elites in Western societies increasingly rejected the efficacy of magical practices, legal systems ceased to threaten practitioners of magical activities with punishment for the crimes of diabolism and witchcraft, and instead threatened them with the accusation that they were defrauding people through promising to provide things which they could not.
_	Another common tactic among populists, particularly in Europe, is the accusation that "the elites" place the interests of immigrants above those of the native population.
_	He finally countered the accusation that he was a Jacobin with an open letter with the title "An meine Mitbürger" ("To my fellow citizens"), in which he strongly denied having been pleased at the King's death.
_	Reacting to the accusation Allison explained that his experiment was independent of Clark's, and returned the accusation that while he was his student Clark had claimed two works as his own, which were not.
_	In the presence of Rodham at a press conference, Rubin leveled the accusation that Wiley was hiding his Jewish faith by changing his name from his birth name, Michael Schreiber, and that Wiley "changed his name before the campaign to deceive voters about his Jewish religion."
_	Australia coach Andrej Lemanis rejected the accusation that they tanked, saying he rested his players for the next stage due to the heavy tournament schedule, adding that: "We always, as Australians, compete the right way".
_	Spring 73 BC: In the titular story of the collection, Gordianus is called to the Temple of Vesta in the middle of the night, to see if there is any truth to the accusation that Lucius Sergius Catalina has had an affair with a Vestal Virgin.
_	With regards to the accusation that Bahá'ís held many prominent positions in the government of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, there is no empirical study that endeavours to determine the truth of such an accusation.
_	"The Black Album" features songs such as the hip hop parody "Dead on It", which playfully makes the accusation that all MCs are tone-deaf and unable to sing, and the playful "Cindy C.", which refers to supermodel Cindy Crawford.
_	Minkin rejected the accusation that Most broke with Goldman and married her because he wanted a wife who would take a domestic role.
_	In turn, this has led to the accusation that Marxists cannot satisfactorily specify what capitalism and socialism really are, nor how to get from one to the other—quite apart from failing to explain satisfactorily why socialist revolutions failed to produce the desirable kind of socialism.
_	In the following February, 70-year-old Oromo elder Dandana Gurmu was arrested on the accusation that he was a supporter of the OLF.
_	On 1 July 1871, Kovalevsky was brought to the court of the St. Petersburg judicial chamber on the accusation that without necessarily taking part in the plot to overthrow the existing order of control in Russia, he contributed in providing accommodation for Sergey Nechayev.
_	Ed goes to temple with the accusation that he ordered Blacky's beatings and had him run off, but Temple denies it.
_	The anthropologist Sarah Blaffer Hrdy, writing in "The Woman That Never Evolved" (1981), argued that a reading of the book refutes the accusation that Wilson aims to use sociobiology to reinforce traditional sex roles.
_	Those figures should finally put to rest the accusation that the Opposition spokesperson on social welfare consistently makes that these outstanding figures for the reduction in those on the unemployment benefit are as a result of a transfer to another benefit.
_	He transposed a few incidents from Mark's gospel to the time of the Apostles—for example, the material about "clean" and "unclean" foods in Mark 7 is used in Acts 10, and Mark's account of the accusation that Jesus has attacked the Temple (Mark 14:58) is used in a story about Stephen (Acts 6:14).)
_	A great flap ensues, which is calmed down by the accusation that the Mayor's chauffeur obviously hadn't disabled the car when he left it, which takes the wind out of the angry Mayor's sails.
_	The official reason behind this repression was the accusation that Aliyev never reported his parents' social origin; aggravated by the fact that his sister lived in Iran.
_	Following the fight, Schilling's camp made the accusation that the sweep that Marcus used to daze him initially was illegal and appealed to the Nevada State Athletic Commission to have the bout result overturned to a no contest, which was rejected.
_	Warnke has criticized Canada's First Past The Post electoral system, and rejects the accusation that the Green Party was responsible for vote-splitting on the left in the 2004 federal election.
_	Harry, however, fires back with the accusation that Sharon has been protecting Phillip and that he was witness to her meeting with him the previous night.
_	In response to the accusation that he unfairly claims to be using NLP whenever he performs, Brown writes "The truth is I have never mentioned it outside of my book".
_	This led to the accusation that the Church was actually opposing the struggle as recently had been initiated by the ANC and later UNIP.
_	The scene was so graphic and realistic that several crew members were forced to testify in court to disprove the accusation that real dogs were used in the film.
_	Andy Haden made the accusation that the Crusaders racially discriminate because they select different races on the basis that they are suited to different positions.
_	Smollett's family have rejected the accusation that he was a spy.
_	This mode of access opens NetTutor to several criticisms, such as the accusation that tutors have an interest in exhausting the tutoring hours paid for, in order to get them to purchase more, or, on the other hand, that the tutor may rush the tutorial session by providing an answer to do more sessions and enable the learner to engage in academic dishonesty.
_	During the reign of Abdul Hamid II, he was arrested several times by the Ottoman authorities on the accusation that he was planning to re-establish an Ibadi imamate or emirate in the Jabal Nefusa.
_	Association member concerns included Yandell's youth, the accusation that Yandell's friends and family within the association had influenced the executive committee vote, a belief the design should have included a soldier, and skepticism of the total construction expense and monument stability.
_	He complained that some of the archdiocese's priests "have a good part of mulatto" and made the accusation that they had "hidden" that their "progenitors had been slaves, and descendants of blacks that were introduced into this island from Guinea."
_	Momen the accusation that there was some immorality among the Babis at the conference following the abrogation of the Islamic Sharia is confirmed by some Bábí and Bahá'í sources.
_	In press interviews, Reed is often asked to respond to the accusation that his appointment to the family business was an act of nepotism; he has consistently offered unqualified agreement.
_	Clement's contemporary Tertullian also rejects the accusation that Christians are "crucis religiosi" (i.e. "adorers of the gibbet"), and returns the accusation by likening the worship of pagan idols to the worship of poles or stakes.
_	Dilxat Raxit, the Sweden-based spokesman for the World Uyghur Congress, replied to the accusation that "Uighurs already find it very difficult to get passports, how can they run off to Syria?"
_	He also stated that the accusation that Perl is a write-only language could be avoided by coding with "proper care".
_	On 26 January 945, however, at the urging of their sister, the "Augusta" Helena, another coup removed the two Lekapenoi from power under the accusation that they attempted to poison Constantine VII, and restored the sole imperial authority to the latter.
_	During the investigation of the 1998 riot, Anton Medan denied the accusation that he was actively involved behind the scenes, although he admitted that he was in the middle of the mob.
_	Alexander Cockburn was being interviewed by C-SPAN when a caller leveled the accusation that "Anti-Semitism is thought of as a right-wing phenomenon traditionally, however, you left-wingers using Israel's struggle for survival, as an excuse, are the anti-Semites of the last quarter of the 20th Century and you're on your way in the 21st Century."
_	Hence the accusation that he was "too iambic" (see Biography) referred not to his choice of meter but his subject matter and tone (for an example of his iambic verse see Strasbourg papyrus).
_	In 1833 he was imprisoned at Mérida due to the accusation that he is supposed-to-be connection to Carlism, but he managed to escape to Portugal
