_	Between 11 and 16 November 2005 White cross-examined Colonel Bagosora obtaining the admission that Bagosora had been just outside the office door where ten Belgian UN peacekeepers had sought refuge and were under attack by Rwandan Government Forces on the morning of 7 April 1994.
_	Post stunned two friends with the admission that he thought he was going to die.
_	Crick speculated that the claims attributed to Frankford, in particular the admission that he had "committed the crime of taking part in the armed rising of Fascists against the anti-Fascist Government", may have been the inspiration for the "bizarre and pathetic" confessions made by characters in George Orwell's "Animal Farm".
_	Eventually, "he stumbled upon the admission that he wanted the fairy girl – in the flesh."
_	In it, Mohr recounts, among other things, his battles with panic attacks, being intimidated by castmates Rob Schneider and Ellen Cleghorne, his conflicts with Al Franken, his admiration for deceased castmates Chris Farley and Phil Hartman, the admission that he stole material from actor/comedian Rick Shapiro, and being depressed about his lack of sketch appearances.
_	Onerva made the admission that Inari's love life and fate were based on hers.
_	Perhaps in the very combination of opposites—what either of the two Thomases, of Norwich and Cromarty, might have been willing to call "the Caledonian antisyzygy"—we have a reflection of the contrasts which the Scot shows at every turn, in his political and ecclesiastical history, in his polemical restlessness, in his adaptability, which is another way of saying that he has made allowance for new conditions, in his practical judgement, which is the admission that two sides of the matter have been considered.
_	Despite the admission that American Eagle might have utilized very similar materials, designs, in-store displays, symbols, color combinations, and patterns as A&F, the court ruled that there was not an excessive level of similarity to confuse potential customers, and therefore the court ruled in favor of American Eagle.
_	There would be an intimacy with high command that hinted at real events, but with the admission that literary license would be freely practiced.
_	He drew from Chamberlain the admission that whilst troops had been held in readiness to be sent to Norway, no troopships had been retained to send them in.
_	Edward Jones also agreed to disclose on its public website information regarding revenue sharing payments including the admission that "Edward Jones' receipt of revenue sharing payments creates a potential conflict of interest in the form of an additional financial incentive and financial benefit to the firm, its financial advisors and equity owners in connection with the sale of products from these product partners."
_	The BBC noted that Valdivia's apology, followed by the admission that he was a little boy who wears diapers, seemed "insincere at times," and that Valdivia's constant wincing, eye rolling, and glances towards Lininger "made it seem as though the apology was more about settling a personal vendetta than clearing up the record on whether or not epidemiologists are more valuable than doctors (they are.)"
_	Despite the admission that their representative had been mistaken in granting a dissolution, the Colonial Office and the British government remained in his favour.
_	Though the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) renewed WNAC-TV's license in 1969, RKO General lost the license in 1981 after its parent company, General Tire, admitted to a litany of corporate misconduct – which among other things, included the admission that General Tire had committed financial fraud over illegal political contributions and bribes – as part of a settlement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
_	Neither is contradiction in the admission that being a dubious business it represented a very great political victory to Ferdinand and Isabella as it finished what still remained from the Juana’ s party.""
_	Dumas paints Colbert as an uncouth and ruthless schemer who stops at little, in contrast to the more refined Fouquet, counselled by Aramis: but in the end does, albeit in only a few cursory sentences, end up with the admission that Colbert's reforms have brought greater prosperity to the nation, and that he intends to be wiser in the choice of things to spend the restored prosperity on.
_	When the Pharisee, “in order to justify himself,” asked, “Who is my neighbor?” he presumably thought that this might develop into a very protracted inquiry, so that it would perhaps take a very long time and then perhaps end with the admission that it was impossible to define the concept “neighbor” with absolute accuracy – for this very reason he asked the question, to find an escape, to waste time, and to justify himself.
_	In January 2009, he took the Central Bank of Ireland and Ernst & Young to task for their failings leading up to the nationalisation of Anglo Irish Bank, In his capacity as Senator, Ross pressed Allied Irish Bank executives on the bank's fraudulent offshore dealings involving subsidiaries and Caribbean front operations, charging that the only party to be disciplined in the affair was the whistleblower who brought it to light and forcing from the bank's CEO Eugene Sheehy, the admission that the institution may have been in breach of the Companies Act.
_	Though the FCC renewed channel 7's license in 1969, RKO General lost the license in 1981 after General Tire admitted to a litany of corporate misconduct – which among other things, included the admission that General Tire had committed financial fraud over illegal political contributions and bribes – as part of a settlement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
_	This is usually followed with the admission that this was "when all of the people could talk to the animals, and all of the animals could speak with the people".
_	According to an Arab source of the "Guardian", Perle sent a Saudi official the following terms for Iraq to fulfill to prevent war: "Saddam's abdication and departure, first to a US military base for interrogation and then into supervised exile, a surrender of Iraqi troops, and the admission that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction.
_	Mohammed also made the admission that he was "responsible for the 1993 World Trade Center Operation," which killed six and injured more than 1,000 when a bomb was detonated in an underground garage, Mohammed did not plan the attack, but he may have supported it.
_	PopMatters writer Jedd Beaudoin concluded his review of the album with the admission that "It's retread music, purely, simply, unapologetically.
_	In Stove's words, "Nothing fatal to empiricist philosophy of science ... follows from the admission that arguments from the observed to the unobserved are "not the best"; unless this assumption was combined, as it was with Hume, with the fatal assumption that "only the best will do" [emphasis original]."
_	He makes, however, the admission that the book was preserved for several generations by oral tradition.
_	Nor does it allow the admission that the choices may in fact not be two (true or false), but may be as many as four,
_	Four days prior, despite the admission that he was "high" on drugs, the Philippine National Police (PNP) stated that "may have turned out negative because he took a low-grade variant or a small quantity of "shabu"".
_	The central characteristics of critical pedagogy are offered with the admission that his "take" reflects his own biases.
_	However, Penrose also wrote things that were inconsistent with the line advanced by big cattlemen, such as the admission that the cattleman invaders had started north with the goal of targeting 70 specific people, including Nate Champion.
_	This position was given further support by Rahman's own evidence and that of his witnesses, with the admission that candidates for Tower Hamlets First required Rahman's personal approval.
_	In February 1870, however, a shareholders'meeting voted for a committee of inquiry, passed a motion of no confidence in the board and called upon it to resign: this followed the admission that the company solicitor had been so dilatory in his completion of land purchases that the owners of land taken for construction of the original line some sixteen years ago had not yet received the purchase money, and were instead being paid interest at up to 10% per year on the sum owed them.
_	He cheekily prefaced the song with the admission that while he may not be a talented singer, he can certainly hold a tune; and to verify his claim, he proposed to sing the entire song in one breath.
_	The announcement of court protection and the admission that operations at all Nova branches would be temporarily shut down shocked the estimated 420,000 Nova students as some of them had paid their tuition in advance and feared their money might not be refunded.
_	Picard had originally sought to recover $1 billion from the Wilpon family and Katz, but settled for $162 million along with the admission that neither the Wilpons nor Katz had any knowledge of the Ponzi scheme.
_	They end by making the admission that "We love each other a bit much and we believe it".
