_	Court, after more than 11 years of consideration, decided that the use of the expressions "destructive", and "pseudo-religious" on the associations, and the allegation that they "manipulated their members", did not satisfy the requirements of constitutional law.
_	In September 2013, in the Jashpur district of Chhattisgarh, a woman was murdered and her daughter was raped on the allegation that they were practicing black magic.
_	RSF strenuously rejects the allegation that it is the "political wing" of the Continuity IRA, as it denies any assertion that the latter is its "military wing".
_	It investigates the allegation that Herbalife is a pyramid scheme, and follows Bill Ackman's short investment in Herbalife, which is ostensibly a billion-dollar bet that the company will soon collapse.
_	The Palace strongly denied the allegation that the Duke had acted as a "fixer" calling the article "untrue, defamatory and a breach of the editor's code of conduct."
_	To date, the allegation that Biwott was involved in the murder of Dr Robert Ouko has never been factually substantiated.
_	In a report released 18 April, Human Right Watch stated that they had "not found evidence to support the allegation that members of al-Qaeda or any other armed group were meeting in the mosque."
_	Arul Kanda denied the allegation that he gave false bank statements to Bank Negara.
_	In an October 26, 2008, in an article published by ''The Spokesman-Review", Marr categorically denied the allegation that upper management ignored Dawn Fowler’s complaints, and questioned the timing of the story.
_	The industries which have been banned based on the allegation that they are connected to the Tigers, should be given the licenses once again, and they should also be adequately compensated.
_	When he arrived in Moscow, he was arrested under the allegation that he was a spy of the Communistic Party of Yugoslavia.
_	I am absolutely certain that the allegation that this is anything to do with the security services or GCHQ [...] is being put out by newspapers, who I think feel rather guilty that they are using plainly tapped telephone calls."
_	President Harry S Truman, not pleased with the allegation that the man who had presided over the United Nations Charter Conference was a Communist, dismissed the case as a "red herring".
_	If they could prove that Beck was in South America at the time when John Smith was committing his crimes and went to prison for them, they could undermine the allegation that Adolph Beck was John Smith.
_	The arrest warrant is based on the allegation that senior Iranian officials planned the attack in an August 1993 meeting, including Khamanei, the Supreme Leader, Mohammad Hejazi, the then Khamanei's intelligence and security advisor, Rafsanjani, then president, Fallahian, then intelligence minister, and Ali Akbar Velayati, then foreign minister.
_	But the most careful examination of the stone with a magnifying glass, lends no support to the allegation that the last figure has been altered."
_	There have been studies similar to this, which supports the allegation that underage consumption of alcohol is in correlation with the exposure of alcohol ads.
_	The song makes the allegation that some members of US police forces are members of the Ku Klux Klan, whose symbol is the burning cross.
_	It found "insufficient evidence" to confirm the allegation that DOJ employees sought to influence the conversion of Inslaw's bankruptcy or commit perjury to conceal the attempt to do so.
_	The "New American apartheid" refers to the allegation that US drug and criminal policies in practice target blacks on the basis of race.
_	His supporters spread the allegation that Boniface had treated him harshly and ultimately executed Pietro, but there is no clear historical evidence of this.
_	According to "CNN", four sources familiar with the allegation that Jackson drunkenly banged on the door of a female colleague confirmed that it did happen.
_	The conspirators make a fool of Raju, as a result of which he causes the police to raid Gajendra's house, on the allegation that the house is being used as a brothel.
_	The denial of their request caused an outcry, and the king's officers were cursed as knights of Elizabeth with the allegation that the Scottish king had been bought with English angels (a reference to the pension the king received from England).
_	In response to the request, the Australian Federal Police began an investigation into the allegation that Getax had bribed Nauruan opposition MPs.
_	A number of studies focused on the allegation that law enforcement favored Jews over African Americans, including one that refuted the allegation.
_	During his tenure as the Vice-Chancellor, he had to face tough situations like the allegation that the University colleges were being used as a training centre for Naxalites.
_	The Church report also considered the allegation that the US government involved itself in the 1973 coup:
_	Densmore, Krieger and Manzarek have denied the allegation that Morrison exposed himself on stage that night.
_	Verres may have had a more decent character than that with which Cicero, the primary source of information, credits him, but there is no evidence to counter the allegation that he stood preeminent among the worst specimens of Roman provincial governors.
_	Those fraternities appealed to the imperial government the next month with the allegation that the matter was not just a spiritual matter which meant an imperial review could be undertaken.
_	Two interviewees, Neil Constantine and Robin Weiss, cite examples supporting the allegation that Leung misrepresented their words in a "surely intentional" manner.
_	The statement was posted on the Digital Spy Forum by a viewer including the allegation that Goody was the charity's patron.
_	In 1998 TV producer Mark Phillips with his Mark Phillips Philms & Telephision put "Lie Detector" back on the air on the FOX Network—on that program Ed Gelb with host Marcia Clark questioned Mark Fuhrman about the allegation that he "planted the bloody glove".
_	As such, the allegation that genocide took place during the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971 was never investigated by an international tribunal set up under the auspices of the United Nations.
_	Under the limited review permitted by the 1972 Supreme Court ruling in "Kleindienst v. Mandel", the panel concluded that the "record does not establish that the consular officer who denied the visa confronted Ramadan with the allegation that he had knowingly rendered material support to a terrorist organization, thereby precluding an adequate opportunity for Ramadan to attempt to satisfy the provision that exempts a visa applicant from exclusion under the 'material support' subsection if he 'can demonstrate by clear and convincing evidence that [he] did not know, and should not reasonably have known, that the organization was a terrorist organization.'"
_	These theories include the allegation that the mass fatality at Jonestown in 1978 was connected to an MKUltra experiment.
_	Hale also declined to remove the allegation that Plaintiff Nwanguma, who is African-American, was victim to ethnic, racial and sexist slurs at the rally from the crowd.
_	Furthermore, "the allegation that Irving is a racist is also established."
_	Later, the director comes up against the Red Scare of the 1950s, the Kennedys, the wave of change in the 1960s, and his hatred of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Examined here is the allegation that he had an 'abnormal' sexual life, along with his obsession with his dead mother.
_	The issue that was troubling the Justice Ministry was not the allegation that vom Rath had had a sexual relationship with Grynszpan – they knew that to be false, and in fact they knew Grynszpan had told some of his fellow prisoners at Sachsenhausen that it was false.
_	In 2017 the publicity office of the Pakistan Army (Inter-Services Public Relations) produced an anthem for the stone-pelters, entitled "Sangbaaz" ("stone-pelters,) the lyrics refer to the allegation that soldiers shoort rubber bullets at rock-throwers eyes to blind them, "You can snatch out our eyes, but you cannot snatch our dreams."
_	He notes, for instance, that a 1977 Soviet work titled "International Zionism: History and Politics" contains the allegation that most major Wall Street financial institutions are "large financial-industrial Jewish monopolies" exercising control over many countries in the world.
_	Republicans elected with Tea Party support in 2010, most notably Governor Scott Walker of Wisconsin, have launched major efforts against public sector unions due in part to state government pension obligations along with the allegation that the unions are too powerful.
_	It said that the call by Frank Bailey, particularly the allegation that Wooten had lied on his job application, demonstrated knowledge that could only have come from Wooten's private file.
_	Asom rebutes the allegation that the ULFA have ties with the Directorate General of Forces Intelligence or the Inter-Services Intelligence, but added they are "acutely aware of who is what.
_	Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer made the allegation that these attacks were staged one month later, but was rebuked by the Red Cross for relying on an unverified internet blog in making his accusation.
_	An ARSA spokesman denied the allegation that it was behind the killings and accused Buddhist nationalists of spreading lies to divide Hindus and Muslims.
_	In 2013 Hefajat-e-Islam was reformed after the allegation that some of the protesters in the Shahbag protests, were involved in publishing of content offensive to Muslims on blogs, including the depiction of Muhammad as a pornographic character.
_	He denied the allegation that he did so.
_	CNN reported that the Ecuadorian government had called the allegation that Correa knowingly promoted a corrupt officer to head the police "unacceptable, malicious and reckless."
_	In November 2016, the parliament of Uganda set up a select committee to investigate alleged mismanagement at Uganda Telecom, including the allegation that UGX:1.5 billion is missing from petty cash through theft from long term staff in the finance department over a period of many years.
_	After a week of intense pressure focusing not only on the allegation that his staff had acted improperly, but also that he himself had misled Parliament, the media and his Prime Minister about his knowledge and involvement, Benson-Pope offered his resignation from Cabinet at noon on Friday 27 July 2007.
_	At the time, Boutilier described himself as "damn well pissed off" about the spill and about the allegation that CN had neglected to report that the spill contained carcinogenic chemical, and pledged "to bring to the full extent of the law anyone who has breached Alberta law."
_	Overall the committee "did not think that these matters were sufficient to constitute a serious breach of editorial standards" and found that "the programme had provided appropriate and balanced information around the allegation that violent men had infiltrated F4J".
_	In response to a post regarding the Plebgate scandal (stemming from the allegation that then Chief Whip Andrew Mitchell called a police officer a "pleb" when leaving Downing Street), the former Minister for Policing Nick Herbert described the "silly blog" as representing a "hot-headed minority" of possibly corrupt police officers opposed to reform", and claimed that Inspector Gadget was not actually an inspector.
_	An ARSA spokesman denied the allegation that it was behind the killings and accused Buddhist nationalists of spreading lies to divide Hindus and Muslims.
_	Fueled by the allegation that the tunnel would undermine the Temple Mount, Palestinians protested.
_	Republicans elected with Tea Party support in 2010, most notably Governor Scott Walker of Wisconsin, have launched major efforts against public sector unions due in part to state government pension obligations (even though Wisconsin's state pension is 100% funded) along with the allegation that the unions are too powerful.
_	The colonel's camp also denied the allegation that he gain profits from illegal drug trade.
_	The Sixth Article alleges that Corona betrayed public trust when he “created” the Supreme Court’s Ethics Committee that investigated the allegation that Justice Mariano Del Castillo plagiarized material for the Court’s decision in Vinuya vs. Executive Secretary.
_	Among the assertions made in the paper is the allegation that Sabir was monitored by senior management and his marks lowered so he could not move on to a PhD.
_	An additional Uyghur captive, Abdal Razak Qadir, faced the allegation that he was given a gun in order to guard the East Turkistan Organization safe house in Jalalbat , but was not named on the list compiled by Wittes and his colleagues.
_	The preface for that was the allegation that the victims of these searches stored large amounts of weapons and ammunition.
_	In 2012 he was cleared of the allegation that he had assaulted his estranged wife.
_	Speaking at the XOXO Festival in September 2014, Sarkeesian described the allegation that she and other women fabricated harassment as itself being a form of harassment.
_	Screened on Norwegian television on 30 November 2010, the film broadcast the allegation that Yunus stashed approximately $100 million in 1996 into Grameen Kalyan, a sister company of Grameen Bank.
_	Unlike Pangeran Puger, Amangkurat III inherited a blood connection with Surabayan ruler, Jangrana II, from Amangkurat II and this lent credibility to the allegation that he cooperated with the now powerful Untung Surapati in Pasuruan.
_	Ahmad Tourson faced the allegation that he stayed at a guest house in Kabul run by the East Turkistan Islamic Movement, a Uyghur separatist group.
_	In 2003, the United States Court of Appeals 7th Circuit upheld Wells’ testimony in a Chicago civil suit pertaining to lineup procedures in which the defendant was pardoned innocence after the allegation that the police officer induced the three witnesses to identify him as the perpetrator (Newsome vs. McCabe, 2003).
_	In the Jalsa, some of the highlights of the Caliph's several addresses included his love and bond with the Ghanaian Jamaat; the devotion of the Ghanaian Jamaat towards the Khalifatul Masih; the importance of the development of truth and forbearance of every Ahmadi and the refutation of the allegation that Islam was spread by the sword.
_	Defense attorneys for Lakhdar Boumediene and his fellow Bosnians of Algerian descent were pleased with the definition because the DoD had long since dropped the allegation that they had plotted to attack the US Embassy in Sarajevo, and they felt that none of the remaining allegations met Leon's definition.
_	On 12 January 2017 the Belfast Telegraph reported the allegation that "Jamie Bryson is set to be arrested by police over allegations that Sinn Fein "coached" him before he gave evidence to Stormont's Nama inquiry".
_	Following Bulgaria's accession to the EU on 1 January 2007, Shields again launched an appeal against his conviction at the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, again on procedural grounds on the allegation that his rights were violated during his trial and conviction in Bulgaria.
_	During the 1950s, the folklorist Eric Maple conducted further research on Murrell, finding much local folklore still surrounding him in the Hadleigh area, including the allegation that he had the ability to fly and to instantaneously transport himself vast distances.
_	Jane E. Elliott criticized the allegation that China refused to modernize or was unable to defeat Western armies as simplistic, noting that China embarked on a massive military modernization in the late 1800s after several defeats, buying weapons from Western countries and manufacturing their own at arsenals, such as the Hanyang Arsenal during the Boxer Rebellion.
_	According to the "Tampa Bay Times" "PolitiFact" the allegation that the IRS during the Bush Administration targeted liberal groups is "Mostly False".
_	More specifically, the allegation that had been brought up by a Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) officer was that Figueroa was inadmissible into Canada for being a member of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front (FMLN), an organization that according to the opinion of the CBSA officer was considered to be a terrorist organization.
_	In 2002 Geoffrey Robertson QC made a statement on behalf of the Telegraph Group stating "there was no truth in the allegation that Saif al-Islam Gaddafi participated in any currency sting".
_	Among the points of contention, raised in a letter issued by the Chinese Communist Party on June 14, 1963, had to do with de-Stalinization and the allegation that
_	As of April 2009 the IPN has not reported its findings, however Bogdan Musiał has statedthat there was no evidence to support the allegation that the Bielski partisans were involved in the attack.
_	The name derives from the allegation that commentators were said to be paid fifty cents (in Renminbi) for every post, though some speculate that they are probably not paid anything for the posts, instead being required to do so as a part of their official Party duties.
_	Among the long list of reasons cited for the dismissal was the allegation that the government was allowing the `lawless behaviour' of the BSO.
_	Bahtiyar Mahnut did not find the allegation that Hassan Mashum would be allied to al Qaeda credible.
_	Despite the fact that 12 witnesses were called by the defense to refute the allegation that such words were uttered, and despite Krafft's own protest that Krafft stated under oath that he had actually said very nearly the opposite, the jury returned a verdict of guilty.
_	Jane E. Elliott criticized the allegation that China refused to modernize or was unable to defeat Western armies as simplistic, noting that China embarked on a massive military modernization in the late 1800s after several defeats, buying weapons from Western countries and manufacturing their own at arsenals, such as the Hanyang Arsenal during the Boxer Rebellion.
_	News correspondent Bob Schieffer, who was serving as a reporter for the Fort Worth Star-Telegram when Cronkite's editorial aired, acknowledged that Johnson did not see the original broadcast but also defended the allegation that Johnson had made the remark.
_	These suits cited data tending to provide substantial support for the allegation that CCA led students to believe they would be chefs after graduation when, the complaint alleges, graduates start in entry level jobs available to those without culinary degrees, making culinary school an economically irrational purchase.
_	Kim vigorously disputed the allegation that he had changed his stance on the law, and denied that his position was influenced by donations, including in a letter to the "Times".
_	"Reason" and "Crain's New York Business" each published stories examining the record and refuting the allegation that Kim had changed his position.
_	In 1961, Globke denied there was any connection between the two events and the allegation that he had participated in the creation of the Code.
_	The Vatican's lawyers did not contest the allegation that a large shipment of gold arrived by truck in Rome in 1946, although they did assert that the plaintiffs had "put forward conclusory 'facts'".
_	The indictments were founded on the allegation that Col. Comfort Tyler, with some 30 men, stopped at Blenerhasset's Island on their way down the Ohio River with a view of taking temporary possession of New Orleans on the way to New Mexico, "such intent being considered treason."
_	In an article for the "Columbia Journalism Review" in 1985, Lynch wrote that the reports included the allegation that LaRouche was "the leader of a violence-prone, anti-Semitic cult that smeared its opponents and sued its critics."
_	Fairbank agrees that Snow was used by Mao, but defended Snow against the allegation that he was blinded by Chinese hospitality and charm, insisting that "Snow did what he could as a professional journalist."
_	The text was structured around the allegation that Iași city had been taken over by the non-emancipated Jews and the policies of Zionism: "Iaşi is three-quarter Jewish.
_	He also denied the allegation that his wife had received a letter prior to her death from someone seeking to make an appointment with her.
_	The nomination raised strong criticism based on the allegation that death squads had been active in Guatemala during his time as vice-president.
_	Japan also had to defend itself from the allegation that the proposal was advanced as a mechanism to counter China
_	Eller responded with the allegation that the system under Biedermann was “'decadent,’” that Biederman’s administration had “'blood upon its hands’” after the suicide of an inmate in isolation, and that Biedermann was “'sick’” and needed help.
_	But the Marcos government ousted him on the allegation that he had cheated in the elections.
_	In the end the court ruled that there was insufficient evidence to support the allegation that the film’s producers had plagiarized Poynter’s play and the case was dismissed.
_	This accusation was based on the allegation that Israel was only demanding justice for the AMIA bombing but not for the embassy attack.
_	When refusal of treatment may result in significant damage or death, the interaction needs to be documented to protect the care giver in a potential later litigation against the allegation that the recommendation was either not made or not understood.
_	The team of San Giorgio won the competition despite the allegation that the other teams cheated, this event started the rivalry between the city players and those of the province.
_	The assault charge was based on the allegation that he threw a bottle of butyric acid onto the "Shōnan Maru 2" days before the boarding, causing chemical burns to a whaler's face.
_	Mark Moran began investigating the case and wrote about many purportedly suspicious details, including the allegation that the Springfield Police Department had lost or destroyed the case file.
_	Ma Zhaoxu said at a press conference on February 17 that the Chinese government opposes hacking and other criminal acts, saying that "the allegation that China supports hacking is groundless."
_	Corona’s answer also denied the allegation that the Chief Justice (or the Court) violated the Court’s Internal Rules by disregarding the ponente’s recommendation that a hearing be held before a TRO is issued.
_	Wasserman, however, always claimed that the lines were his own, despite the allegation that they appeared in print six years before he was born.
_	In August 2003, the CBSP was listed by the United States Treasury as a terrorist funding organization, also under the allegation that the organization fundraised for Hamas.
_	It also concerned the allegation that Gunzelin had sold captured Wends to the Jews as slaves.
_	Comic book journalist Rich Johnston repeatedly reported controversial details concerning Pat Lee, including the allegation that Dreamwave's assets and employees were shifted over to the new company "Dream Engine", started by Pat Lee's brother Roger Lee, in January 2005, even before Dreamwave declared bankruptcy, the allegation that Lee had transferred ownership of a company-owned Porsche to himself prior to the Dreamwave bankruptcy, the allegation that Lee had bought an apartment for half a million Canadian dollars before the bankruptcy, a list of Dreamwave's debt and creditors, and the allegation that artist Alex Milne had been working as a ghost artist for Lee on Top Cow's "Cyberforce" title without being credited, with Lee eventually stopping to pay Milne when Top Cow had asked for confirmation that Lee was indeed the sole artist of the book and Milne refused to comply.
_	Another focus of antisemitic feeling was the allegation that Jews were at the center of an international conspiracy to fix the currency and thus the economy to a single gold standard.
_	Abu Zubayr was arrested in Morocco in 2002, and while news accounts widely noted that he was "one of the most important members of Al Qaeda to be captured," no mainstream source substantiated (or even mentioned) the allegation that the Saudi citizen, abu Zubayr, worked for the Iraqi Mukhabarat.
_	Journalistic and governmental investigators years later pieced together the history of irregularities with the indictment, trial, and conviction, including the allegation that key witnesses had perjured themselves at the various stages of their testimonies.
_	This was based on the allegation that the engine lacked power and the performance was below par as a result.
_	According to a reported view of Ford, "John Brinsmead, brother of Robert, had evidently spun Parmenter the allegation that Ford and Robert Brinsmead were in cahoots and were determined to bring the SDA church down."
_	Rosenberg, reporting in the "Miami Herald", noted that by the time the PRB considered his status, analysts had quietly dropped the allegation that he had been one of Osama bin Laden's bodyguards, instead calling him a ""low level fighter"", who ""lacked a leadership position in al-Qaida or the Taliban."""
_	UNRWA has consistently rejected the allegation that militants used the Agency's installations during the Gaza war in 2008–2009.
_	In 1991, Holocaust deniers Robert Faurisson and Siegfried Verbeke produced a booklet titled "The Diary of Anne Frank: A Critical Approach", in which they revived the allegation that Otto Frank wrote the diary.
_	At the meeting, both Gardner and fellow commissioner and Maine Secretary of State Matthew Dunlap rejected the allegation that voter fraud affected the election in New Hampshire in 2016.
_	Despite the allegation that a significant number of votes for Belle & Sebastian were traced to one location (two computers sited in a particular UK university campus), the band held onto their award as foul-play was denied by organizers of the BRIT Awards.
_	Lee biographer Elizabeth Brown Pryor concluded in 2008 that "the facts are verifiable," based on "the consistency of the five extant descriptions of the episode (the only element that is not repeatedly corroborated is the allegation that Lee gave the beatings himself), as well as the existence of an account book that indicates the constable received compensation from Lee on the date that this event occurred."
_	The claim centred on the allegation that Arriva were abusing a dominant position, but in a judgement dated 15 June 2007, it was held that Arriva had not been demonstrated to hold a dominant position, and the claim was therefore dismissed.
_	Paul Rusesabagina, a Rwandan of mixed Hutu and Tutsi origin whose life-saving efforts was the basis of the 2004 film "Hotel Rwanda", has supported the allegation that Kagame and the RPF were behind the plane downing, and wrote in November 2006:
_	Also, FASAP vs. Philippine Airlines once again takes the spotlight in Article V with the allegation that Corona disregarded the principle of res judicata by abandoning a previous ruling in that case.
_	The New York Times printed the allegation that Cagney was a communist on its front page.
_	He decisively refuted the allegation that the PCF had betrayed the Manouchian Group, and said that 35 members of the 40 in the group were communists.
_	The only area left to exploit was the introduction of Chinese labour into South Africa gold mining operations and the allegation that so-called coolies were being forced to work under conditions no better than those of slaves.
_	Another committee was formed to look into the allegation that the money the church had put into Jerusalem was a bribe to gain Mayor Kolleck's support for the center (the committee found the church "Not Guilty").
_	Also included in the book is the allegation that Saffron paid for an overseas trip for Allan and an unnamed female companion.
_	However, this was described as an individual action outside the main Stuckist group by Thomson, who nevertheless took the opportunity to remark: "I was puzzled that Parker had been allowed to do her string-wrapping—thereby using another artist's work to promote her ideas—as this was precisely the allegation that an enraged Serota had thrown at me in Trafalgar Square and dubbed a 'cheap shot'."
_	In May 2010, Republican Darrell Issa of California stated that the allegation that the White House had offered Pennsylvania Representative Joe Sestak a job to persuade Sestak to drop out of the Pennsylvania Senate primary election against Arlen Specter "is one that everyone from Arlen Spector to Dick Morris has said is in fact a crime, and could be impeachable".
_	Cutteslowe Park has herbaceous borders and despite disease damage during 2009-2012 there remained many horse chestnut trees, until most of them were removed in 2017 by the City Council's order on the allegation that after a disease their branches could possibly become fragile and pose danger.
_	Discussing the allegation that Roselli fired from a storm drain in a conspiracy to assassinate Kennedy, "PW" said: "overblown claims are just part of a bloviating style windy with references to 'our tradition' and 'our world,' phrases that would have struck a more resonant chord in the mid-70s, when Mario Puzo's books and Francis Ford Coppola's movies introduced the country to the peculiar mix of honor and violence that Bonanno crudely celebrates."
_	When the charges were repeated during Sharp's 1825 General Assembly campaign, opponents publicized the allegation that the child was a mulatto.
_	She initially denied the allegation that she was or is connected to the Russian government.
_	Carl's step-mother and siblings, as well as Colby's biographer Randall Woods, criticized Carl's portrayal of William Colby, and rejected the allegation that the former CIA director killed himself citing it as being inconsistent with his character.
_	Italy justified its intervention against Greece in October 1940 on the allegation that Greece was being used by Britain against Italy, Mussolini informed this to Hitler, saying: "Greece is one of the main points of English maritime strategy in the Mediterranean".
_	The unit denies the allegation that they use Nazi symbols claiming that their logo is based on the Coat of Arms of Ukraine while elements of the national flag are also used.
_	One of the earliest reported cases under this cause of action, the 1915 Mississippi case of "Winn v. Haliday", concerned the negligence of the father in entrusting a dangerous agency to a son known to be negligent, based on the allegation that the appellant knew his son to be given to 'joy riding'.
_	He also suggested that the Centre was "selective" in avenging attacks on symbols of democracy and backed the allegation that the legal process in the Parliament attack mastermind Afzal Guru's case was "flawed".
_	Santamaria denied the allegation that he had ever sought an exemption and stated that 'if Mr Calwell repeated his statement outside of parliament he would take appropriate action'.
_	The PCC said: "There was no evidence to support the allegation that Kathryn Blair was unfairly admitted or had received special treatment, and the newspaper did not provide any."
_	In a statement Livingstone said, "I do not accept the allegation that I have brought the Labour Party into disrepute – nor that I am in any way guilty of anti-Semitism.
_	A common theme was the allegation that the Bonn government was threatening European peace and security by its supposed "revanchist" aim of restoring German's 1937 borders.
_	Wardin also claims that the book gives a distorted view of evangelical life in the Soviet Union, stating that "the allegation that for years before the late 1960s there was not even one Protestant church in Novosibirsk is untrue" and that "the figure of 30,000 Initiative Baptists in Kamthatka [...] and that of over 150 attacks in two years seems unbelievably high."
_	In "The Dead Past", a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov, a leading character is a historian studying ancient times who is trying to disprove the allegation that the Carthaginians carried out child sacrifice.
_	However, in a subsequent interview with the "Mail on Sunday", Derek Conway disputed the allegation that Freddie Conway had rarely travelled from Newcastle to Westminster, instead stating that Freddie "would go up and down like a fiddler's elbow".
_	During his Combatant Status Review Tribunal and Administrative Review Board hearings Mujahid faced the allegation that he was still associated with Harakat-e-Mulavi, and that it was fighting Afghanistan's American occupiers in 2003.
_	SRS has declared post-electoral cooperation forming a government with DSS, which in turn didn't disregard this possibility, but stated that there will be no more cooperation with DS or G17+, on the allegation that they do not really want to protect Kosovo.
_	Tony makes the allegation that Wendy is a lesbian.
_	This included the allegation that the purpose was the creation of an 'ethnic bomb' to destroy non-whites.
_	Scholars have suggested that the characters of Batwoman (in 1956) and the pre-Barbara Gordon Bat-Girl (in 1961) were introduced in part to refute the allegation that Batman and Robin were gay, and the stories took on a campier, lighter feel.
_	Under the allegation that it was a consensual meeting, he only charges of assault, and for rape and illegal deprivation of liberty, and was released on parole.
_	Parmenter the allegation that Ford and Robert Brinsmead were in cahoots and determined to bring the SDA church down."
_	Juma Mohammed Abdul Latif Al Dossary faced the allegation that he attended a camp called the al-Siddeek training camp in Khost.
_	Session singer Des Dyer (formerly of the band Jigsaw) made the allegation that his was the voice on the record, contacted RCA and a newspaper.
_	Baigent claimed these documents dated to AD 45 and were letters to the Sanhedrin from "bani meshiha" ("the Messiah of the Children of Israel"), defending himself against the allegation that he claimed to be the Son of God.
_	Gallear's analysis minimizes the allegation that rapid depletion of ammunition in lever-action models influenced the decision in favor of the single-shot Springfield.
_	Enfield also claimed to have mixed more recent Conservative politicians such as Michael Howard and Michael Portillo together in the character, on the allegation that they were "Tory Boys who have never grown up."
_	White is best-known for publishing the allegation that U.S. Representative Steve Scalise of Louisiana's 1st congressional district and the House Majority Whip, attended an international white supremacist conference in 2002.
_	Had the allegation that Japanese prosecutors use weak evidence mostly based on (forced) confessions to achieve convictions been true, the larger proportion of arrests would have resulted in prosecutions and eventual conviction.
_	Other authors have taken issue with some of the broader interpretations of such materials which implicate many Americans in espionage for the Soviet Union, and the allegation that Harry Magdoff was an information source for the Soviets is disputed by several academics and historians asserting that Magdoff probably had no malicious intentions and committed no crimes.
_	In the May 16, 2007 edition of TIME magazine, the term was used in the allegation that "His (Gore's) Tennessee mansion consumes 20 times the electricity used by the average American home"
_	Shortly before Maxwell's death, a former employee of Israel's Military Intelligence Directorate, Ari Ben-Menashe, had approached a number of news organisations in Britain and the U.S. with the allegation that Maxwell and the "Daily Mirror"s foreign editor, Nicholas Davies, were both long-time agents for Mossad.
_	especially into the allegation that these atrocities were committed at the instigation of the Christians and the European consuls."
_	The American Psychiatric Association stated, "the allegation that it had conspired with Novartis to create the ADHD diagnosis was "ludicrous and totally false," and said there existed "a mountain of scientific evidence to refute these meritless allegations."
_	It should be noted that the Cambodian prime minister made a speech, just two days prior to the riot, which further reinforced the allegation that was made about the Thai actress's comment.
_	The court also concluded that while the evidence supported an inference that a pygmy owl used the parcel, the allegation that the construction would harm the owl lacked such support, and was weakened by inconsistent facts.
_	Jane E. Elliott criticized the allegation that China refused to modernize or was unable to defeat Western armies as simplistic, noting that China embarked on a massive military modernization in the late 1800s after several defeats, buying weapons from Western countries and manufacturing their own at arsenals, such as the Hanyang Arsenal during the Boxer Rebellion.
_	Ibrahim withdrew the allegation that she was mentally ill, but then suggested she was a thief and a prostitute () who had been on a prearranged meeting with one of the alleged rapists.
_	He had a highly successful career in the church, but his memory is affected by the allegation that he ordered the murder of his own sister and two of her children.
_	Two weeks later, Palm Beach County State Attorney Dave Aronberg said that his office would not prosecute Lewandowski; they believed that "there was probable cause to make an arrest" and "the facts support the allegation that Mr. Lewandowski did grab Ms. Fields' arm against her will," but "the evidence cannot prove all legally required elements of the crime alleged and is insufficient to support a criminal prosecution."
_	His arrest was based on the allegation that he had betrayed state secrets to an (unnamed) foreign power.
_	The war crimes charges against Milošević are based on the allegation that he sought the establishment of a "Greater Serbia".
_	Some newspapers reported the rumors as fact, including the allegation that Koreans were poisoning wells.
_	As to the allegation that his previous association with the Arroyo Administration was the cause of his alleged partiality, Corona highlighted the fact that it is “not uncommon for Justices to have previously worked as professionals in close association with the President.
_	Subsequently, Burchett was accused of concocting the allegation that the USA was engaging in "germ warfare", perhaps inspired by a science fiction story by Jack London.
_	Testimony at his Article 32 hearing indicated that the charge of aiding the enemy was based on the allegation that Steele had allowed three juvenile detainees to use his cellphone to call their parents in violation of the prison's requirement that all prisoner phone calls be monitored.
_	Biafra paints the scene in low, sneering tones before bursting into the manic chanted chorus; after two verses and choruses, the song shifts into a slower middle eight section set to a martial drum beat over which Jello Biafra imagines the nightmarish actions of Brown's SS-styled secret police (""Come quietly to the camp; you'd look nice as a drawstring lamp,"" a reference to the allegation that lampshades were made from human skin during the Holocaust).
_	Jane E. Elliott criticized the allegation that China refused to modernize or was unable to defeat Western armies as simplistic, noting that China embarked on a massive military modernization in the late 1800s after several defeats, buying weapons from Western countries and manufacturing their own at arsenals, such as the Hanyang Arsenal during the Boxer Rebellion.
_	In 2004, however, Libya posted a $1 million bounty for journalist Ashur Shamis, under the allegation that he was linked to Al-Qaeda and terror suspect Abu Qatada.
_	Some "calumnious fictions" were written about Herodotus in a work titled "On the Malice of Herodotus" by Plutarch, a Chaeronean by birth, (or it might have been a Pseudo-Plutarch, in this case "a great collector of slanders"), including the allegation that the historian was prejudiced against Thebes because the authorities there had denied him permission to set up a school.
_	The magistrate said: "Had I accepted this evidence (which I did not) it would have been argued that the allegation that she had 'carried on an unauthorised demonstration by herself ...' could not have been made out, and furthermore (in my view incorrectly) that it would provide a defence by saying that as Mr Haw is safe from prosecution anyone who joins him is also safe."
_	News broadcast interviews with two people who claimed they were Sri Lankan soldiers and who made the allegation that they had been given orders from "the top" to summarily execute "all" ethnic Tamils, civilians as well as fighters.
_	There is no contemporary evidence to support this account, nor the allegation that he fled the battle, nor the tale that his assassin impersonated a priest in order to approach James.
_	Her mother’s alleged sexual relations with Apollo to the allegation that the oracle of the Branchidae that greeted her brother as ‘King’ in 312 BC (see Didyma).
_	A strong criticism by Lee Jussim is the allegation that, in all previous behavioral confirmation studies, the participants have been falsely misled about the targets' characteristics; however, in real life, people's expectations are generally correct.
_	On 26 July, the final day of the cross-examination, Azaria denied the allegation that he shot the stabber in revenge and claimed that Shapira was lying.
_	Considering the allegation that the young do not learn oratory, despite, in your opinion, it is so easy, and watching those who boast to be a master of oratory, claiming that it is very difficult,
_	When Brady confronts Kristen with the allegation that she's stolen his child, she vehemently denies it.
_	Garret FitzGerald denied the allegation that the Gaisce committee was party-biased.
_	In its FAQ, the Sesame Workshop addresses the allegation that Elmo referring to himself in the third person will teach children improper English, by stating that this behavior "mimics the behavior of many preschoolers.
_	"Not a single document, and a great amount of materials has been studied, substantiates the allegation that Mr. A.
_	Some Guantanamo captives faced the allegation that they stayed in Afghan guest houses that were not explicitly tied to terrorism.
_	Asked about the allegation that his brother had assaulted 12-year-olds, he compared having sex with 12-year-olds to "like going and eating that dog crap; they wouldn't do it", and blamed social services for having let the girls out in the first place.
_	In early 1968, the Agartala Conspiracy Case was filed against Sheikh Mujib and 34 others, with the allegation that the accused were planning to liberate the East Pakistan.
_	Soon after Paul made this statement, the allegation that Haspel mocked those being interrogated was retracted.
_	Duff-Gordon denied the allegation that he disobeyed orders, maintaining there had been no women or children in the immediate vicinity when his boat was launched.
_	The article reports that he told the "Daily Times" that his 2004 Combatant Status Review Tribunal had cleared him of the allegation that he was an "enemy combatant".
_	He characterised his comments as the "usual blend of British sarcasm, provocation and gallows humour", and dismissed the allegation that he endorses child molestation.
_	In particular, he identified "the allegation that taxpayers' money was used to pay for a pamphlet promoting a fair tax regime for the racing industry; it was not."
_	Aided by the sermons of Reverend George H. Ball, a minister from Buffalo, they made public the allegation that Cleveland had fathered an illegitimate child while he was a lawyer there, and their rallies soon included the chant "Ma, Ma, where's my Pa?".
_	Defense also claimed that the allegation that Kumar had had a mistress named Elokeshi was total fiction.
_	Another focus of antisemitic feeling was the allegation that Jews were at the center of an international conspiracy to fix the currency and thus the economy to a single gold standard.
_	Agency is the subject of many theories, including the allegation that the organization has been engaged in the building of concentration camps on US soil, in advance of the imposition of martial law and genocide.
_	His victory in the 2009 election was declared void by the Kerala High Court over the allegation that his caste certificate was fake, and that he was a Christian.
_	The Jackson family filed a preemptive probate action in the Los Angeles Superior Court, based on the allegation that Jackson died "intestate," without a valid will.
_	Rubin stated that knowing the source of the allegation that Hunt was in Mexico City in 1963 was important because Szulc's passage "is what everybody uses as an authority... he's cited in everything written on E. Howard Hunt".
_	Johnson showed Humphrey a George Reed memo with the allegation that the president would die within six months from an already acquired fatal heart disease.
_	Cassetteboy released a short spoof version of the song in the wake of the 2015 Piggate scandal (the allegation that the British Prime Minister David Cameron once placed "a private part of his anatomy" into the mouth of a dead pig's head) entitled "Gettin Piggy With It".
_	This led to intense worldwide media attention to the allegation that AIPAC was enmeshed in a major espionage program.
_	Gradually, however, the various myths surrounding Caldera’s decision, including the unfounded claims that he was Chávez’ godfather, or the allegation that there was a secret pact between them, are slowly being dispelled.
_	By the time Matthew was written this had faded as an issue, to be replaced by the allegation that the disciples had stolen Jesus' body.
_	The official government enquiry into the disaster dismissed the allegation that drunken Liverpool fans had been responsible for the disaster and concluded that inadequate crowd control and errors by the police had been the primary cause of the tragedy.
_	Joyce Kazembe rejected the allegation that extra ballots were being printed to facilitate fraud, saying that only a small number of extra ballots had been printed to account for spoilt ballots.
_	In a lawsuit initiated in 1996 by relatives of some of the estimated 600 Spanish citizens who disappeared in Argentina during the "Dirty War", evidence was presented to support the allegation that much of this repression was directed by Ford and the other major industrial firms.
_	I can confirm to you that we have received information from a number of member states regarding the allegation that Iraq sought to acquire uranium from Niger.
_	Important to the intrigues of the plotters are the allegation that Vice President Martin Van Buren is the bastard son of Aaron Burr; the veracity or falsity of that allegation; and its usefulness in high-government politics.
_	As a result of the vote Alexander was forced to resign, and although he subsequently joined the anti-Zionist League of British Jews, an organization dedicated to resisting the allegation that Jewish people constituted a separate political entity, his departure from the Board effectively marked the end of his political career.
_	The men were known opponents of ISIL, and their supporters say ISIL had used the allegation that they were gay as justification to execute them.
_	In September 2013, during the presidential election campaign, a dossier, prepared by the Russian board member and the USA board member, was leaked to the press which contained the allegation that McQuaid had solicited a €250,000 bribe from a Russian Board member and cycling team owner to promote the team.
_	"In Desperate Battle", the allegation that there was significant incompetence on the part of Canadian military command, and claims that Canadian soldiers had committed significant, but un-prosecuted, war crimes against German soldiers, was challenged.
_	The scandal was centered on the charge of treason ("of the people's interests"), provoked by the allegation that those arrested had attempted to establish a government in exile.
_	Moreover, in "The Venona Secrets: The Definitive Exposé of Soviet Espionage in America" (2000), Herbert Romerstein and Eric Breindel re-published the allegation that the American journalist I. F. Stone was the Soviet secret agent BLIN.
_	I categorically deny the allegation that I, at any time, misled the Central Bank or was aware of any strategy to do so.
_	In 1933, some 1000 glass negatives from Gloeden's collection (inherited by Buciuni) and 2000 prints were confiscated by Benito Mussolini's Fascist police under the allegation that they constituted pornography, and were destroyed; another 1000 negatives were destroyed in 1936, although Buciuni was tried and cleared at a court in Messina (1939–41) of disseminating pornographic images.
_	After email messages continued to circulate into 2008 the British government Schools Secretary Ed Balls decided to write to embassies in the country and to the world media to refute the allegation that schools had banned or were reluctant to teach about the Holocaust.
_	The first was the allegation that he had a twelve-year extra-marital affair with Gennifer Flowers, a former night club singer and television reporter from Little Rock, Arkansas.
_	From this arises the allegation that the Anabaptists were enemies of learning, which is contradicted by the fact that two of them, Haetzer and Denck, produced and printed the first German translation of the Hebrew prophets in 1527.
_	A 2004 report by the Iraq Survey Group concluded that the evidence that Powell offered to support the allegation that the Iraqi government possessed weapons of mass destruction (WMDs) was inaccurate.
_	At the centre of the case was the allegation that Lucas and Stelios had kept their vessel, the Troodos-owned Cyprus-flagged "Haven", in such disrepair that she exploded.
_	Simpson also denied the allegation that he or the people with him carried weapons.
_	They had to sustain the allegation that Iraq had WMD [when] Unscom was showing the opposite."
_	In 1979, Gravel succeeded in obtaining the acquittal of former Congressman Otto E. Passman of Monroe from charges of fraud, conspiracy, accepting an illegal gratuity, and tax evasion associated with the allegation that he had received $213,000 in illegal gifts from the South Korean lobbyist Tongsun Park in a scandal called "Koreagate."
_	The source of the allegation that he had been an agent was KGB defector Oleg Gordievsky.
_	Guantanamo captive faces the allegation that his name was found on list of 324 Arabic names, suspected of being al Qaeda members or associates.
_	Carson initially opposed the Obama administration's proposed military intervention in Syria in September 2013, claiming that the rebels it would be in support of posed a national security threat to the United States and Israel, and disputing the allegation that the Syrian government was responsible for the use of chemical weapons.
_	In the Turkish press the full names and the allegation that they set cars on fire can be found in many papers in Turkey.
_	To him, the detailed description is an attempt to disprove the allegation that Jesus's tomb had simply been robbed.
_	In the wake of the 2010 Haiti earthquake, veteran Christian radio and television personality Pat Robertson claimed that Haiti had been "cursed by one thing after another" since the late 18th century and, in an apparent reference to the Bois Caïman ceremony, revived the allegation that Haitians had sworn a "pact to the devil."
_	In an interview in 2005 with Jeremy Paxman on the BBC, Pavarotti rejected the allegation that he could not read music, although he acknowledged he did not read orchestral scores.
_	Among the criticisms of the UPPs is the allegation that they possibly have a role in the rising number of missing persons in pacified favelas, a concern highlighted by de Souza’s disappearance in 2013.
_	Some consider the allegation that Settam-e-Melli was responsible to be "dubious," pointing to a former Kabul policeman who has claimed that at least one kidnapper was part of the Parcham faction of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan.
_	Industries is an intellectual property lawsuit centering on the allegation that Kolon Industries (of ), a South Korea-based company, stole trade secrets concerning the production and marketing of Kevlar from DuPont, an American chemical company.
_	The following day, the "Washington Post" elaborated on the content of the book, citing the allegation that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a directive from the president to draw up plans for restructuring Citibank in the spring of 2009.
_	The issue can also arise in the case of people who are not the accused, as with the allegation that the police systematically tortured suspects in order to extract confessions from them.
_	Another focus of anti-Semitism was the allegation that Jews were at the middle of an international conspiracy to fix the currency, and thus the economy, to a single gold standard.
_	The suit was predicated on the allegation that PALCO had affirmatively represented that its timber operations would have a similar environmental impact across all of its land holdings, when in fact there were wide variances and effects on differing watershed environments.
_	In May 1840, Scott and Effingham Schieffelin were removed from office on the allegation that the Court had supplied foreigners with letters of naturalization before their legal term of probation (5 years) had expired.
_	In 2018, in response to the allegation that he prosecuted the film maker Dinesh D'Souza for partisan reasons, Bharara stated that, "Dinesh had a very good (and expensive) lawyer.
_	The film offers evidence supporting the allegation that the rescue operation was poorly planned and executed; for instance, the German police aboard the getaway plane airplane voted to abandon their mission without consulting the central command, while the snipers were not prepared and were poorly positioned.
_	In accordance with measurements performed from the 1960s, but contrary to the allegation that the actual size of the entrance of the cave is 215 meters high, Gruta Casa de Pedra is part of a technical survey containing further details on the Ribeira valley cave system which will be published as soon as data from other Brazilian caves are finalized.
_	Abernathy criticized the media for sensationalizing the statements he wrote about King's affairs, such as the allegation that he admitted in his book that King had a sexual affair the night before he was assassinated.
_	The Committee rejected entirely the allegation that everything in Friern was arranged for the benefit of the staff, including the suggestion that "the Physician Superintendent was seldom in the hospital for more than one or two hours a day".
_	in reference to the allegation that Mr Abbott had punched the wall next to the head of a political opponent outside the "Honi" offices.
_	In an exclusive interview with W-FIVE, Di Carlo confirms the allegation that the Sicilian Mafia considers Canada to be the best place in the world to conduct their criminal businesses.
_	In December 2006, it was reported that a basis for French terrorism-related charges laid against him was the allegation that he aided the murderers of Ahmad Shah Masood by supplying them with false identity documents.
_	One of his biographers, Kenneth Ackerman, wrote that the allegation that Hoover's secret files kept presidents from firing him is "a myth."
_	Jingga 13 and SAMM plan to sue the police over the allegation that they plan to overthrow the government.
_	The gunman had arrived at the casino in a taxi, which driver was later interviewed revealing that the gunman hailed for him at San Lazaro and spoke fluent Tagalog, but disputes the allegation that the suspect was shot in the leg during the initial standoff with the SWAT by claiming that the suspect was already limping when he exited the taxi to enter the casino (the suspect was later revealed in an autopsy to not be wounded by gunfire in the leg).
_	An article in "The Washington Post" on September 16 elaborated on the content of the book, citing the allegation that Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner ignored a directive from the president to draw up plans for restructuring Citibank in the spring of 2009.
_	Holbrooke also strongly rejected the allegation that India was using its consulates in Afghanistan to facilitate Baloch rebel activity, saying he had "no reason to believe Islamabad's charges", and that "Pakistan would do well to examine its own internal problems".
_	On 17 May Hudson resigned from the YNMR to avoid sacking and a committee was set up to look at the allegation that Hudson had used their money to build a private station at Londesborough Park on the Market Weighton line.
_	The offence was aggravated (from a legal point of view) because of the allegation that it was a serving soldier whom Orr was alleged to have administered the oath to.
_	In the 1990s Russian media published the allegation that the lyrics had been plagiarized by Lebedev-Kumach, and that they were indeed written during the First World War by Aleksandr Bode (, 1865–1939).
_	One of the criticisms of communism was the allegation that communists practice and propagandize the "community of women".
_	In December 2014 the International Union of Muslim Scholars led by al-Qaradawi was expelled from the Cairo-based International Islamic Council for Da'wah and Relief based on the allegation that the group mixed religion and politics and supported terrorism.
_	Testimony provided by former JNA General Aleksandar Vasiljević during the Slobodan Milosevic war crimes trial in The Hague contradicts the allegation that it was Serbian snipers who opened fire.
_	However, two sections later became the centre of fierce debate: the allegation that Iraq had sought "significant quantities of uranium from Africa", and the claim in the foreword to the document written by British Prime Minister Tony Blair that "The document discloses that his military planning allows for some of the WMD to be ready within 45 minutes of an order to use them."
_	Intransigent, Ary emphatically refused to hear him, with the allegation that he “did not like child prodigies”.
_	On the allegation that voters was mislead by being told that Lutfur Rahman was the Labour Party candidate, the court decided that the evidence presented "was much too flimsy".
_	The Pakistan military information sources, the Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR), rejected the allegation that the incident was unprovoked, calling the Indian presentation of events as "propaganda" to divert international attention from an earlier incident on 6 January, when a Pakistani soldier was killed by Indian troops in what was claimed by Pakistan as an Indian violation of the Line of Control.
_	The lawsuit alleged that President Obama is not the lawful Commander in Chief, based on the allegation that he is not a "natural born citizen" though he was born in Hawaii.
_	Bahro's Hamburg speech ended with the allegation that Joschka Fischer's supporters had a lust for power, a situation that could lead to civil war and subsequent dictatorship.
_	Other charges were leveled, including the allegation that Minister of the Interior Kazys Skučas and Director of State Security Department Augustinas Povilaitis had provoked Russian soldiers.
_	In September 2008 a group of taxi operators sued the city under the allegation that hybrids are not suitable for city taxis and partly based on a report that claimed that ""hybrids could not handle 24-hour operation and that air bags might not deploy in taxis that have safety partitions between the driver and passengers.""
_	After a grant of immunity from prosecution, Trafficante testified before the HSCA the following day, September 28, and refuted the allegation that he told Aleman that "Kennedy was going to be hit".
_	That list included five Uyghurs who faced the allegation that they had stayed in Uyghur guesthouses.
_	Staines reported the allegation that John Prescott was having an extramarital affair with an MP, and named the woman in question, saying that such rumours had long been shared among Westminster journalists, but that he was being less hypocritical and breaking the clique by refusing to cover up such stories.
_	"We also argued that the report dealt with a matter of substantial public interest, and we expressed our concern that preventing release of the report would simply add fuel to the allegation that the Department was involved in a cover-up."
_	The hearsays included the allegation that Florandi was about the status of her virginity.
_	This did not happen and Iemma regarded the case against Orkopoulos as 'rumour and innuendo' up until his formal charging on 8 November, leading to criticism arising from the allegation that Iemma had left a minister in his cabinet knowing he was under investigation for such serious offences.
_	Alongside the allegation that the Center intentionally misrepresents facts, Eugenie Scott and other critics say there is a noticeable conflict between what the CSC tells the public through the media and what they say before conservative Christian audiences.
_	In a letter reportedly written to President Muhammadu Buhari by John Obaro, Founder and Managing Director of SystemSpecs, developers of the Remita application, the allegation that SystemSpecs pocketed 25 billion Naira was refuted.
_	The media often focused on Bubbles, rather than Jackson's music, and published false stories, such as the allegation that Bubbles was not a single ape, but one of several.
_	"After checking and re-checking the evidence, it is clear to me now, beyond any doubt, that there is no basis whatsoever for the allegation that the Alexandroni Brigade, or any other fighting unit of the Jewish forces, committed killing of people in Tantura after the village surrendered."
_	Marsden is falsely credited with the allegation that a remark was made by Chaim Weizmann, at a banquet held on 6 October 1920, as follows:
_	The fiction was the allegation that the finding in trover was an accident.
_	In 2004, however, Libya posted a $1 million bounty for journalist and governmental critic Ashur Shamis, under the allegation that he was linked to Al-Qaeda and terror suspect Abu Qatada.
_	A more negative press encounter came about in January 2013 when the BT journalist reported the allegation that student supporters working for Nørby had made more than thirty changes to her Danish Wikipedia entry since March 2011.
_	Wise has been criticized by Dr. David Kranzler for his alleged failure to recognize the Holocaust prior to American entry into World War II, the allegation that he dismissed early reports of the Final Solution as propaganda and obstruction of rescue.
_	The attorneys raised a variety of issues on appeal, including the alleged misconduct of the judge, and the allegation that they were deprived of due process because there was no hearing to evaluate the merits of the contempt charge.
_	It included the allegation that the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) had supported the National Student Association, ties which later were confirmed by the organization itself.
_	The Hamas representative in Iran denied the allegation that it had received $30 million from Iran in 1992, but acknowledged Iranian assistance to Palestinian groups.
_	The circus theory has often been referenced to support the allegation that cougars were responsible for the deaths of around 2000 sheep in the Duranillin area in the late 1970s.
_	The letter provoked serious concern in the press both on the substantive issue of the right levels of manpower on the Western Front and their adequate support and because of the allegation that MPs had been misled.
_	In 1933 was barred from publication for four days on the allegation that it had published a call from Catholic organizations critical of the government.
_	Unlike Pangeran Puger, Amangkurat III inherited blood connection with Surabayan ruler, Jangrana II, from Amangkurat II and this lent credibility to the allegation that he cooperated with the now powerful Untung Surapati in Pasuruan.
_	The appellants were required to answer a case founded on the allegation that the respondents were not given a hearing; they were not called upon in any other way to raise a valid defence to the relief sought.
_	"We want to address the allegation that the Patriots taped the Rams’ walkthrough prior to Super Bowl XXXVI.
_	However, while Ingram makes the allegation that the FRU targeted Finucane via Nelson, he says it was up to the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) to act on this information and prevent his murder.
_	After Guru Arjan completed and installed the Adi Granth in the Harimandir Sahib, Emperor Akbar was informed of the development with the allegation that it contained teachings hostile to Islam.
_	In addition, at the 1240 Disputation of Paris, Donin presented the allegation that the Talmud was blasphemous towards Mary, the mother of Jesus ("Miriam" in Hebrew), and this criticism has been repeated by many Christian sources.
_	The arrest warrant is based on the allegation that senior Iranian officials planned the attack in an August 1993 meeting, including Khamanei, the Supreme Leader, Mohammad Hejazi, Khamanei's intelligence and security advisor, Rafsanjani, then president, Ali Fallahian, then intelligence minister, and Velayati, then foreign minister.
_	On each occasion the allegation that there had been a policy of "recruit to dilute" was rejected; however, at first instance the judge described the Names as "the innocent victims [...] of staggering incompetence" and at appeal the court found that representations that Lloyd's had a rigorous auditing system were false ([item 376 of the judgment:] [...] the answer to the question [...] whether there was in existence a rigorous system of auditing which involved the making of a reasonable estimate of outstanding liabilities, including unknown and unnoted losses, is no.
_	Once again some organizations, politicians, religious sects, business tycoons and political groups, such as One Voice, were opposed for various reasons and beliefs, claiming untimeliness of the proposed amendments/revisions and the allegation that the incumbent president and her allies would directly benefit from the proposed changes.
_	Some attribute responsibility for the kidnapping and murder to the leftist anti-Pashtun group Settam-e-Melli, but others consider the allegation that Settam-e-Melli was responsible to be "dubious," pointing to a former Kabul policeman who has claimed that at least one kidnapper was part of the Parcham faction of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan.
_	They ruled against the defendants on the allegation that McDonald's food was a carcinogen.
_	I don't have any evidence that he has behaved in a racist way towards students," she said, adding that the allegation that he was involved in a far-Right party was "very worrying".
_	These allegations were further reinforced by the 'strong acid phosphate' found in the vagina, which "constitutes evidence in support of the allegation that defendant John Graham raped the victim at Thelma Rios' apartment on or about December 10–11, 1975."
_	In "The New Yorker", Jane Mayer has stated that the allegation that Trump was favored by the Kremlin, and that they offered Trump's campaign dirt on Clinton, has proven true.
_	On the same day the KGB decided to imprison Sayed Gulabzoy as well as Muhammad Watanjar and Asadullah Sarwari but while in captivity and under an investigation all three denied the allegation that the current Minister of Defence was an American secret agent.
_	According to Alan J. Levine, contrary to the allegation that he was only a genius tactician without a good grasp of logistics, Rommel was a clearer thinker than most of his colleagues (shown by his judgements on developing situations), and although he was the most defeatist German general, there was a serious qualification to his pessimism and he was capable of displaying a surprising amount of energy in building the Normandy defense at the same time.
_	Rejecting the allegation that "Tosca" displayed Wagnerian influences, a critic reporting on the 20 February 1900 Torino premiere wrote: "I don't think you could find a more Puccinian score than this."
_	Marshall raised the allegation that Pell had attempted to "bribe" a victim.
_	"The Daily Mail" eventually agreed to pay a smaller figure as settlement and retracted the allegation that an earpiece was specifically used to receive information about members of the audience.
_	When asked if there was any "hard evidence" to support his statements, Mearsheimer cited the "public record" and "Israeli civilian strategists", then repeated the allegation that Israel was seeking "a cover for launching this offensive."
_	The first two referred to the allegation that the accuser, although he was free to move within Neverland, was at some stages not allowed to leave the ranch, even when his mother wanted this to occur.
_	The basis of the charge was the allegation that he had intentionally provided support to an organisation, deemed to be a terrorist organisation under the terms of the act, whilst being reckless as to whether it was a terrorist organisation.
_	According to "Stars and Stripes", in response to the allegation that he wore a medal he had not been awarded, Rieckhoff "defended the medal as a paperwork mistake" and explained that he "bought his Bronze Star after being told he had earned the medal, but hasn't worn it since that interview."
_	Concerning the allegation that Rieckhoff had worn a Special Forces unit patch without ever having served in a Special Forces unit, "Stars and Stripes" noted that Rieckhoff "blames the Special Forces patch on bad timing and enthusiasm.
_	"Homosexual recruitment" and similar terms refer to the allegation that LGBT people engage in a concerted effort to indoctrinate children into being LGBT as well, and becoming, according to some social conservatives and Christian right groups, part of a "lifestyle that can kill them".
_	At Subol's quarter Krishnedu got a letter written by Arunima with the allegation that Saradindu raped and tried to kill Arunima and because of this offence Saradindu is serving the jail sentence, that fills Krishnendu's heart with hatred for his father Saradindu.
_	Unfortunately, no one has ever been able to tell whether the allegation that "on November 9, the defendant negligently ran over the plaintiff with his car at the intersection of State Street and Chestnut Street" is a statement of fact or a legal conclusion.
_	Among the charges was the allegation that Harris had "told Edqr. A.C. Russell that Joseph drank too much liquor when he was translating the Book of Mormon and that he wrestled with many men and threw them &c.
_	Sultan Sari Sayel Al Anazi faced the allegation that when he was held in the prison, prior to being sent to Guantanamo:
_	Several of them also went public with the allegation that King's business manager, LaVerne Toney, and his personal assistant, Myron Johnson, had fatally poisoned him.
_	Therefore, the primary reason for Krekar's arrest by the Norwegian Police was the allegation that he incited crime by his statements.
_	He confronted her with the allegation that she was using witchcraft to torment him, which she denied.
_	It details the allegation that the Cricket Australia (CA), England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB), and Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) have taken over running of cricket for their own financial gain, at the expense of other test member countries and especially the associate countries seeking test status.
_	The ICAC appointed investigator also found evidence supporting the allegation that the university failed to take adequate action in response to complaints raised by a number of staff.
_	Some American relatives spoke out against plans to televise the film in Britain, accusing Channel 4 of exploiting the victims and of airing "Libyan propaganda", a reference to the allegation that the film was partly funded with Libyan money.
_	This opposition has always rested on the allegation that the people were incapable of exercising the power they demanded.
_	He attempted to justify his actions and stoutly rejected cynics views on the allegation that he allocated plots of land to his friends, brother and cronies, and it was clear that many of the Senators had lost properties during the restoration of Abuja by El-Rufai and were therefore just out to get their pound of flesh.
_	Freemasonry, including the allegation that Freemasons have a hidden political agenda and are conspiring to bring about a New World Order, a world government organized according to Masonic principles or governed only by Freemasons.
_	One such controversy is the allegation that Qatar bought votes to host the 2022 World Cup with the academy, with critics stating that Aspire sent scouts to Thailand and Guatemala, countries with little footballing history, due to both countries having representation on the FIFA Executive Committee.
_	The objections raised by the Catholic Church are based on the allegation that Masonry teaches a naturalistic deistic religion which is in conflict with Church doctrine.
_	The Rockefeller Commission reported in 1975 that they investigated the allegation that Hunt and Sturgis, on behalf of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), participated in the assassination of Kennedy.
_	De la Rúa recently rebutted the allegation that artists are leaving ALAS because of mismanagement.
_	In his book "The Dirty War", Martin Dillon adamantly dismissed the allegation that Nairac had been present.
_	The attorney representing the Embraer crew, Miami-based Robert Torricella, responded to the allegation that the crew was flying at an "incorrect altitude" by stating that according to international regulations, clearances and directives issued by ATC supersede a previously filed flight plan, and in this case:... the flight plan cleared by air traffic control at the time of departure required the Embraer to fly all the way to Manaus at 37,000 feet and, absent contrary directives from air traffic control, the Embraer was obligated to follow its cleared flight plan.
_	His testimony proved vital in supporting the allegation that Police violence had been excessive.
_	After interviewing Graham, Branson dismisses the allegation that Graham was mentally retarded during the murders but rather drug-addled.
_	He went on to "pledge to be a better man" and ended the video with the allegation that Bill Clinton, former President of the United States and husband of Trump's Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, had "abused women", and that Hillary had bullied her husband's victims.
_	A jury found Rummel guilty of felony theft and also found as true the allegation that Rummel had been convicted of two prior felonies; the trial court imposed the mandatory sentence in accordance with the law.
_	Razzaq's political ideas influenced anti-Ayub-government movements during the 1960s; to get rid of his influence, the Ayub regime tried to "dismiss him from his teaching position at the University of Dhaka on the allegation that he was not mindful of his duties as a teacher, but which the government failed to establish in the court".
_	Included in the allegations made against Chris Hurley was the allegation that he wrongfully caused the death of Mulrunji.
_	On 2 September 2015, ECtHR decided that "...the court system in the "TRNC", including both civil and criminal courts, reflected the judicial and common-law tradition of Cyprus in its functioning and procedures, and that the "TRNC" courts were thus to be considered as "established by law" with reference to the "constitutional and legal basis" on which they operated...the Court has already found that the court system set up in the "TRNC" was to be considered to have been "established by law" with reference to the "constitutional and legal basis" on which it operated, and it has "not" accepted the allegation that the "TRNC" courts as a whole lacked independence and/or impartiality...when an act of the "TRNC" authorities was in compliance with laws in force within the territory of northern Cyprus, those acts should in principle be regarded as having a legal basis in domestic law for the purposes of the Convention.."
_	The investigation reported in May 1996 that there was "no evidence" to support the allegation that Al-Arian or WISE supported terrorism.
_	Both she and Zubeidi deny the allegation that they had a romantic relationship.
_	On 22 February 2011, he held an exclusive interview with OnIslam.net, dismissing the allegation that he wanted a religious state established in Egypt:
_	In her distress, she reveals to Berger that their son too is being shunned by his schoolmates and taunted by the allegation that his father is a coward, but has been trying to keep this from Berger, not wanting to add to his unhappiness.
_	College issued a statement disputing the allegation that Stocking was involved in a "cover up" and affirming that she has the "College’s full support".
_	Academic reviewers question three major aspects of Bacque's work: his claims that there was no post-war food shortage in other European countries; Bacque's estimate of the number of German deaths; and the allegation that Eisenhower was deliberately vindictive.
_	These companies dispute the allegation that they are a duopoly; LexisNexis actually sued one company which used the terms "Wexis" and "duopoly" in its marketing literature.
_	After 1974 the existing polytechnics were transformed into University Institutes under the allegation that they should not remain "second class" institutions.
_	Mr Justice Pumfrey came to the conclusion that the claimed invention was obvious, but specifically rejected the allegation that it was excluded from patent protection as a computer program as such.
_	Horror stories continued after the death of Pius XII, many originating in Cornwell’s "Hitler’s Pope" published in 1999, such as the allegation that the papal nose was falling off, and collapsing Vatican guards.
_	In September 2013, in the Jashpur district of Chhattisgarh, a woman was murdered and her daughter was raped on the allegation that they were practising black magic.
_	Although numerous aspects of the play were cited to support these denunciations, it was the allegation that it portrayed an incestuous relationship between mother and son which caused the greatest controversy.
_	Much to the fury of Grynszpan who wanted to use the defense that he killed Rath because he was a Jew, Grynszpan's French lawyer Vincent de Moro-Giafferi wanted to use as the defense the allegation that Rath was a homosexual who had seduced Grynszpan, and that Grynszpan had killed Rath as a part of a lover's quarrel.
_	Tunisian captive Salah Bin Al Hadi Asasi faced the allegation that he was ""recruited to fight the jihad"" by "Noor Deen" at a mosque in Turin, Italy, in February 2001.
_	Encausse and Carrère predicted that this syndicate was a Jewish conspiracy, and the anti-Semitic nature of these articles, compounded by Encausse's known connection to the Tsar of Russia, may have contributed to the allegation that Papus was the author who forged The Protocols of the Elders of Zion.
_	Neruda's relationship with Siqueiros attracted criticism, but Neruda dismissed the allegation that his intent had been to help an assassin as "sensationalist politico-literary harassment".
_	Allegations of vote rigging were never proven, but that the allegation that the constituencies were gerrymandered was little disputed.
_	Her disappearance, reappearance and subsequent court inquiries regarding the allegation that the kidnapping story was a hoax carried out to conceal a tryst with a lover precipitated a media frenzy that changed the course of McPherson's career.
_	Popular interest in the issue linked anti-Catholic feeling with Augusta Talbot's status as an heiress to £80,000, around the allegation that the Catholic Church would profit if she died a nun.
_	Prosecutors determined that "there was probable cause to make an arrest" and "the facts support the allegation that Mr. Lewandowski did grab Ms. Fields' arm against her will" but that "the evidence cannot prove all legally required elements of the crime alleged and is insufficient to support a criminal prosecution."
_	The complaint had repeated the allegation that Korovavala had been involved in an alleged plot to instigate a mutiny at the Queen Elizabeth Barracks on 12 January.
_	McBrien went on to note that in his opinion, relative to the second grand jury report, Rigali had "made an unfortunate mistake in fundamental logic by making a universal negative assertion that could be rebutted by even a single case to the contrary ... [by] denying the allegation that there were other abusive priests still at work in the Archdiocese ... [when] [s]oon thereafter he removed twenty-one priests."
_	After the Nazis came to power, they quickly banned the Communist Party under the allegation that it was preparing for revolution and that it had caused the Reichstag fire.
_	Istanbul State Security Court 3 had dealt with the allegation that the foundation supported members of illegal organizations.
_	News that the allegation that the patient's death was hastened was brought directly to him, and that his response was to cut Alcor's ties with the employee accused of administering the injection."
_	PETA disputes the allegation that outlawing jallikattu would lead to a loss of the Tamil Nadu zebu, stating that the bulls can still be used as studs regardless of whether jallikattu is legal or not.
_	A spokesperson for Kushner Companies denied the allegation that the gift and the admission were related and pointed out that Charles and Seryl Kushner have donated over US$100 million to charitable causes.
_	Jet does not dispute the allegation that it wanted a new system that was substantially indistinguishable from OpenRes' interface.
_	Balwa was arrested for his role in the 2G spectrum case by the CBI on 9 February 2011 on the allegation that DB group transferred 2 billion to a media company owned by members of DMK party.
_	The memorandum alleged systematic discrimination against Serbs and Serbia culminating with the allegation that the Serbs of Kosovo and Metohija were being subjected to genocide.
_	City Marshal Francis Tukey was particularly suspicious of the allegation that on the night of Parkman's disappearance, an Irishman had paid for a one cent toll with a twenty dollar bill.
_	It was based on the allegation that senior Iranian officials planned the attack in an August 1993 meeting, including Khamenei, the Supreme Leader, Mohammad Hejazi, Khamenei's intelligence and security advisor, Rafsanjani, then president, Ali Fallahian, then intelligence minister, and Ali Akbar Velayati, then foreign minister.
_	In 2001, six families who had sued SilkAir for damages based on the allegation that the crash was caused by the pilot were turned down by a Singapore High Court judge, who ruled, "the onus of proving that flight MI185 was intentionally crashed has not been discharged."
_	The resulting "Mega Scandal" was the allegation that Israeli intelligence had a highly placed mole within the US government.
_	In 2012 the Office of Police Integrity concluded after a lengthy investigation that "the OPI investigators found no evidence to substantiate the allegation that police investigating the rape were subject to improper influence"
_	Another demand arose from the allegation that RBI is a bureaucratic institution insensitive to the needs of the banking sector.
_	The court held that Plaintiff's use of the word "requires" is inconsistent with the allegation that Google "suggests" words to the advertisers.
_	There was a controversy when the act was being debated in the House of Representatives, and while Judy Shepard was in the audience, Representative Virginia Foxx, R-N.C., called the allegation that the murder of Matthew Shepard was because of his homosexuality a hoax; later she apologized for this statement.
_	Ginbot 7 described the allegation that it had attempted a coup as a "baseless accusation" that fitted a pattern of distraction and scapegoating by the government.
_	Full Tilt Poker denied the allegation that they operated a Ponzi scheme.
_	The Rockefeller Commission reported in 1975 that they investigated the allegation that Hunt and Sturgis, on behalf of the CIA, participated in the assassination of Kennedy.
_	More concretely, the allegation that the people living in these districts “have no access to basic public services” is largely inaccurate.
_	Modern accounts of the Flannagan sisters, such as those by Angela Brabin and the television series Deadly Women, have focused more on the cooperative aspect of the crimes rather than the poison aspect, and tend to refer to them as "black widows" or "The Black Widows of Liverpool", particularly in reference to the allegation that the Flannagan sisters were part of a larger murder ring.
_	In 1985, the government of Singapore asserted that the purpose of his detention related to the allegation that he had been a member of the CPM and suggested that he was therefore willing to participate in anti-Singapore political violence and terrorism.
_	In a statement the league said; "“There is no evidence to support the allegation that Dustin Martin physically threatened the complainant.
_	But the allegation that has been made that the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center was done by the Iraqi government I think is absolutely without foundation.
_	However, the MOJ received heavy protest due to the allegation that those inmates were executed before their appeals have been heard.
_	Furthermore, the government attacked the "New Statesman" for inaccuracies and lies (such as the allegation that the committee had sought to infiltrate pressure groups).
_	A court should first determine what are all the circumstances relevant to the allegation that the judge was biased, then ask whether a "fair-minded and informed observer" would regard those circumstances to lead to "a real possibility, or a real danger, the two being the same", that the judge was biased.
_	After receiving a complaint letter, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has initiated a probe into the allegation that Melagaon blast accused Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur was illegally detained and tortured by the Maharashtra ATS and state police.
_	The tax evasion charges against Artemis were based on the allegation that the prostitutes working there were fraudulently classified as independent contractors rather than as employees.
_	I can confirm to you that we have received information from a number of member states regarding the allegation that Iraq sought to acquire uranium from Niger.
_	Deflategate was a National Football League (NFL) controversy involving the allegation that the New England Patriots deliberately deflated footballs used in their victory against the Indianapolis Colts in the American Football Conference (AFC) Championship Game of the 2014–15 NFL playoffs.
_	The trial began in April 2008, with the exhibition of what were described as 'suicide videos' made by Ali, Hussain, Savant, Khan, Zaman, and Islam. and the allegation that the suspects had bought chemicals.
_	Schnackenburg interprets the level of detail as apologetic in origin, though he does regard the details concerning the placement of the grave clothes to be an attempt to disprove the allegation that Jesus' tomb had simply been robbed, rather than as an attempt to assert a Christology.
_	Apart from this, her replies to the charges (concerning the attack on Paris on a Feast Day, the allegation that she had stolen a horse from the Bishop of Senlis, her leap from the tower of Beaurevoir, her wearing of male clothing, and the aforesaid charge concerning a prisoner who was put to death) were a recapitulation of earlier replies.
_	The suit alleges that Subway violated McLaughlin's privacy and property rights, and caused personal injury to McLaughlin by covering up at least three instances of Fogle's illegal behavior that were reported to senior management, including the allegation that Subway's senior vice president of marketing hushed up a 2004 incident in which Fogle propositioned a young girl at a promotional event at a Subway franchise in Las Vegas.
_	About the allegation that he had said that he did not take orders from Jews, Shaw said: "I would never have made a statement like that and I don't think that anyone who knows me would regard it as in character.
_	Special emphasis was placed on the allegation that California player Garner's knee touched the ground before his lateral; all band members performing the re-enactment froze in place at this stage, and a single member, carrying a large yellow arrow, ran out and repeatedly pointed at the "down" Garner.
_	In late February 2002, responding to inquiries from the Vice President's office and the Departments of State and Defense about the allegation that Iraq had a sales agreement to buy uranium in the form of yellowcake from Niger, the Central Intelligence Agency had authorized a trip by Joseph C. Wilson to Niger to investigate the possibility.
_	In later years, his popularity was considerably marred by the allegation that he had been involved in a cover-up of a health risk at a local asbestos factory.
_	Charles' advisers were worried that unless Joan's orthodoxy could be established beyond doubt—that she was not a heretic or a sorceress—Charles' enemies could easily make the allegation that his crown was a gift from the devil.
_	Libby's filing read, in part, "At the close of the government's case, the defense moved to dismiss from the indictment the allegation that Mr. Libby had lied about his July 12 conversation with Ms. Miller, because the evidence did not support this allegation.
_	The Rockefeller Commission reported in 1975 that they investigated the allegation that Hunt and Sturgis, on behalf of the CIA, participated in the assassination of Kennedy.
_	In 2003, in a response to a petition by concerned Canadian citizens regarding "chemicals used in aerial sprayings are adversely affecting the health of Canadians," the Government House Leader responded by stating, "There is no substantiated evidence, scientific or otherwise, to support the allegation that there is high altitude spraying conducted in Canadian airspace.
_	Mapes was criticized for failing to air them in the "60 Minutes" report to balance the allegation that Bush had applied for service in the Guard to avoid serving in Vietnam.
_	The Weber family also denies the allegation that Weber was armed with a gun.
_	McGarvie acknowledged that he had been receiving the party's newspaper and stated that he had been approached to stand for the Country Party at the previous election, but that he had declined the approach and denied the allegation that he had been a party member.
