_	Those talks made rapid progress and might have produced an agreement, but the announcement that the Supreme Court had granted certiorari and issued a stay allowing the government to maintain possession of the steel mills—but coupled with an order barring any increase in wages during the pendency of the appeal—had removed any incentive the steel companies had to reach agreement on a new contract with the union.
_	The play closes with the announcement that Julia is still a prisoner of the Russians.
_	15 June 2011 brought the announcement that "Let the Great World Spin" had won the 2011 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award, one of the more lucrative literary awards in the world.
_	Early 2009 saw the announcement that the assets and brand KANGA had been acquired by Digga Machinery Attachments.
_	Following the announcement that Russell Domingo would not be retained as head coach of South Africa, Gibson accepted a deal in August 2017 to take charge of the Proteas until the 2019 ICC Cricket World Cup.
_	In November 2013, following the announcement that Hull was to be the UK City of Culture 2017, NCP managing director Duncan Bowins took to popular social media website Facebook and branded the city "a sh**ehole" – despite the fact that his car parks took over £1 million from the city each year.
_	The Connecticut Oilers relocated from Norwalk to Hamden following the announcement that the ownership of the USHL's Cedar Rapids RoughRiders added a team called the Connecticut RoughRiders that will play out of the Oilers' former arena in Norwalk.
_	Finally, this episode opens with the announcement that Pam is pregnant with her second child.
_	Later during his visit to Georgia in 2017, President Poroshenko at his briefing in Tbilisi stated that Ukraine has never received any requests for extradition of Saakashvili, while Minister of Justice of Georgia Tea Tsulukiani countered it with the announcement that there were actually two official requests.
_	Punk's win also lead to the announcement that he would defend the World title against The Undertaker in a submission match.
_	On July 21, 2013, Carol Rosenberg, writing in the "Miami Herald", reported that the announcement that the Boards would finally be convened followed a ""flurry of emails"" to the captives attorneys—after years of delay.
_	They enjoy a rare day out together, and Hudson goes so far as to offer a song on the vaudeville stage, but their enjoyment is curtailed by the announcement that Britain is about to go to war with Germany.
_	This came shortly after the announcement that former KRBZ Program Director Mike Kaplan would take over programming duties at KNDD.
_	In early 2015, Glogster released a Glogpedia library browser application for Android, with the announcement that full editing functionality for Android would be made available within the year.
_	On August 13, 2015, the hidden object mobile game "Dexter: Hidden Darkness" was released for all iOS devices, with the announcement that Android support would be available soon.
_	VDL entered negotiations with BMW which resulted in the announcement that certain Mini models would be produced in the Limburg factory from 2014 onwards.
_	In 1885 Cairns was constituted a municipality, and the announcement that Cairns was to be the terminus for the Herberton railway established the town as the principal port in the region.
_	Following the announcement that Rowland's international lead single, "Commander", would not be released in the United States, a new single, penned by Ne-Yo, was announced as the new American lead single.
_	Following the announcement that John Shadegg would not stand for re-election in 2010, Waring resigned his State Senate seat to run for the U.S. House of Representatives in Arizona's 3rd congressional district.
_	On October 23, 2014, he made the announcement that he would be halting cancer treatments, as well as his book tour, to spend more time with family.
_	Ice Hockey Australia made the announcement that the Australian Junior Ice Hockey League would be expanding in the 2016-17 season.
_	Alongside the announcement that Starz was joining the production, it was confirmed that Hayley Atwell, Matthew Macfadyen, and Tracey Ullman would star in the series.
_	But suddenly comes the announcement that an amendment has been passed in the Indian constitution asking for the Committee to have women as one third of them.
_	September began with the announcement that defender Mike Petke, the all-time franchise leader in games played, games started and minutes played, would retire at season's end.
_	She said at the time of the announcement that her instinct had been to hold on to everything, but she had come to realize that it was more important to get the collection out into the public.
_	Weeks after the announcement that the NBCUniversal-owned cable network, G4, will be shutting down, MTV2 began syndicating the "Marvel Anime" anthology, which previously aired on the former network.
_	Rentech stated in the announcement that idling the plant will allow Rentech to conserve liquidity as it formally explores strategic alternatives.
_	June 2012 saw the announcement that construction had begun on the Industrial-Waste Gasification & Advanced Recycling Facility plant, owned by Innovative Environmental Solutions, a joint venture between Chinook Sciences and European Metal Recycling.
_	A rebuttal came in the form of a video where González urged those involved to "abandon [that] rubbish" which was followed by the announcement that he was now the legitimate owner of a fraction of the promotion.
_	On March 17, 2010, he made the announcement that he was suffering from burnout as a result of consistently writing, directing and starring in the videos, and that the show would be entering a brief hiatus.
_	It had been speculated for months that the game would be held in Yankee Stadium, accelerated by the announcement that the 2008 season would be the 84th and final one for the stadium before the team moved into the new Yankee Stadium in 2009.
_	On 24 August 2015, a new group announced its intention to restore the branch as a heritage railway, along with the announcement that it had secured a lease on the former diesel shed at Sharpness Docks with the nearby Canal & River Trust.
_	The reshuffling included the announcement that Howard would remain with the Heat, moving officially into an assistant coaching role.
_	After years of planning self-financed tours for themselves overseas, My Ruin made the announcement that 2014’s “The Sacred Mood Tour” would be their “farewell tour” to the UK and would mark the band's final trip to the country.
_	With the announcement that Pioneer would exit the production of its Kuro plasma HDTV displays, Panasonic purchased many of the patents and incorporated these technologies into its own plasma displays.
_	Following the announcement that Lawler would not be allowed to wrestle at the event, WWE offered to refund Maclin's deposit on the rental of the FedExForum.
_	Before the announcement that Morrison's series would not continue, Christos Gage filled in with "The Authority: Prime".
_	Sony's Lynton stated on the announcement that "we are proud to make it available to the public and to have stood up to those who attempted to suppress free speech".
_	In January 2007 Fangoria Comics made the announcement that the character Vampirella was now owned by Fangoria, however, in April Harris replied that this was not factual, and began publishing "Vampirella Quarterly".
_	"I desire to express my extreme regret at the announcement that Prince Louis of Battenberg has, by his resignation, pandered to the most mean and contemptible slander I have ever known ...
_	This was followed soon after by the announcement that all of the corporate-owned stores in the United States would also be either sold off to franchisees or shuttered entirely.
_	When they re-emerged in early 1994 with the news that they had signed to Island Records, it was quickly followed by the announcement that Gregory had left the band, due to lack of enthusiasm, and was replaced by Darren Belk.
_	This was followed in March by the announcement that a television series would begin airing in July 2015.
_	On July 24, 2001, they filmed their final episode (Season 4) of "Great Pretenders", and the show was cancelled ten days later upon the announcement that Fox Family Channel was merging with ABC.
_	On 15 January 2015, the two-year passport option was scrapped in conjunction with the announcement that reduced the normal five-year passport issuance fee from RM300 to RM200.
_	The release date for the movie was not disclosed for a long time following the announcement that it was to be produced.
_	Despite the announcement that he would not take part of the shows due to his reluctance to play live and that he will only support the project as a support advisor, Lucassen performed the part of the Forever of the Stars; his original, more significant part as Best Friend was performed by Wudstik.
_	The release is regarded as the album which could have kick-started Haywood's rise to fame, had they not coincided the release with the announcement that the band had split up.
_	He ran for the state legislature following the announcement that Brad Hawkins would run for the State Senate.
_	While critics believed the announcement that additional CDs would only be produced if there was a high number of pre-orders was untrue, it was also assumed to be an agenda for higher profit.
_	Upon the announcement that Craig Kelly was to quit his role, Kris Green of Digital Spy said that the character's departure was the most frustrating news of the week, noted him as one of the most promising characters from the show in years, noted Craig Kelly's 'amazing' performance, but that he was quite disappointed that time had been invested in a character that was essentially built up as the key alpha male of the Street.
_	Following the announcement that Sivaji Productions, Ajith Kumar and Gautham Menon would come together, other technicians were added to the film.
_	A new stadium in the Hisingen area had been discussed for years time prior to the announcement that BK Häcken and Gothenburg Municipality had agreed.
_	Ubisoft presented its upcoming games, including "Just Dance 2019", "Beyond Good & Evil 2", "Trials Rising", "Tom Clancy's The Division 2", "Skull & Bones", "Transference", "" (including the announcement that Fox McCloud from Nintendo's "Star Fox" franchise would be an exclusive character in the Switch version of the game), "The Crew 2", and "Assassin's Creed Odyssey".
_	In 2011, following the announcement that the techno band Underworld were to perform at the opening ceremony for the London Summer Olympics, the show's ending credits featured Neil and his guests raving to the band's music.
_	Further prospects of a sequel surfaced with the announcement that companies Quicksilver Software and Stardock had obtained the rights to undertake such a venture.
_	In October 2017, it was finally revealed that Mustaine is featured on new song "Fail Me (My Temple)", which was released along with the announcement that "Open Your Omen" would now be released via UM/T-Boy Records on an as-yet-unconfirmed date in 2019.
_	After the announcement that he had been appointed as co-host, Suzuki commented that he was "looking forward to joining forces with his childhood friend and would try his best".
_	Clement's return was confirmed in July 2017, also being promoted to the main cast, along with the announcement that Saïd Taghmaoui had been cast as the true form of the Shadow King / Amahl Farouk.
_	Still the announcement that Nintendo had handled development of one of its franchises to former competitor Sega came as a surprise to some critics.
_	Radio broadcasts throughout the country were interrupted with the announcement that "The Press Secretary's Office of the Presidency of the Nation fulfills its very sad duty to inform the people of the Republic that at 20:25 hours, Mrs. Eva Perón, Spiritual Leader of the Nation, died."
_	In 2009, overall leadership of CfH was described by the Public Accounts Committee as having been "uncertain" since the announcement that Richard Granger would be leaving the project.
_	debitel subsequently consolidated the administration of the merged companies and downsized human resources leading to the loss of 700 jobs at Talkline and the announcement that Talkline operations would close entirely by 2010.
_	Following the announcement that Bergdahl was formally charged with desertion and misbehavior before the enemy, much debate regarding the administration's handling of the negotiations resumed, centered on Rice's comment and then-State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki's statement in late March 2015 that the swap was "absolutely" worth it.
_	Several months later she released her first extended play, "Fat Chicks", which was followed by the announcement that it was going to be a visual album.
_	Falstaff's attempted love scene with Alice is interrupted by the announcement that witches are approaching, and the men, disguised as elves and fairies, soundly thrash Falstaff.
_	Armed with the announcement that the Kaiser intended to name the next ship launched "Furst Bismarck", he persuaded the former chancellor, who had been dismissed from office for disagreement with Wilhelm II, to modestly support the proposals.
_	After the announcement that the New Orleans VooDoo would suspend operations for the 2006 AFL season due to Hurricane Katrina, the AFL awarded an expansion franchise to Kansas City.
_	Its aircraft is a Fokker 50, but according to the announcement that one of the heads of Avianca in Yopal gave to EXTRA Newspaper they are planning to operate an Airbus A319, this one has 12 seats on business class and 88 on tourist class.
_	This was against the terms of their contract (which allowed for only one member to leave at a time), so came the announcement that the group were to split entirely.
_	About a year later, on the morning of the announcement that his novel, "Jim Button and Luke the Engine Driver", had won the German Prize for Children's Fiction, Ende was being sued by his landlady for seven months' rent backpayment.
_	The year was capped off by the announcement that Future Entertainment joined Mushroom, which makes it currently the largest 100% Australian owned festival entity by virtue of ticket sales.
_	Just a few months later in November the band made the announcement that the new extended play would be released in early December.
_	Director General Irina Bokova called for a stop to the destructions, shortly before the announcement that Ansar Dine had ceased the destructions, according to a local journalist.
_	He stood down from his role with the Forestry commission following the announcement that he would be joining the episcopate and leaving the North East.
_	Upon the announcement that Mason would resign from the state Assembly effective January 15, 2018 to serve as Mayor of Racine, Neubauer declared her candidacy to fill his seat.
_	In the earliest parts of 2010, the club broke ground on their future stadium and made the announcement that they had reached a new local television contract with KCWE that would put every home and away match for the league season on local over-the-air high definition.
_	However, the announcement that Nickelback would perform at halftime in Detroit was met with heavy opposition by fanswho believed that a Canadian band should not be playing a halftime show for an American football game relating to an American holiday, and that Detroit's musical heritage would be damaged by an association with the band.
_	On 9 June 1978, Martins and his family heard of the announcement that the LDS Church was lifting the priesthood ban.
_	However, on 27 July 2006, following the announcement that Independent Fianna Fáil TD Niall Blaney had joined the Fianna Fáil party, McDaid reversed this decision, and announced that he would be seeking nomination as a candidate to contest the 2007 general election.
_	Furthermore, the announcement that Windows Phone 7 devices would not be able to upgrade to Windows Phone 8 hurt sales of Nokia's WP7 phones, plus it was a risky move for Microsoft which "can ill afford to alienate people when there are scores of highly capable and affordable Android phones up for grabs.
_	On 15 July 1940 he consecrated his diocese to the Sacred Heart of Jesus due to the outbreak of World War I and the announcement that Benito Mussolini had pledged the Italian kingdom's involvement in the war on the side of the Axis powers.
_	Until Mallory starts pressing the issue, the announcement that Lockwood had Awad killed makes little impact on the polls.
_	Following the announcement that Liu Xiaobo had won the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize, and his dedication of his prize to those who died in 1989, dissident groups reported on October 18 she and her husband may have been taken into custody by police, and have not been seen or heard from for four days; their phones have been cut off.
_	On January 12, 2017, with the announcement that the Chargers were moving to Los Angeles, the team unveiled a new alternate logo incorporating the letters "LA" with a lightning bolt.
_	A series of major bailouts were pursued during the financial crisis, starting on 7 September with the announcement that the U.S. Government was to nationalise the two government-sponsored enterprises which oversaw most of the U.S. subprime mortgage market – Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. In October, Alistair Darling, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer, referred to Keynes as he announced plans for substantial fiscal stimulus to head off the worst effects of recession, in accordance with Keynesian economic thought.
_	The disappointment was cured, however, by the announcement that Robinson, who weighs nearly 200 pounds, had resigned his place at the state insane asylum at Mendota [now part of Madison, Wisconsin] and would enter the football squad in perfect trim, having systematically trained for the past six weeks.
_	Ironically, the announcement that the facility would soon be closing its doors to the public has caused a significant upswell in visitors.
_	In 2001, Genesis was officially brought to a close by the announcement that Toyota Motor Sales USA decided to launch a separate marque, Scion, a move known as 'Project Exodus'.
_	MacDonald had been selected to play following the announcement that Banks had taken up a coaching only role, having previously had a player-coach role.
_	Reese was elected onto the Local Government New Zealand national council and in June 2017 was nominated for the role of President following the announcement that current President, Lawrence Yule, was standing down .
_	Tughluq eventually wins the elections and forms a cabinet of ministers with the announcement that anyone who joins his party will become the Deputy Prime Minister.
_	"Associated Press" described the announcement that an election would be held in 2011 as having "coincided with rumblings of dissent in Saudi Arabia stemming from the wave of political unrest in the Arab world."
_	OneWisconsin reports that after the announcement that Wisconsin would offer Foxconn a $3 billion subsidy to locate a manufacturing plant in Wisconsin, Gilkes accepted a position with a lobby firm employed by Foxconn.
_	On November 19, 2015, Girl Skateboards made the announcement that Koston, along with professional skateboarder Guy Mariano, would no longer ride for the company.
_	During the final of the local McAlinden Cup being played between Derry Celtic and Richmond in the Brandywell on Friday 31 May 1929, the announcement that Derry City had achieved senior status was greeted with a chorus of cheers and applause.
_	In April 2017, following the announcement that Hulu had picked up the show for a third season, actor Rockmond Dunbar was abruptly told that his contract would not be renewed.
_	Buuren later concluded 4-hour radio show special with the announcement that Saving Light had won the "Tune of the Year" award by popular vote for his widely syndicated radio show A State of Trance.
_	Following the announcement that the singer would release her fifth studio album in 2018, she released a soundtrack titled "Watermusic" featuring thirteen original compositions created for a theatre piece detailing the relationship between romance and water.
_	Billy Donlon took over the Wright State Men's Basketball program in 2010 after the announcement that Brad Brownell would be leaving for Clemson.
_	Compaq made the announcement that the next Alpha microprocessor would use SMT in October 1999 at Microprocessor Forum 1999.
_	In a final twist, the casting of Gaumond came with the announcement that the production would now also feature a same-sex couple for the first time, with Jonathan Bailey as cold-footed groom Jamie (originally written as the female character Amy) and Gaumond as his devoted fiancé Paul.
_	Members of the Southern Legion were on hand for the announcement that Beckham was exercising his option, presenting him with a scarf.
_	The show closed with a mini-concert by "El Tri", followed by Marisela Peña making the announcement that due to the interference from Los Perros del Mal the main event results had been thrown out and declared a no-contest.
_	This was followed by the announcement that they would disband after another tour.
_	Plans to move forward with DreamWorks' adaptation resurfaced in 2010 with the announcement that "Legend of the Guardians" screenwriter John Orloff would pen the script for director Anand Tucker.
_	The English weekly "Mercurius Politicus" in 1658 contained in four numbers the announcement that: "The excellent powder known by the name of 'Jesuit's powder' may be obtained from several London chemists".
_	Results on the pitch immediately improved and the club were competing around the play-off positions until a slump in form mid-season coincided with the announcement that the club needed ¥50 million to remain solvent.
_	While on the flight with Brett and Epponnee-Rae (Morghyne de Vries), now a spoiled brat who participates in child beauty pageants, Kel hears the phrase during the announcement that the flight will soon be touching down.
_	Tickets sales were good, and fans packed the track after the announcement that several local drivers would drive NASCAR entries normally driven by other drivers.
_	After being linked with the vacant positions of CEO of the Australian Cricketers' Association and High Performance Manager of the SACA, the Port Adelaide Football Club pulled off a coup with the announcement that Davies would replace existing GM Football, Peter Rohde at the end of the 2014 season.
_	After the announcement that William Boaventura end his career, Sielis became the main left back for the team.
_	Following the announcement that Clark had won, he performed "Kiss".
_	Their changed assessment was reinforced by the announcement that Khiêm would be leading the replacement government if the coup was successful.
_	In December 1933 Whyte welcomed the announcement that the Government would assist in the construction of the Cunard Line's 'Hull no. 534' and called for more help for British shipping firms to enable a full revival of British shipbuilding.
_	This led to Veolia looking for new partners, with the announcement that it would begin working on new proposals in co-operation with Trenitalia to run services from Paris to Strasbourg, London and Brussels.
_	Evacuate continued on as a 4 piece with Kevin Kane joining on bass...this lineup played a handful of shows including a debut show with the Vibrators, Kevin Sayaka returned on 2nd guitar from his hiatus and Evacuate continued as a 5 piece,this came with the announcement that Evacuate would be playing the legendary Rebellion Festival(formerly known as Holidays in the sun)in Blackpool,England, the band worked all of mid 2013 playing shows and raising funds to head across the pond.
_	The only similarity between the two is the announcement that the High Council of the Time Lords have resigned, which was a natural development of the earlier scripts.
_	On the September 12 edition of Raw, Trish Stratus returned from injury and helped Massaro fight off the Devils, leading to the announcement that Torrie and Victoria would face Massaro and Stratus at Unforgiven.
_	This reached its zenith with 2009's inaugural women's tournament for the Rugby World Cup Sevens, shortly followed by the announcement that women's rugby sevens will be included in the Olympics from 2016.
_	It was confirmed in September 2013 that The Pretty Reckless had parted ways with Interscope Records, followed by the announcement that the band had signed with the Razor & Tie label.
_	By September, 1932, declining trading conditions along the run from New York to Peru led to the announcement that the ships operating on the run, "Santa Inez", "Santa Olivia" and "Santa Rita", were to be withdrawn and laid up; however, they were put back in service the next year.
_	On October 11, 2007, on Boston Radio Station WBCN, Dicky Barrett confirmed what he called "the worst kept secret in Boston": the announcement that the Bosstones would indeed play a tenth official Hometown Throwdown at Cambridge's famed Middle East club on December 26–30, 2007.
_	We join our fellow citizens in welcoming the announcement that Osama bin Laden has been eliminated as a threat to our nation and the world through the actions of American military personnel.
_	Along with the announcement that production had started on the series, the network announced that Levar Burton had joined the series as a recurring guest star; he portrays Paul Haley, "a dean at the university".
_	With the announcement that TV3 Group would operate the channel.
_	With the announcement that New Zealand might receive a 6th Super Franchise in the SANZAR Super Rugby competition beginning 2016, the Hawke's Bay union has announced its interest in forming this franchise together with Manawatu therefore effectively resurrecting the Central Vikings brand as a Super Rugby franchise, although this never came to fruition and instead the expansion consisted of the Southern Kings, the Argentina based Jaguares and the Japan based Sunwolves.
_	In spring 2010, Paul Greengrass revealed his intentions to direct a remake with Cameron as producer and Shane Salerno as writer, but he was eventually replaced by Shawn Levy, who intended to shot the film in stereoscopic 3-D On January 7, 2016, it was revealed that Mexican film director Guillermo del Toro is attached to direct the film, along the announcement that David S. Goyer and Justin Rhodes will be the writers and that Cameron will produce the film with his production company Lightstorm Entertainment.
_	On the announcement that Mitchell had won the nomination, the Sunday Independent stated that Kenny was seen to slump and "could barely contain his disappointment."
_	National touring followed the album's release, along with the announcement that from November 2007 Whalley would be leaving both Frenzal Rhomb and his job at Triple J to go on a world trip with his girlfriend.
_	This was followed by the announcement that "Stone Cold" Steve Austin was cast in the role of Hugo Panzer on October 7, 2009.
_	The change reflected a new brand campaign, coinciding with the announcement that La Salle would decrease tuition by more than 29 percent.
_	Nevertheless, NU protesters continued to show their support for Wahid and in April, made the announcement that they were ready to defend and die for the president.
_	Parker criticized Virginia Senators Tim Kaine (who criticized the NRA for blocking efforts by the Virginia General Assembly and U.S. Congress to pass legislation to tighten background checks for gun purchases in April 2015) and Mark Warner (who voted in 2013 to expand background checks for gun purchases) for not directly contacting his family following the announcement that his daughter was one of the victims.
_	While steaming to Ulithi on 15 August, "Alpine" received the announcement that hostilities had ended.
_	The rest of the stones were abandoned by the museum in May 1969 with the announcement that there would be no reconstruction.
_	After the release of a new edition, sales would generally begin strong, and decline gradually for 10–20 years as the edition began to show its age; finally, sales would drop off precipitously with the announcement that work had begun on a new edition, since few people would buy an obsolete encyclopedia that would soon be updated.
_	Early May saw Forest sign their first player of the new season, with the announcement that Radosław Majewski would be signing for Forest on a three-year deal, after a successful season-long loan, for £1 million.
_	Following the announcement that the central bank for the monetary union would be located in Riyadh and not in the UAE, the UAE announced their withdrawal from the monetary union project in May 2009.
_	Stephens then surprised fans and racing insiders with the announcement that the horse was fit enough to race again six days later in the Belmont Stakes, the final leg of the U.S. Triple Crown races.
_	Klein appeared before the press and started his press conference with the announcement that Nixon would not speak to the media.
_	The next day RTÉ showed the 2005 episode of "Reeling in the Years", complete with the announcement that London had secured the 2012 Summer Olympics with then-British Prime Minister Tony Blair reacting by saying what a momentous day it was for neighbouring Britain, followed by footage of the 7 July 2005 London bombings, which occurred the following day.
_	On June 4, 2018, the first poster was released along with the announcement that the first trailer would be released the next day, June 5.
_	It was widely known that Elgar had been planning a symphony for more than ten years, and the announcement that he had finally completed it aroused enormous interest.
_	On 4 April 2017, Cronk made the announcement that the 2017 NRL season would be his last for the Melbourne Storm, stating he would move to Sydney; Cronk emphasised that this was purely based on family reasons rather than football-related reasons.
_	On the other hand, the authors saw the reason for the panic in the fact that some switched on too late, thereby ignoring the announcement that it was a Halloween joke.
_	The second coup scored by Latham was the announcement that he would abolish the generous superannuation schemes available to members of parliament; his plan was quickly adopted by the Howard government in the face of a rising wave of public support with the support of his mentor former Prime Minister Gough Whitlam who is a former member for Werriwa.
_	Following the announcement that Erica was being written out of "Grey's Anatomy", Smith was asked whether she was happy with the direction the storyline had taken.
_	During post-production of season 18, following the announcement that "SVU" was renewed for a nineteenth season, it was revealed that Rick Eid departed the series.
_	The 'revolt of the generals' collapsed with the announcement that General Blamey was returning from the Middle East to become Commander in Chief, but seems to have done the participants no harm.
_	The letter was published in the final Nova Publications issue, which also carried the announcement that Moorcock would be taking over from Carnell as editor of "New Worlds", though Moorcock had been unaware he would be considered for the post when he wrote his letter.
_	Church organizations welcomed the symbolism, evidenced by the announcement that the Methodist Episcopal Church "sent a floral representation of 'Gates Ajar.'" when Utica newsman and Sunday school teacher Benjamin Lewis died.
_	He penned his deal short after the announcement that his coach at the time, Jason Taylor would also join the Rabbitohs in 2007.
_	Following the announcement that Jessie J had topped the BBC's Sound of 2011 poll, "Do It like a Dude" propelled 13 places into the top 10 at number 5 on 9 January 2011.
_	In late 1997, Norfolk officials made the announcement that they had finally received a commitment from Nordstrom to open a store in a new downtown shopping mall.
_	Following the announcement that Bowen would be rejoining the cast for the sixth season, Michael Slezak of "Entertainment Weekly" wrote that Bowen's performance is "so deeply unconvincing [that she risks] getting upstaged if there's so much as a house plant in a scene with [her]."
_	Their final live performance was at the Fuji Rock Festival on July 28, 2000, with the announcement that they wish to pursue indie careers.
_	So while in a conventional game the announcement that one's character is going to leap over a seven-meters-wide canyon will be greeted with the request to roll a number of dice, a player in a storytelling game who wishes to have a character perform a similar feat will have to convince the others (especially the storyteller) why it is both probable and keeping within the established traits of their character to successfully do so.
_	It was in response to this issue following the announcement that the Dashnak Party decided to withdraw from the coalition government feeling that renunciation of Armenian territorial claims would be an unacceptably radical change in the country's foreign policy.
_	This was announced two days after the announcement that 2016 would be the final Soundwave festival.
_	Describing the new brand as "embracing positivity and approaching the world with an affirmative position", the re-launch coincided with the announcement that it had picked up several new secular reality and game shows for the 2014-15 season, including "America's Funniest Home Videos" (formerly aired by City), "American Idol" (formerly aired by CTV and CTV Two), "Judge Judy", "Jeopardy!" and "Wheel of Fortune" (both formerly aired most-recently by CHCH-DT), "The Biggest Loser" (formerly aired by City), and "The X Factor UK".
_	The "Find an Atheist, Humanist, Freethinker Elected Official Contest" concluded with the announcement that Rep. Pete Stark (D-Calif.), a member of the United States Congress since 1973, held the highest office of four public servants to acknowledge a secular world view to the Coalition after being nominated by a contestant.
_	This reached its zenith with 2009's inaugural women's tournament for the Rugby World Cup Sevens, shortly followed by the announcement that women's rugby sevens will be included in the Olympics from 2016.
_	On 24 November 2014, shares in BT rose considerably on the announcement that the company were in talks to buy back O2; while at the same time BT confirmed that it had been approached by EE to also buy that company.
_	In 2013 DiFranco was criticized on social media and faced "a great deal of outcry" after the announcement that she was hosting a three-day artists' workshop billed as the "Righteous Retreat" at Iberville Parish's Nottoway Plantation in White Castle, Louisiana.
_	One year after the announcement that the game would only come to North America for the Xbox 360, Aksys Games announced that it would be releasing "Battle Fantasia" as a full download title on the PlayStation Network in Fall 2009, with project lead Frank deWindt stating that "The fans have been asking for it and we're here to deliver."
_	In 2001, Jim Shelley, writing for "The Observer", claimed the character's death to be one of two contenders for the moment where it all went wrong for Brookside, while in 2002, with the announcement that Brookside was to end, the funeral scene was listed as the fourth greatest episode in the soap's history by "The Daily Mirror".
_	Onn was selected as the Labour candidate for Great Grimsby from an all-women shortlist in July 2014, following the announcement that the sitting MP, Austin Mitchell, would retire at the next election.
_	On the announcement that the very unpopular Nzalakanda had been retained, the militant supporters of Youlou decided to join the protestors.
_	It was released on November 22, 2004, soon after the announcement that the band had broken up in June, and that lead singer Scott Stapp and the other members of the band would go their separate ways (although the band would later reunite in 2009).
_	Details included the announcement that at least three were children, including a 13- and 14-year-old who were both wearing suicide vests.
_	This was confirmed on the band's Facebook page in September 2012 with the announcement that the new album, "Moving Through Security", would be released in October 2012 and distributed digitally through iTunes and Amazon, and physically at the shows of Dick Valentine's and William Bates' other bands.
_	This was prior to the announcement that Ottley and Capullo were joining the art team.
_	Cirrus Aircraft indicated at the time of the announcement that this was expected as Arcapita was considered a medium-term investor.
_	Along with the announcement of the two bikes came the announcement that the company had partnered with SMRE, an Engineering and Design firm based in Umbertide, Italy.
_	The next major happening that summer was in July with the announcement that GM Ron Knol was leaving the team to pursue other interests.
_	In 1966 the announcement that the archive was to be sold to a private buyer, and the records were to leave the country caused a storm of protest.
_	Plans to cut the £150m-a-year subsidy for rural post offices led to the announcement that 2,500 local post offices were to be closed.
_	The single re-entered the US "Billboard" Hot 100 on 11 February 2012 at number 98, following the announcement that Rihanna and Coldplay are set to perform the song together at the 54th Grammy Awards.
_	Shortly after the announcement that Glenn Tipton was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease on 12 February 2018, former guitarist K.K.
_	Head office staff were made redundant straight away from the announcement that no buyer had been found, with stores expected to last up to 8 weeks selling the remaining stock.
_	In November 2012, with the announcement that "Visions" was named album of the year by record shops Rough Trade and Resident, two exclusive bonus discs were made available with any purchase of the album in each shop, featuring remixes and rare tracks.
_	In 2006, following the announcement that Korea was scheduled to earn a Formula One Grand Prix, Hyundai planned to enter the sport.
_	The ISI's shariah minister, Abu al-Walid Abd al-Wahhab al-Mashadani, stated in the announcement that the two leaders were attending a meeting when "enemy forces" engaged them in battle and launched an airstrike on their location.
_	2001 saw the Japanese release of the album "Çà et là du Japon" and the announcement that the band was to break up, followed by a series of live events featuring guest performances by old members and two further "Big Hits and Jet Lags" albums - "Pizzicato Five R.I.P." (1998–2001) and "Singles" (1993–2001).
_	Following the announcement that Răducan would be stripped of her medal, Olaru and Amânar initially decided to refuse their new medals.
_	This comes after the announcement that locally based Impact Church will take over the former Belk location as well.
_	But in the final quarter of 2002, another surprise jolted South Border’s avid followers—the announcement that Mejares was leaving the band to go solo.
_	During the Second World War, in 1944, Pearkes was instrumental in suppressing the Terrace Mutiny, a revolt by conscripts stationed in Terrace, British Columbia resulting from the announcement that conscripts would be deployed overseas.
_	Important actions of the cabinet include the recognition of the Soviet Union in July 1942, the declaration of war against Japan on 7 December 1942, the announcement that after the war the relations between the Netherlands and the Dutch Indies will change and the re-establishment in July 1943 of the representation at the Vatican.
_	The motion was withdrawn at the Law Society's AGM, due to the announcement that there would be a review of rights of audience generally, as requested by the Society of Solicitor Advocates.
_	Following the announcement that the Kapoor family would become regular cast members, several racist posts were left on the "Neighbours" website and had to be removed by staff.
_	Following the box office success of J. J. Abrams' "Star Trek" reboot and the announcement that actors Chris Pine and Zachary Quinto had tentatively agreed to appear in two sequels, Internet rumors began circulating about the plot of the second film.
_	He was involved in another controversy following the announcement that he was to hold a speech at a common manifestation together with the Social Democrats on 1 May 2008, in Vänersborg.
_	By 2 April 2012, the announcement that Bury Tomorrow had been signed to Nuclear Blast Records came the announcement of its release dates, starting with 13 July for the European Union, 16 July for the United Kingdom and 17 July for the United States.
_	In response to the announcement that the game would only feature multiplayer, a petition was created by fans of the series which called for the game to include a single-player mode.
_	LVŽS was further boosted by the announcement that Saulius Skvernelis, a Minister of Interior in Butkevičius Cabinet and one of the most popular politicians in Lithuania, would head the party's electoral list in the elections, without joining the party.
_	Les wrapped up his 2013 recruiting class on May 8, 2013, with the announcement that forward Georgi Funtarov had chosen the Aggies and had signed his National Letter of Intent.
_	Even the announcement that May 26, will see the last Tiger leave Tigertown, has encouraged a more concentrated effort on the part of all to make this the best year in the history of the 97-year-old institution.
_	Following the announcement that the CVA would be heard and voted upon by the clubs creditors on 1 June 2007, the club's previous chairman Gerald Krasner offered to represent the club's creditors free of charge to stop Bates from re-gaining control of the club, after it was revealed that each creditor would receive 1p for every pound they were owed if Bates' bid was successful.
_	Emblematic of Morial’s hard-line stance toward the police strikers was the Napoleonic gesture he made by placing his arm inside his coat and striking a characteristically pugnacious pose at the announcement that he was canceling Mardi Gras.
_	The main attraction on the schedule was the announcement that Hawaiʻi would host the Outrigger Hotels Rainbow Classic, as well as the annual Diamond Head Classic.
_	Following the demise of the Aotearoa Film and Television Awards and the announcement that the Screen Directors Guild of New Zealand would not hold film awards in 2012, New Zealand film industry figure Ant Timpson and nzherald.
_	Waller-Bridge and Newton were confirmed as being cast by the end of February, alongside the announcement that Joonas Suotamo would appear as Chewbacca, reprising the role from "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" and "", where he shared it with original Chewbacca actor Peter Mayhew.
_	He was selected as the Conservative candidate for Hitchin and Harpenden constituency in 2017 following the announcement that the sitting Conservative MP Peter Lilley, was to stand down.
_	It was released by BMG in mid-2001 with the announcement that Stanier was the band's permanent drummer.
_	Barco, Auro Technologies and audio technology developer DTS made the announcement that they would join forces to support an open standard for immersive object-based cinema sound.
_	Following the announcement that Gordon Gee would retire as President of the Ohio State University effective July 1, 2013, speculation arose that Snyder, the former Provost and Executive Vice President of Ohio State, could succeed Gee.
_	Matt shocks the residents with the announcement that he is the son of Hilary Robinson (Anne Scott-Pendlebury).
_	Following the announcement that Zevon had terminal lung cancer, Capitol Records put out a remastered version of the album in early 2003.
_	Before the election, Jamieson had strong criticism towards the SNP-led Scottish Government and its candidate for the Kilmarnock and Loudoun area after the announcement that no money would be coming from the SNP area to help Kilmarnock.
_	On February 1, 2018, Steve Carey of The Color Morale was announced as the bands new drummer, following the announcement that The Color Morale would be entering a hiatus.
_	The day began with the announcement that both Alessandro Petacchi and Mario Cipollini had dropped out of the race, Petacchi due to injury on Stage 5, Cipollini due to an injury on Stage 3 that had reopened.
_	In May, with Phish tourdates already booked, Anastasio made the announcement that Phish would be breaking up and the upcoming summer tour would be their last.
_	Also, Hall of Famer Tommy Lasorda managed the Ogden Dodgers to three consecutive Pioneer League titles from 1966–1968 and was present for the announcement that the Ogden franchise would again be an affiliate of the Los Angeles Dodgers.
_	However, the plans were revived in August 2017, with the announcement that Paul Scheer will be writing the series.
_	In 1926 after the announcement that General Motors would begin local assembly a deputation of members of the New Zealand Coach and Motor Body Builders' Federation waited on the Prime Minister asking for greater protection because they said American manufacturers were dumping cars in New Zealand and flooding the market.
_	At the time of Henry's death, he was planning to rejoin McJohn as part of "Goldy McJohn and Friendz", a band that McJohn had formed to play Steppenwolf songs, following the announcement that John Kay and Steppenwolf planned to substantially cease touring.
_	The year ended with the announcement that the pop group Steps were to split up on Boxing Day.
_	With the announcement that Fletch would join "Holby City", Walkinshaw stated that after leaving his job in the ED, Fletch is offered a new job in the hospital.
_	A memorandum of protest was sent by the CJA to Arthur Creech Jones, a trade unionist who was then the Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies for the British government on 16 December of the same year with the announcement that the CJA intended to boycott the Consultative Committee established to discuss and implement the Anglo-Malay Proposals.
_	The workers came away from the strike largely victorious, and their excitement was shown by a march of 5,000 delighted workers throughout the streets of Akron following the announcement that the strike was over.
_	After weeks of speculation (and following the announcement that the physical release had been cancelled), it was confirmed on Minogue's official website that a music video for "The One" had been filmed.
_	At Survivor Series, during a match for the WWE Championship between the champion Triple H and Vladimir Kozlov, Vickie came out to the arena making the announcement that "he's here".
_	With the announcement that Will Take Charge was also coming to California, the 2014 race became the most highly anticipated running since the matchup of Alysheba and Ferdinand in 1988, the only other time that the previous year's Breeders'
_	Plans to move forward with DreamWorks' adaptation resurfaced in 2010 with the announcement that "Legend of the Guardians" screenwriter John Orloff would pen the script for director Anand Tucker.
_	The character's introduction came on the heels of the announcement that Jacqueline MacInnes Wood, who played Steffy Forrester had decided not to renew her contract and would depart from the series (she later agreed to sign on recurringly).
_	Before the announcement that Morrison's series would not continue, Christos Gage filled in with "The Authority: Prime".
_	Controversy was created in the city of Hull following the announcement that the 2014 FA Cup Final was to take place at exactly the same time and date as the fixture between Hull FC and Hull KR, this being the first FA Cup final Hull City had qualified for.
_	The death knell for the station sounded with the announcement that WUTV would sign on from Buffalo in 1970.
_	Calls arose for the preservation of the house after the announcement that it was for sale, and the possibility of its destruction.
_	This reached its zenith with 2009's inaugural women's tournament for the Rugby World Cup Sevens, shortly followed by the announcement that women's rugby sevens will be included in the Olympics from 2016.
_	Following the announcement that "Star Trek" was returning as a series on June 17, 1977, Roddenberry began recruiting new crewmembers, including Harold Livingston and Robert Goodwin as executive producers.
_	October kept on being productive with the announcement that Maltese halfback Jarrod Sammut signed a 2 Year Extension with the club subject to acquiring a working visa.
_	Thomas Mellor that the war would be over before they could see action with the announcement that their battalion would soon take part in the "big push".
_	Braun Racing then made the announcement that they were going to replace Stremme with Shane Hmiel, who was just coming off a suspension.
_	Adding to the build-up to the event, was the announcement that five European factory teams were planning to race in Florida.
_	In the summer of 2007, the club made the announcement that 29 year old, American forward, Doug Christiansen, would be the team's player/coach for the 2007–08 season.
_	On 26 June 2009, the Italian press claimed that Abune Paulos along with a man claiming to be a son of the late Prince Makonnen, Duke of Harar and Duke Amedeo of Aosta, would come forward at the Hotel Aldrovandi in Rome with the announcement that the true Ark of the Covenant, which has supposedly been kept in secret at St. Mary's of Zion in Ethiopia, would be unveiled to the public to view for the first time in history in a museum being built in Axum.
_	By the beginning of 2012, Mexico's government escalated its offensive against the Zetas with the announcement that five new military bases will be installed in the group's primary areas of operation.
_	The German American Bund severed its connection with the German American Settlement League in 1940, and the League took over the Camp with the announcement that henceforth it would be "non-political."
_	The show ended on February 3, 2017, followed by the announcement that he would move to Rogers' flagship sports station CJCL in Toronto to host its morning show.
_	In June 2012, the BCS conference commissioners made the announcement that "we have developed a consensus behind a four-team, seeded playoff."
_	This reached its zenith with the first Women's Sevens World Cup in 2009, shortly followed by the announcement that women's rugby sevens will be included in the Olympics from 2016.
_	Alan, still living as “Roger”, and sees in the paper a photograph of Kitty and Gerald with the announcement that they are to be married.
_	Still, she does not appear in "Lloyd's List" after the announcement that she was missing.
_	"Home", which featured traditional Irish music taken from their late mother's songbook, was released in 2005. "" (2006) was released following the announcement that the band would go on indefinite hiatus, citing personal reasons.
_	Paisley told "Country Weekly" magazine that he was inspired to write the song after hearing the announcement that Barack Obama, whom Paisley endorsed, would become President of the United States and realizing that the first President in his children's lives would be an African American.
_	No indication was given in the announcement that it would also apply for the championship series.
_	The Head of Culture, Chris Smith – tasked with keeping WOMAD in Reading – was on holiday at the time of the announcement that WOMAD was to move.
_	Despite the announcement that the series would not return to CBS Drama, it did however appear for the channel's autumn programming line-up, beginning on 3 October 2016, with double episodes airing each weeknight from 10:00 pm, with repeated episodes broadcast over Saturday and Sunday nights.
_	Though the most important event took place on 12 December 1911, when George V, the then Emperor of India along with Queen Mary, during the Delhi Durbar, made the announcement that the capital of the Raj was to be shifted from Calcutta to Delhi, subsequently on 15 December 1911, they laid the foundation stone for Viceroy's residence, and New Delhi here, which was subsequently shifted to its present location on Raisina Hill near Rashtrapati Bhavan (President's House).
_	Ice Hockey Australia made the announcement that the Australian Junior Ice Hockey League would be expanding in the 2015-16 season.
_	Backlash over the announcement that the event would now charge admission before confirming the venue, dates or line-up of featured creators resulted in the cut of early ticket prices to £10 plus VAT.
_	In 2006, the Air Force announced that Holloman would cease to be the home of the F-117A Nighthawk, coinciding with the announcement that the aircraft was set to be retired from service by 2008.
_	With the announcement that its owner, the Scottish Government, will be switching to another supplier in 2015, Business Stream's market share stands to drop below 50%.
_	This coincided with the announcement that Horlock would take charge of Maldon & Tiptree in the Isthmian League Division One North on 16 May, taking over from Steve Ball.
_	One of the most radical aspects of the reforms was the announcement that most single-battalion regiments would amalgamate into large regiments, with most of the battalions retaining their previous regimental titles in their battalion names.
_	The next day, at a news conference at Atlanta's Centennial Olympic Park, WNBA president Donna Orender made the announcement that Atlanta would officially be granted a WNBA expansion franchise.
_	On April 1, 2010, "Rewrite"s official website was updated with the announcement that the game would be an adult game, but this turned out to be an April Fool's joke the following day.
_	Along with the announcement that he would be releasing a prequel novella called "MEG: Origins", Alten indicated that he was holding back the release of his next entry in the series "MEG: Night Stalkers" to time with the release of the film.
_	Following the announcement that his first feature film The Valley Below would be funded by Telefilm Canada, he was declared one of "10 Canadians to Watch at Cannes" in 2013.
_	This followed the announcement that most CDMA carriers chose to adopt either WiMAX or the competing 3GPP Long Term Evolution (LTE) standard as their 4G technology.
_	In response to the announcement that Panoramio would shut down, the photo-sharing service Mapillary announced that they were setting up a process for transferring one's Panoramio pictures to their service.
_	December, 2009 saw the announcement that Roadrunner Records were to release Grand Magus' fifth album "Hammer of the North" in the Summer of 2010.
_	This took place at the Smart Araneta Coliseum, where they opened for Boyce Avenue back in February of that year when the band were still known as ‘At Sunset’, and the announcement that they would perform at this concert was made before the band was renamed.
_	On the following "Raw" on July 15, Vince McMahon came out to the ring to the entrance of the nWo and made the announcement that the group was officially disbanded as Eric Bischoff became "Raw" general manager.
_	The protests in Cape Town were sparked by the announcement that Xolani Sotashe was to be the African National Congress choice as candidate for the mayor of Cape Town.
_	In September of the same year, Steel Panther released a cover of Cheap Trick's "She's Tight" featuring Robin Zander with the announcement that their fourth studio album "Lower the Bar" would be released on March 24, 2017.
_	Only at this stage had Ford confirmed that the new car would feature a completely new name, with press reports frequently referring to the "new Sierra", which would soon be on sale until the announcement that the new car would be called the Mondeo.
_	A new stadium in Gävle had been discussed for four years prior to the announcement that Gefle IF and Gävle Municipality had agreed.
_	The book follows the exploits of the College's members after the announcement that the current Garter Principal King of Arms will be retiring.
_	After the announcement that the New Orleans VooDoo would suspend operations for the 2006 AFL season due to Hurricane Katrina, the AFL awarded an expansion franchise to Kansas City, containing most of the VooDoo's players.
_	1 February 2013 brought the announcement that Chappell had taken a pastoral call in Illinois with resignation as chancellor effective 15 April 2013.
_	The first occurred with the announcement that the Football Association had signed a US$5 million contract with Umbro to sponsor the national team with equipment and apparel until 1998.
_	This became a major factor in the success of North Queensland's bid and widespread celebrations occurred in November 1992 with the announcement that three new clubs would join Auckland for inclusion into the "Australian Rugby League" competition, the North Queensland Cowboys being one of them.
_	With the announcement that the Japanese Grand Prix would switch from the Suzuka Circuit to the Fuji Speedway from 2007, there had been media speculation that Suzuka may retain a race under a resurrection of the Pacific Grand Prix title.
_	Ryan retired from "Nationwide" in 2011, with the announcement that Anne Cassin would replace him as co-presenter after the ending of her current role as presenter of a Dublin-based series called "Capital D".
_	Here they previewed a new track titled "Sentimental", with the announcement that they have been in a recording studio in South Wales.
_	The Bills won their first two games, a 23-20 overtime road win at Chicago (their first-ever victory at Soldier Field) and an emotionally raucous 29-10 home win against division rival Miami, a game played just days after the announcement that the Pegulas would purchase the team and keep it in Buffalo.
_	He told media members assembled at the announcement that he hoped to be the next Richmond man to win a premiership in the guernsey, with it having been worn in each of the club’s 10 previous league premierships.
_	Following the announcement that would fold at the end of 2011, Martin signed with for the 2012 season.
_	Madison Rising gained some prominence in 2014, following the band's poorly-received performance of "The Star-Spangled Banner" at a NASCAR event in February, and the announcement that it would perform the theme song for "Amazing America with Sarah Palin", a television program starring former Governor of Alaska and 2008 Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin.
_	Thompson officially entered the race on April 1, 2007 following the announcement that he would seek the Republican Party's nomination for president during an interview on "This Week" with George Stephanopoulos.
_	By January 2018, Skyler Samuels, who recurred as the Stepford Cuckoos in the first season, was being looked at to be promoted to series regular for the second, and this move was confirmed in June, along with the announcement that Grace Byers would also be joining the series as a series regular, in the role of Reeva.
_	Microsoft responded to the announcement that, despite losing the game's exclusivity, the Xbox 360 was still the most appropriate console to play the game due to the game's compatibility with the original "Mass Effect", which was only available on the Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360 systems at the time.
_	The PTC heard presentations from four area high schools (Barberton, Northwest, St. Thomas Aquinas, and Lake Center Christian) in May 2011, prior to the announcement that Windham would also be leaving the conference in 2013.
_	The movie is also set against the backdrop of the announcement that Hugo Chavez is dying, signifying the end of an era in Venezuela and uncertainty for the future.
_	Following the announcement that Rihanna would star in the film, it was revealed she would release a concept album based on the animated film.
_	He can't forgive her and throws her out of the house with the announcement that he wants a divorce.
_	In February 2018, following the announcement that Northamptonshire County Council had brought in a "section 114" notice, putting it in special measures following a crises in its finances, Ellis was one of seven local MPs who released a statement arguing that the problems with the authority were down to mismanagement from the Conservative councillors who led it rather than funding cuts from the Conservative Government.
_	Episodes included the announcement that the show represented "twelve million organized men and women, united in the high resolve to rid the world of Fascism in 1942".
_	In August 2017, Bevacqua steered the announcement that the PGA Championship will be conducted annually in May for the first time in 70 years, beginning in 2019.
_	Gaining the upper hand, Ermey attempts to rip out Kilowog's heart, but is interrupted by the announcement that Black Lanterns' rings have reached one hundred percent power.
_	The depth of fond sentiment towards the United States displayed at the time of the announcement that the Great White Fleet would be visiting can be gauged by the following:
_	On February 16, 2004, The Charleston Anime and Manga Society, Inc. made the announcement that Tsubasacon, West Virginia's first ever anime convention, would be taking place later that year in Charleston.
_	Along with the announcement that Byrne would represent Ireland on 13 January, the song to be performed by Byrne, "Sunlight", was also released via a lyric video uploaded on YouTube.
_	On August 7, 2011, after the announcement that "Desperate Housewives" would be concluding at the end of its 8th season, Marc Cherry hinted that he may ask Nicollette Sheridan back for the series finale, "to pay homage to everyone who has been on the show", including Edie and without addressing Sheridan's lawsuit.
_	Kreisberg revealed after the announcement that Allen would first appear as a recurring character on "Arrow" in three episodes of season two—all written by Berlanti, Kreisberg and Johns—and the last of the episodes would act as a backdoor pilot for the new show.
_	However the announcement that the University Grants Committee would provide no further funds from 1966 delayed this and other projects.
_	In 1939, as a result of the labor disturbances and the announcement that Britain was at war with Germany, the bank experienced a run.
_	As expected, the announcement that a Hollywood actor objected to the war was a major source of public outcry and debate.
_	When America entered the World War II in December 1941, Wilcoxon enlisted in the United States Coast Guard, supposedly "leaving his home twenty minutes after the announcement that the States had declared war and proceeding to enlist then and there."
_	On December 10, the official tour logo was revealed along with the announcement that two more dates were added in April for the Tokyo Dome, extending the With Tour to sixteen shows.
_	In April 2016, following the announcement that the series had once again replaced their head writers, a casting call was released for the character of Valerie.
_	The president of Yemen, as you know, just made the announcement that he wasn't running again.
_	On August 7, 2014, ABC announced that it would relaunch its radio network division on January 1, 2015: the change occurred following the announcement that Cumulus would replace its ABC News radio service with Westwood One News (via CNN).
_	Followed by the release of first official single from the album "The White Trash Song" (featuring Scott H. Biram) which premiered on RollingStones.com along with the announcement that the album would be accompanied by a film.
_	Shortly after the announcement that Toyota was moving to Georgetown, Martha Lane Collins, within her capacity as Governor condemned a portion of land belonging to real estate developer Gordon Taub.
_	On March 14, 2013, it was announced that WFNX.com would not continue in its current form after the announcement that the "Boston Phoenix" would be shutting down.
_	K9s4COPs started their first quarter off with the announcement that they would be granting six dual-purpose K9s to six different agencies.
_	This was followed by the reveal of its fully textured and rendered model on April 8, 2015, along with some animations and the announcement that it would be the first playable character implemented in the game.
_	Following the September 11 attacks new risks were identified for which rescue services would need to be better prepared, and the British government responded with the announcement that USAR units were to be established throughout the country.
_	On 27 September 2009, the Secretary of State for Justice, Jack Straw, announced he would appear on the programme, following the announcement that the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats would take part in any edition of "Question Time" that included the BNP.
_	Following the announcement that Wade Boggs's number 26 was to be retired, Holt switched his jersey number to number 12 in 2016.
_	During his tenure at Harvard, Ryan supervised the announcement that Harvard had hired its first non-graduate football coach (Dick Harlow), helped guide Barry Wood during his standout collegiette career, and looked after Franklin Delano Roosevelt Jr. while he was a member of the football team.
_	It was reported after the announcement that since the introduction of the MRU in 2009 it inflated the cost of each episode to $500,000.
_	in January 2009, Better Than Ezra made the announcement that McNabb would be leaving the band as a full-time member in order to concentrate on the increasing demands placed on his time due to Sugarland's brisk touring schedule.
_	The 20-minute film presents the scenario of a nuclear missile strike on the outskirts of Austin and follows the storylines of several characters from the CONELRAD broadcast to the announcement that it is safe to emerge from shelter.
_	In June 2017, X Ambassadors announced that they would donate all the proceeds from their Mississippi Coast Coliseum Show to Unity Mississippi - an LGBT charitable organization, following the announcement that the State of Mississippi signed HB 1523 - the “Protecting Freedom of Conscience from Government Discrimination Act” into law.
_	With the announcement that he would retire after the season, Virginia Tech head coach Frank Beamer took the field one last time to coach the Hokies in the Independence Bowl.
_	Only in the night of 8 September did Badoglio learn from General Maxwell Taylor (the second-in-command of the 82nd Airborne Division, whose intervention was planned for "Giant 2", who had been secretly sent to Rome) that General Dwight Eisenhower would make the announcement that very evening.
_	Upon the announcement that girls were to be admitted for the first time in the Sixth Form, Mr Wilson was quoted as saying, "At this time more and more boys’ schools are finding that the advantages of single sex schooling up to the age of 16 are best followed by having ladies in the sixth form environment as a preparation for higher education."
_	Following the announcement that Wurz would be retiring from the sport, Williams brought in their young test driver Nakajima to drive the second car for them in the final race in Brazil.
_	However, shortly after the announcement that Princess Kiko was pregnant with her third child, the proposal to alter the Imperial Household Law was suspended by Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi.
_	Hollande made the announcement that he was running for President following his re-election as a department executive.
_	Alex Rigopulos said in the announcement that "Rock Band" "takes the core premise of "Guitar Hero" and expands it tenfold.
_	This news was followed on 24 July, 2017 by the announcement that Mercedes-Benz is to join the series starting from season six (2019–20) alongside Porsche, who announced their involvement in season six on 28 July 2017.
_	Upon the announcement that he would be moving to Glasgow, the Chairman of the Court of Heriot-Watt, Lord Penrose, said: ""Professor Muscatelli has been an excellent principal and vice-chancellor for Heriot-Watt University.
_	Since the announcement that "La République En Marche!" would be transformed into a formal political party, however, the conditions of securing an investiture tightened considerably, with candidates expected to be "administratively" attached to the party to prevent public funding (distributed on the basis of electoral results) from being received by the PS or the Republicans.
_	After the announcement that the PC release of "Dark Souls" would use Games for Windows – Live, fans started up a petition to have the game released without the service attached.
_	Air and naval strikes continued despite the announcement that "Decisive Storm" had ended.
_	However, upon the announcement that Kümmert had won, the singer ceded his win to runner-up Ann Sophie with the song "Black Smoke".
_	Following the announcement that same month, British publications reported about Minogue's 12th studio album and commented that she had been collaborating with Australian musician Sia Furler, which Minogue confirmed.
_	After the announcement that he had been selected, he stated that he was "very happy and honoured to represent [his] homeland at Eurovision 2008".
_	The maid Rosine arrives to sort everything out with the announcement that Valère has been secretly married to his maid for three months.
_	This article appeared just five days before Adolf Hitler's announcement of Germany's new air force and a week before the announcement that Germany was increasing its army to 36 divisions.
_	Following the announcement that she would be Senator John McCain's running mate in the November, 2008 U.S. presidential election, Sarah Palin announced that her daughter Bristol was pregnant by Johnston, and that the two would be married.
_	Following the announcement that Nita Cunningham would be retiring because of cancer, Premier Beattie called a general election for 9 September 2006.
_	The story ends at the Oscars, where Billy awaits the announcement that Vito's film has won and Dolly dramatically goes into labor.
_	Since the announcement that the band were to play the Reading and Leeds Festivals in the UK in August, Operator Please continued to play industry showcases in the UK.
_	After the 2004 season he retired again, and he remained inactive for a period, despite the announcement that he signed for Galterud IF ahead of the 2006 season.
_	He returned again in May for Jack and Sarah's wedding; at the reception – held in a barn at Emmerdale Farm – he made the announcement that the residents of Beckindale had decided to rename the village Emmerdale in honour of Annie Sugden.
_	An increase to the DTC was announced in the fall of 2005 in conjunction with the announcement that Canadian income trusts would not become subject to dividend taxation as had been feared.
_	On Saturday 28 May 1859, five weeks after the launch of "All the Year Round", Dickens terminated "Household Words", publishing its last issue with a prospectus for his new journal and the announcement that, "After the appearance of the present concluding Number of "Household Words", this publication will merge into the new weekly publication, "All the Year Round", and the title, "Household Words", will form a part of the title-page of "All the Year Round"."
_	In March when Swift made the announcement that she pulling out of the race for Governor, she openly supported his continued run as Lieutenant Governor on the Republican ticket.
_	However, Marc, who turned down the Vogue job, shows up to honor Penny with the announcement that he will take over her job, shocking Betty in a big way.
_	The decision to cease publication was apparently taken suddenly, as the October issue included the announcement that the format would change in November from large to standard pulp size, and listed two stories planned for the November issue.
_	This reached its zenith with 2009's inaugural women's tournament for the Rugby World Cup Sevens, shortly followed by the announcement that women's rugby sevens will be included in the Olympics from 2016.
_	After the announcement that support and development for FT2 would be stopped, Ruben Ramos Salvador (BakTery) started working on a "FastTracker 3" that is now known as Skale Tracker, available for both Windows, Linux and online.
_	On July 10, 2014, Mayweather made the announcement that a rematch with Maidana (35–4, 31 KOs) was confirmed.
_	Reaction in Belgium to the announcement that Dice had been chosen by internal means was mixed, with some feeling that an open and public selection involving different artists would have been preferable.
_	While the announcement that the tenure of Quality Control coaches Butkus and Charles London would end came on the same day as the public learned that several Bears' offensive coaches would be fired, leading to speculation that London and Butkus were fired for performance issues, the team would later clarify that the Quality Control coaches were signed to contracts set to expire after the 2009/10 season, regardless of the team's final standing.
_	The Wellington Shakers made the finals in 2002, but struggled from 2003 – due to the departure of star Silver Fern Irene van Dyk. van Dyk shocked officials in Wellington with the announcement that she would join the Waikato/BOP Magic.
_	Merger discussions began between British Aerospace and DASA in July 1998, just as French participation became more likely with the announcement that Aérospatiale was to merge with Matra and emerge with a diluted French government shareholding.
_	The title was later awarded to the Missouri Mauler with the announcement that Mauler won it in New York.
_	Despite the relaxation of the ban, it remained in place through the end of the year; Filipino workers largely ignored a government appeal to return home (which included the promise of an amnesty for those who had gone to Nigeria undocumented or in violation of the ban), after the announcement that anyone who returned to the Philippines for the Christmas holiday would not be allowed to depart for Nigeria again.
_	As he leaves the track, he hears the announcement that Fauss has taken the lead.
_	The following month saw the announcement that local businessman Phil Say had been successful in bidding to run the theatre as a nonprofit business operated by a newly formed Community Interest Company.
_	Skorton's time with the University culminated with the announcement that he had been selected to serve the state as the nineteenth president of the university.
_	Casting continued into August 2013, with the announcement that James Spader would play Ultron.
_	Seven years later, the now-Legends Football League made the announcement that they would expand to include a Nashville-based franchise called the Nashville Knights in April 2018.
_	In late August 2014, Who made the announcement that her full-length debut album, "Take Me When You Go", will be released on 7 October 2014.
_	Gamer said of the announcement that Spil “had originally hoped to reach this milestone by the end of 2016, and has now revised its goal up to 150 million for the end of the year"
_	On July 10, 2014, Mayweather made the announcement that a rematch with Maidana (35–4, 31 KOs) was confirmed.
_	The entire 7. "Staffel" at the time was anxiously awaiting the announcement that Müncheberg had been awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.
_	On 31 August 1942, shortly after the announcement that conscription would be extended to all men born between 1920 and 1927, a strike began in the northern town of Wiltz.
_	Less than two weeks later, on August 10, TV Land's last remaining multi-camera sitcom "The Exes" was cancelled as its fourth season was still airing, with the announcement that the final episode would air September 16.
_	The event was discontinued following the announcement that Formula
_	This came with the announcement that the show would return to tour the UK for a third time.
_	The BCC released a draft design report for the project in April 2018 with a project concept displayed publicly for community feedback, following the announcement that Brisbane Metro has been confirmed as a high priority project on Infrastructure Australia's priority list.
_	Merger discussions began between British Aerospace and DASA in July 1998, just as French participation became more likely with the announcement that Aérospatiale was to merge with Matra and emerge with a diluted French government shareholding.
_	He changed that with the announcement that a NASCAR race would be held at the Speedway.
_	'Manta' dresses had been worn by celebrities such as Daphne Guinness, Noot Seear, Anna Paquin, and Lily Cole prior to his death, and following the announcement that he had died, remaining stocks sold out despite prices starting at £2,800.
_	One of the biggest surprises of the 1970 motorsports season was the announcement that Penske Racing had taken over the AMC Javelin program, thus leaving the Camaro Trans-Am program to Jim Hall.
_	The ranks of football independents increased by one starting with the 2011 season with the announcement that BYU would leave the Mountain West Conference (MWC) to become a football independent starting with that season.
_	With the announcement that North Korea will participate in the Winter Olympics, there was talk about a possible Olympic boycott by the United States, after the administration of President Donald Trump, who has been at loggerheads with Kim Jong-un, has issued mixed messages.
_	Subsequent meetings between North and South led to the announcement that the two Koreas would march together with a unified flag in the Olympics'
_	Following the announcement that the committee had failed to reach agreement, a group of government watchdog organizations posted an open letter to President Obama and ranking members of Congress calling for the release of committee working documents.
_	In September 2013, then-Deputy Commissioner Adam Silver, in line to become the next commissioner upon David Stern's retirement in February 2014, made the announcement that the Milwaukee Bucks would need to replace the aging BMO Harris Bradley Center because of its small size and lack of amenities.
_	This was confirmed on May 27 by S.M. Entertainment, with the announcement that Luna would debut as a solo artist with the mini album "Free Somebody" on May 31, with a title track of the same name.
_	On 13 March 2017, the Top 14 was rocked by the announcement that Racing 92 and Stade Français planned to merge into a single club effective with the 2017–18 season.
_	Inspired by a "Kill Bill" theme, the video was filmed at Vasquez Rocks, near Los Angeles, California on 22 September 2009, one day following the announcement that Buchanan was replaced by Ewen.
_	Although O'Malley was only expected to continue until Nicholson had fully recovered, Nicholson's departure from the band saw the announcement that O'Malley will become a full member of the band.
_	Upon opening the door he was met by a woman with the announcement that "our countries are at war".
_	With the announcement that Group A would be expanding from twelve to sixteen nations, Group B would also undergo significant changes.
_	Edwards just after the announcement that his then-wife Elizabeth's cancer had returned, Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni, Norah Jones and Michael J. Fox.
_	Ravelonarivo denied the announcement that he had resigned although he would tender resignation at a "a more opportune moment".
_	Following the announcement that fees in England would be allowed to rise by 2.8%, Durham became one of the first universities in the country to announce it intended to take advantage of this to raise fees to £9,250 for students entering in 2017.
_	With the announcement that the INCO development would not be using the airfield, the Air Cadet Gliding Program once again started using the airfield for gliding operations in May 2008.
_	In post, he was responsible for signing the contract with G4S, which in July 2012 led to the announcement that British troops would be deployed at the Olympics to cover shortfalls.
_	While "Ed" saw ratings improvement, "Titans" attracted only 6.6 million viewers for its Monday debut, and was effectively canceled the next day with the announcement that NBC would not be ordering additional episodes.
_	As an austerity measure, in 1968, No. 3 Wing Zweibrücken was closed and its two squadrons were moved to Nos. 1 and 4 Wing. 1969 brought the announcement that the amalgamation of the Canadian Forces in Europe to one command and two bases, and that the Canadian army in northern Germany (Soest area) would be moving south to Nos. 1 and 4 Wings.
_	Shortly before announcing his resignation in February 2015, Kitzhaber made the announcement that Hayes would no longer be connected to the governorship in any way and would have no political or policy role during his fourth term.
_	December 2009 not only saw Pace's Christmas single, What A Day playlisted by BBC Radio 2 and the whole of the BBC Local Radio Network, it also brought the announcement that Pace is to be Musical Director and house band for Sir Terry Wogan's new live Radio 2 show, Weekend Wogan.
_	Lake preservation entered a renaissance, with the announcement that 7,000 acres (28 km²) of Caddo purchased by the Nature Conservancy were to be merged with the 483 acre (2 km²) Texas Caddo Lake State Park to become the Caddo Lake State Park and Wildlife Management Area.
_	It was revealed in the announcement that his contract, starting on January 1, 2014, would see him begin by traveling to Manchester in England to familiarize himself with the set-up of franchise-owners Manchester City.
_	Podge (or Rodge) opened the show with the announcement that "It's the same oul’ shite", before introducing Morahan with a number of quips such as: "She was "Off the Rails" and now she’s off the dole queue", "A fully nationalised, index approved ride", "Lady Caroline of the Manor" and "Ireland’s answer to Angelina Jolie."
_	It was noted in the announcement that since 1953 Circle Line has transported 70 million people to Liberty Island.
_	After the announcement that Germany has lost the war, Friedrich finally returns home.
_	A candlelight vigil is on Holy Saturday ending late in the night with the announcement that Christ has risen.
_	Following the announcement that Double Helix Games had been purchased by Amazon, Microsoft confirmed that support for "Killer Instinct" would continue, later announcing Iron Galaxy Studios as the developer of its Season Two content.
_	Responding to the announcement that TIE's proposals for teacher training were to be adopted by the SNP, Michael McGrath - former director of the Scottish Catholic Education Service - stated "If it means promoting homosexual activity then that is not the job of a government—to be promoting any form of sexual activity" and highlighted that he did not expect that Catholic schools would be involved.
_	With the announcement that Lansing Township had been made the capital, the small village quickly transformed into the seat of state government.
_	Following the announcement that Brooks would miss 2–4 weeks with an injured pectoral muscle, Walter started the Week 4 game against the Cleveland Browns.
_	Almost four months later, at midnight during the full moon of July 22, 2013, the official website received a completely revamped design with the announcement that November 23, 2013 would be film's official release date.<ref name="Full Moon / Update Correlation 2"></ref>
_	Moses is ordered by God to speak to a rock but initially disobeys, and is punished by the announcement that he shall not enter Canaan.
_	Following the announcement that Sean Kanan (A. J. Quartermaine) was returning to the series in an undisclosed role, rumors began circulating that Kanan might be a recast of Jason.
_	There was initial confusion as to how this game would be distributed to consumers, after the announcement that it would be a multiplayer-only title.
_	This changed in the 1980s, however, with the announcement that construction would begin on two heavy oil upgraders.
_	United and US Airways were in advanced merger talks in late April 2008, following the announcement that Continental had broken off talks with United.
_	Upon the announcement that Annette King intended to stand in the 2017 general election as a List MP only, Eagle stated that he has encouragement from the local constituents to stand for King's Rongotai seat.
_	The biggest news of the preseason, though, was probably the announcement that the team's star player, goalkeeper Bill Hamid had reinjured his knee during the off-season and was forced to have knee surgery that was expected to sideline him for several months.
_	In 2007 at Gen Con Indy, concurrent with the announcement that the 4th edition of "Dungeons & Dragons" would be published the following year, RPGA announced that the Living Greyhawk campaign would not be converted to 4th edition, but would instead be brought to a close.
_	The most influential right-wing extremist groups and websites immediately went on the offensive following the announcement that the Budapest gay parade would be held as usual in 2008.
_	As of June 28, 2009, Yoko Devereaux has ceased operations after the announcement that parent company (Wing Son Garments / WS & Company) has been forced by internal financial issues to withdraw funding.
_	It was a pretty quiet month for the Bulls except for the announcement that Salford City Reds prop Adam Sidlow had signed for Bradford on a two-year deal and would wear the number 27 for 2013.
_	In December, following the announcement that Engen, Press, and Klingenberg would be staying with Tyresö until the end of the Champions League, Harris announced that she was leaving Sweden in order to return to the Washington Spirit for the 2014 season.
_	On June 17, 2014, Sidney Kimmel donated $110 million to Jefferson Medical College, prompting the announcement that Jefferson Medical College would be renamed Sidney Kimmel Medical College
_	The first fights were announced on , along with the announcement that Seo Hee Ham's conflicting schedule led Jewels to release her.
_	In April 2016, Aikawa led the announcement that Mitsubishi Motors had falsified fuel economy data for more than 600,000 vehicles made for Nissan and sold in Japan.
_	In the week following the announcement that Maldonado would not remain with the Williams team in , Maldonado accused his team of sabotage at the .
_	Before the announcement that all matches be held inside the Six Sides of Steel, TNA advertised that only two would be under such rules.
_	On 25 December 2011, he presented his final weekend Capital London, after the announcement that he would replace Johnny Vaughan on "Capital Breakfast (London)" on 3 January 2012.
_	The logo was unveiled on 20 December 2012, along with the announcement that the team's management would be led by Kris Srikkanth, Tom Moody and V. V. S. Laxman.
_	Following the announcement that Prospect Park would reboot "All My Children" as a web series, it was reported that actress Jordan Lane Price was cast in the role of an aged Miranda Montgomery.
_	Following the announcement that it was a satellite launch attempt, the US government stated that it would consider intercepting the rocket if it did not appear to be an orbital launch, while Japan ordered the JSDF, on March 26, to intercept debris of the rocket in case the firing failed and fell in Japanese territory or territorial waters.
_	Following the announcement that Lewis would be an ambassador, she performed a special Live Lounge at the Hackney Empire, with a reggae version of "Better in Time", which incorporated Rihanna's "Man Down", and a cover of Labrinth's "Let the Sun Shine".
_	These were dismantled later with the announcement that spectators found it difficult to follow the action and that "the player seemed to have all the fun in the middle".
_	Linden's arrival at Holby City Hospital in episode "Stolen" surprises staff with the announcement that the Acute Assessment Unit is to be transformed into a surgical admissions ward.
_	On August 12, 2016, they released their first single, "This House Is Not for Sale", and it also followed by the announcement that the album was released on October 21, 2016.
_	The first months of 2011 included the announcement that the station's soul programming, featured prominently on Sundays since launch, would be discontinued.
_	After the announcement that the Evian Masters would be recognized as the fifth women's major by the LPGA Tour, players shared objections to the concept of having a fifth men's major, owing to the long-standing traditions that the existing four have established.
_	After assignments in Central America, Greece and Cyprus, she was appointed ORF correspondent in the USA in April 1987, shortly before the announcement that Austrian president Kurt Waldheim was put on the Watch List of persons banned from entering the United States over suspicions about his wartime record.
_	On July 25, 2018, the first trailer for the series was released alongside the announcement that it would premiere on August 31, 2018.
_	Pournelle wrote after the announcement that "TI once again tells the hobbyists to drop dead".
_	On February 24, 2017, Cody Carnes released his first single with Capitol Christian Music Group called "The Cross Has the Final Word", with the announcement that his debut solo album will be released in 2017, having signed with the label.
_	The ride's simulated POV was released on 13 April 2017, along with the announcement that construction on the ride's station had begun where Kanonen was located.
_	February 2015 also saw the announcement that prisoners will no longer be able to actively participate in the Rune-Gild, due to the institutions reformation in that the system “is based on personal, face-to-face interaction and communication, as well as the establishment of local Halls.”
_	For example, the organisation has welcomed the announcement that prison governors will be given control over budgets and rules in May 2016.
_	By February 2017, Paramount Pictures had dropped domestic distribution rights for "The Irishman" following the announcement that the Mexican financer, Fabrica de Cine, would not be financing the film due to its climbing budget.
_	Later, following the announcement that Tolkien had been awarded a CBE in the New Year's Honours, the Society sent Tolkien a telegram on his eightieth birthday on 3 January 1972.
_	A further blow was the announcement that Adrian Newey was to join Red Bull Racing from the start of 2006.
_	That announcement included the announcement that it would cut 1,600 jobs; three days later it announced it would cut an additional 2,300 jobs.
_	At birth he was named Haakon Magnus, and it was stressed in the announcement that he would go by the name Haakon.
_	The events led to the announcement that Sable and Torrie would face each other at The Great American Bash.
_	This was followed by the announcement that they would disband after another tour, the live album, "The Final Wave" recorded their last performance on 27 January 1986, which was released in October and peaked at number 16.
_	However it was upon the announcement that Lott has topped the chart it was confirmed "All Fired Up" had debuted at number-three on the official charts; behind Maroon 5 and Christina Aguilera's "Moves Like Jagger" who remained at number-two and Pixie Lott at number one.
_	He throws her out of the house with the announcement that he wants a divorce.
_	The increasing popularity of rugby in the United States and the announcement that rugby would return to the Summer Olympics led Texas to upgrade the designation of its rugby program from club to Olympic.
_	In April 2016, the ICIJ made headlines worldwide with the announcement that it and the German newspaper had received a leaked set of 11.5 million confidential documents from a secret source, created by the Panamanian corporate service provider Mossack Fonseca.
_	The article concluded with the announcement that Lloyd F. Lonergan, the scenario writer of the company, had retired from the company.
_	Costello made the announcement that the bill was to be introduced when he was in Ottawa, during an official visit to Canada.
_	Almost a year later, on 2 February 2015; the official artwork for "Give You What You Like" was uploaded via Lavigne's official Twitter account along with the announcement that the song would be featured in the upcoming Lifetime film "Babysitter's Black Book", which premieres on 21 February 2015.
_	Following the announcement that "The X Factor" was returning in 2010, the "Herald Sun" reported that MacPherson was favourite to fill the hosting role but was unable to commit because of his duties on "Dancing with the Stars".
_	Following the announcement that New Orleans Saints placekicker Garrett Hartley would be suspended the first four games of the 2009 season, Carney returned to New Orleans on August 15 on a one-year contract.
_	The article concluded with the announcement that Lloyd F. Lonergan, the scenario writer of the company, had retired from the company.
_	After the announcement that his former Liverpool teammate Steven Gerrard would join the Galaxy in July 2015, Keane confirmed that he would not hand over the captaincy.
_	Teasers for the album was released on August 1, including the announcement that Japanese DJ Daishi Dance had collaborated with the group on a song.
_	On December 1, 2014 they posted an unreleased demo from 2011 titled "Our Time" to their official YouTube account, along with the announcement that they would be releasing new music in 2015.
_	Høie made the announcement that the HIV-prevention drug, PrEP, will be offered free of charge as part of Norway's National Health Service.
_	Despite the announcement that Enix's long-time competitor Square Co., Ltd. would develop exclusively for Sony PlayStation, Enix announced in January 1997 that it would release games for both Nintendo and Sony consoles.
_	Several English clubs were rumoured to be interested in Miglioranzi after the announcement that he would leave Swindon - clubs included the Town's bitter rival Oxford United.
_	Part I (“İhsan”) and Part IV (“Mümtaz”) frame the novel and represent a tense and melancholy twenty-four-hour period culminating in the announcement that World War II has begun in Europe.
_	Perry's last name was changed from "Wade" to "Webb", and the story had him shoot it out in the skies against Ursula's men with the announcement that he would raise a team of pilots next issue of all fallen nations.
_	It is common for "Newsweek" to prepare for the eventuality of either candidate winning, though it was unusual that it was both published and distributed; the cover was pulled from newsstands after the announcement that Donald Trump won the election.
_	In January 2006 he was selected as the SNP candidate for Moray for the 2007 Scottish Parliament elections, following the announcement that Margaret Ewing MSP would be retiring.
_	Following the announcement that the much-anticipated "Final Fantasy XII" would be delayed until sometime in 2004 (eventually released 2006), DigiCube filed for bankruptcy liquidation at the Tokyo District Court on November 26, 2003.
_	With Hammon's outstanding coaching, Hammon was further honored that year with the announcement that she would be inducted into the Colorado Sports Hall of Fame, and with her selection as ESPNW's Woman of the Year.
_	At the time of the announcement that Cullen would front the show, many were skeptical, saying that Cullen would not be scary, or tough enough on the contestants, however many have praised his handling of the show since then.
_	In February 2008, came the announcement that Tim Simenon was reinstating Bomb The Bass to active mainstream duties, with the intended release of a new album, "Future Chaos".
_	Dynasty shocks her classmates with the announcement that she is having a boob job, although Carol is not going to be paying for her surgery.
_	On May 7, 2010, NBC announced that it had given a thirteen episode order for "The Event", followed by the announcement that Evan Katz had signed as showrunner and executive producer.
_	Similar to the announcement that ultimately led to the release of "Ghosts I–IV", a post on the band's website in April 2008 read "2 weeks!"
_	A rebuttal came in the form of a video where González urged those involved to "abandon [that] rubbish" which was followed by the announcement that he was now the legitimate owner of a fraction of the promotion.
_	An early line-up for the first TRNSMT festival was revealed in January 2017, two months after the announcement that T in the Park would not be staged that year.
_	He soon made the announcement that the message was received at Signal Hill in St John's, Newfoundland (now part of Canada) on 12 December 1901, using a kite-supported antenna for reception—signals transmitted by the company's new high-power station at Poldhu, Cornwall.
_	The single was released simultaneously with the announcement that Springfield was to embark on a month-long UK tour, her first live dates in Britain in more than six years.
_	However, he lasted only three months in this position at Coventry, he left the club, along with Adrian Heath, prior to the announcement that Iain Dowie would be the club's new manager following the dismissal of Micky Adams.
_	The schools again became the focus of national media attention in March 2010, upon the announcement that 100% of the first graduating class had been accepted to a four-year college or university.
_	Daley again visited the Englewood Campus at the announcement that the Class of 2011 had followed their schoolmates in having all graduating class members accepted to a four-year college or university.
_	Despite attracting sizeable crowds for the level of ice hockey, the team was disbanded in the summer of 1996 after the announcement that their Riverside Rink was to close, ending a 56-year history of ice hockey in Durham.
_	On May 12, 2012, CBS renewed "Two and a Half Men" for a tenth season, following the announcement that CBS had closed a one-year deal with stars Ashton Kutcher, Jon Cryer, and Angus T. Jones.
_	However, the committee only ever had one meeting after the first resulted in the announcement that a report into the viability of a University for Bristol would require a Registrar at a cost of £1000 per annum.
_	At the end of January 2011, Vision IPTV expanded its operation into the UAE with the announcement that it was opening an office in Dubai, and this was to be launched at CABSAT MENA in February 2011.
_	This was followed with the release of a self-titled album on August 16, 2011, along with the announcement that this would be the last album from Her Space Holiday.
_	Following the announcement that the plebiscite would be pushed back to February 2017, the issue caused significant divisions within the government.
_	A port of "Candy Crush Saga" made using the toolkit, which shared much of its code with the iOS version, was demonstrated, alongside the announcement that the King-developed game would be bundled with Windows 10 at launch.
_	On 25 May, the announcement that Crombie had been awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross was published in a supplement to the "London Gazette".
_	Despite the announcement that Flight 370 ended in the southern Indian Ocean, it was not until 29 January 2015 that the Malaysian government officially declared Flight 370 an accident with no survivors, a move that would allow compensation claims to be made.
_	On October 11, 1997, Rickel vice president for marketing Greg Hanselman made the announcement that the company "ran out of cash" to operate the remaining 49 stores and that the chain was to begin liquidating.
_	In 2010, SEMATECH expanded its cooperation with CNSE with the announcement that the ISMI would relocate its headquarters and operations to CNSE's Albany NanoTech Complex beginning in January 2011.
_	Despite the announcement that Automatik Records was to release the album, the band was looking for a record label to release the new album for the following two years.
_	As of the announcement that they were to compete in the Olympics, Dampney and Mullin were ranked 37th in the world.
_	EHAK made the announcement that they would apply the votes they obtained to sustain the political programme of the now banned Aukera Guztiak platform.
_	"Starbomb" was, eventually, unveiled on December 2, 2013, with a minute-long snippet of "I Choose You to Die" being released on Ninja Sex Party's official YouTube channel on the same day, with the announcement that their debut album would be released in two weeks on December 17, 2013.
_	On February 2, 2018 his single "Come Over", was released, alongside the announcement that Francesco was going to be the opening act on the Canadian leg of Justin Timberlake's Man Of The Woods Tour.
_	Mittal said he was immediately interested in "Orbit" after he remembered the excitement that surrounded the announcement that London had won the Olympic bid.
_	The first term also saw the opening, by Rann, Prime Minister John Howard and NT Chief Minister Clare Martin of the Adelaide to Darwin Railway, the longest north-south railway in the world; a major redevelopment of Adelaide Airport with some state funding, opened by Rann and Howard in October 2005; a commitment to extend the Glenelg to Adelaide tramline and modernise the tram fleet; the announcement that both the US Carnegie Mellon University and the UK's Royal Institution for science education would establish in Adelaide.
_	United and US Airways were in advanced merger talks in late April 2008, following the announcement that Continental had broken off talks with United.
_	On 16 January 2013, exactly one year after the announcement that the band had completed four songs for the album, "Bankrupt!" was revealed as the title of the fifth album and a teaser was released on the Phoenix website.
_	The OPM was founded in December 1963, with the announcement that "We do not want modern life!
_	Progress was welcomed in the country, particularly the announcement that elections would take place on 27 and 28 October, but concern was also expressed at the delay in implementing some parts of the agreements.
_	In 2018 "How to Read Chinese Poetry in Context: Poetic Culture from Antiquity Through the Tang" was published by Columbia University Press, followed by the announcement that the three "How to Read Chinese Poetry" books are being repackaged as the poetry anthology section within the more extensive "How to Read Chinese Literature" series of upcoming companion volumes.
_	During Nintendo's 13 September events, some new trailers detailing the story were shown, along with the announcement that a Chase McCain minifigure would come with the game as a pre-order bonus on North America and Australia while stocks last, and be included in the first copies of the game on Europe.
_	In February 2016, he was one of the four scientists of LIGO/Virgo collaboration presenting at the press conference for the announcement that the first direct gravitational wave observation had been made in September 2015.
_	Consequently, there was little public concern with the issues and debate had been confined largely to academic circles until, in November 2010, the announcement that Prince William was to marry.
_	The show featured the announcement that Hulk Hogan would face WWF Champion Sgt. Slaughter at WrestleMania VII for the title.
_	Within hours of the announcement that Spree Day would be no more, students mounted a massive campaign to "Free Spree" and save Spree Day activities.
_	The night that "Sweet", the final single from "Saturation II" was released, the music video for the song "Follow" was posted, along with the announcement that "Saturation III" would be released before the end of 2017.
_	Following the announcement that they had won the show, their version was released as the winner's single on 11 December 2011.
_	In 2009, following the announcement that "As the World Turns" would be cancelled in 2010, rumors that Howarth would return to "OLTL" regained momentum.
_	After the announcement that KSWB would become San Diego's new Fox affiliate, the station reassumed production responsibilities for its newscasts, with the KTLA simulcast and KNSD-produced 10:00 p.m. news airing for the last time on July 31, 2008.
_	The princess drew criticism in Norway after the announcement that she would start Astarte Education.
_	After the announcement that Henry would face no sanctions, Simon Rice of "The Independent" declared Henry had "got away with it", and compared his lack of punishment to nine other notable sporting incidents:
_	There was a and a of the short film, shown at specific theaters based on the announcement that "Saraba Kamen Rider Den-O: Final Countdown" would be playing at that theater.
_	The first single, "Saturn," was released in March 2017 around the announcement that a space-themed "Planetarium" album would be released June 9, 2017 on 4AD.
_	In November 1992 came the announcement that Network Southeast was withdrawing its support for the show.
_	In 1995, Whitten went public with the announcement that he was suffering from prostate cancer.
_	On March 20, 1962, the newspaper made the announcement that Evans' brother, Amon Carter Evans, would be the new publisher.
_	On 27 September 2016, the previous reports were confirmed with the announcement that Chantelle Connelly had quit the show mid-series.
_	On December 21, 1865, two days after the announcement that the states had ratified the Thirteenth Amendment, which abolished slavery, Wilson introduced a bill to protect the civil rights of African Americans.
_	He resigned several months later, in preparation for the announcement that he would seek political office.
_	The second line-up change was announced on 6 September 2006, with the announcement that Hayley Westenra officially joined Celtic Woman on 24 August 2006.
_	Following the announcement that it would move the station to a new studio facility on Michigan Avenue, Fox Television Stations created an in-house news department for WFLD.
_	The franchise was formed in 2016 as the sixth team to compete in the ANZ Premiership following the announcement that the trans-Tasman ANZ Championship competition would be retired following the 2016 season.
_	The traditional "Peach Bowl" name was reinstated following the announcement that the bowl would be one of the six College Football Playoff bowls.
_	She was confirmed to be doing so in June along with the announcement that Grace Byers would also be joining the series as a series regular, in the role of Reeva Payge.
_	Soon after the announcement that he and Hinder had parted ways, Winkler quickly stated he would continue his career as a solo artist.
_	The consequence of this discrepance was the announcement that Aerolíneas Argentinas flights were to be indefinitely suspended by way of a strike, effective 1 July 1986.
_	The final "Talislanta" supplement published by Wizards of the Coast in 1994 ended with the announcement that Daedalus Entertainment, a small company which had gained some attention for the game "Feng Shui", would be publishing a new edition within the year, written by noted game designer Robin Laws.
_	Government made the announcement that it would put forward a bill that would legalise same-sex marriage, following a decade-long attempt to legislate in the area.
_	On 8 September 2011, Rio 2016 made the announcement that EY would be an official sponsor of the "XXXI Olympic Summer Games" to be held in Brazil, as the exclusive provider of professional services – consulting and auditing – for Rio 2016 organizing committee.
_	Subsequently, Anamaria Prodan said that the team will remain in Cluj-Napoca and that used the announcement that moves it in Buzău to take out the fans in the street and, thus, to persuade local authorities to support the club she leads.
_	Following the announcement that Pudwill had decided to join the Plan B team, Schulte was announced as a new Almost rider and a short video part accompanied the announcement.
_	The series suffered a blow in 2001 with the announcement that Isa Jank was leaving her iconic role as Clarissa.
_	The title comes from a phrase used aboard American naval ships as an instruction to cease activity and listen to the announcement that will follow.
_	Upon the announcement that the song and music video were going to be released, Burke included the song on her set list of the "Jingle Bell Ball" concerts around the country, where other artists including Nicole Scherzinger, Olly Murs and The Wanted also performed.
_	Abbess Joanna Jamieson made the announcement that the Abbey would move from its Victorian abbey, with its . of monastic buildings 'to make the best use of its human and financial resources'.
_	Almost immediately following the announcement that the second Hope Sandoval & The Warm Inventions record would be released by Nettwerk, album track "Trouble" was released as a free-download on their website.
_	This was followed in January 2007 by the announcement that she had been also signed to the major record label, Island Records.
_	It was also during this weekend that Silver Blades made the announcement that their proposal concerning the renewal of the ice time agreement could not be agreed with the club despite the offer of reduced rental costs, which effectively left the club on the road for the next two seasons.
_	Following the announcement that Warner Bros.
_	July started with the announcement that longtime player James Perch was to leave the Reds for newly promoted Newcastle United.
_	Expectations for the Lions were high as the 1999 season began, following the team's promising finish a year earlier, and with the announcement that the Grey Cup game would be played in Vancouver.
_	Following the announcement that Stuart Bamforth had sold the stadium for redevelopment, the last speedway meeting was staged on 1 November 1987, when a double header took place.
_	WTI rose to $69.46 on July 19 with the announcement that Saudi Arabia exports were expected to fall to prevent oversupply and news of lower than expected U.S. gasoline supplies, but Brent crude fell to $72.58 with the end of a strike by Norwegian oil workers.
_	However, following the announcement that Naidoo had been selected to represent Germany, there was public and media backlash in regards to the choice.
_	In the time between the end of the band's promotion of their debut album and the announcement that they had left EMI, the band's MySpace.com blog detailed the recording of a second album in various places including Malmo, Sweden, where the band reportedly worked with Cardigans producer, Per Sunding.
_	Two days after the announcement that the fleet was to be disbanded, "Anglian Prince" was sent to the aid of the UK's newest nuclear submarine HMS "Astute", which ran aground off the Isle of Skye in Scotland during sea trials.
_	Speculation that "Sadness" was vaporware intensified following a number of events, particularly the announcement that Frontline Studios was no longer working on the project (citing "artistic differences") and the game's delay to 2009.
_	According to a well-informed Twitter user, cited by the China Media Project at the University of Hong Kong, the Information Office of the State Council issued a directive immediately after the announcement that "Liu Xiaobo" and "Peace Prize" would be prohibited search terms for microblog services across the country; fora, blogs and other interactive media were forbidden from releasing any information.
_	The production schedule called for 15 full episodes to be produced, rather than the usual 14, due to the announcement that the next full series of "Doctor Who" would not air until 2010.
_	In the Summer of 2013, the Greater Baltimore Committee proposal to build an expanded Baltimore Convention Center and a new arena came up in the Baltimore media due to the announcement that the largest event for Baltimore City, Otakon, would be departing Baltimore in 2017 to Washington D.C. due to the convention quickly running out of room at the Baltimore Convention Center.
_	On December 5, 2017 the station went back to all music in the morning with the announcement that Todd Hollst would be the new host of the Morning Zoo starting on January 4, 2018.
_	Public concerns surrounding spectrum speculators surfaced in 2013 with the announcement that Atlantic City's NBC affiliate WMGM-TV would be sold to LocusPoint Networks, and a belief by local residents that the fate of WMGM was in jeopardy because of their position as a speculator.
_	2018 will also see the club celebrate its 20th Anniversary, which was launched on 30 October 2017 with the announcement that a new logo would feature for the duration of the 20 year celebrations including on a newly designed jersey.
_	However, on the fourth day of the protest, after winning the small concession from the Government with the announcement that it would reintroduce controls on the price of bread, it was decided to end the hunger strike.
_	Following the announcement that WKPT-TV would lose its ABC affiliation to the DT2 subchannel of WJHL-TV, it was announced that much of WAPK's programming, including MyNetworkTV, would move to WKPT-TV, and that WAPK would switch to programming from a digital network, later revealed to be MeTV, WJHL-DT2's former affiliation.
_	A few weeks on from the announcement that the band had gained their reality show, they revealed that they had also signed a joint record deal with Island Def Jam Records and Mercury Records.
_	Part memoir and part spiritual quest, "Walden" opens with the announcement that Thoreau spent two years at Walden Pond living a simple life without support of any kind.
_	When Green Party leader Elizabeth May made the announcement that she would run in Central Nova, then held by Conservative cabinet minister Peter MacKay, local Liberals would "neither confirm nor deny" that they had had discussions with May over ways to unseat MacKay.
_	Following the announcement that the character had been written out of "Grey's Anatomy", Mary Macnamara wrote a critical "LA Times" editorial on the decision.
_	After the announcement that she would be staying with the adult show, Emma Willis announced in July 2016 that she would be presenting "The Voice Kids".
_	The finality of this occasion was mitigated by the announcement that the band would meet for a reunion.
_	Following the announcement that the football club would no longer play at the arena, it was reported that the arena may be closed down and be replaced by a housing estate.
_	It began with the announcement that Wal-Mart would be closing its current location upon opening two supercenters on each end of town, in addition to a Sam's Club.
_	Later in December 2015, ESPN returned live golf to ABC with the announcement that the final round of the CME Group Tour Championship on the LPGA Tour would be broadcast on the network.
_	Cradle's relationship with Roadrunner came to an end in April 2010, with the announcement that the band's next album would be released by the British independent label Peaceville Records, using Cradle's own Abracadaver imprint.
_	Coincidentally, TSU has just hired a new coach, Slug Winters (Jack Haley), who arrives at the college with his wife Bessie (Patsy Kelly) just in time to hear the announcement that the team is to play Yale.
_	On March 7, 2018, following the announcement that Rochester Rhinos would be on hiatus for the 2018 season, Pratzner (along with many of his teammates) signed with Pittsburgh Riverhounds.
_	With the announcement that the Central Coast Mariners would not field a women's team in the 2010–11 W-League season, Foord, along with fellow Mariners players Teresa Polias, Lydia Vandenbergh, and Renee Rollason, all switched to nearby club, Sydney FC.
_	An opening graphic featured the same blue screen and white analog clock ticking down to 9:00 p.m. as preceded the original Nine O'Clock News, followed by an announcement of the time in similar voice and, in parody, the announcement that this was "definitely "not" the Nine O'Clock News."
_	However, this sequence has been broken with the announcement that the 2020 Championship will be at Royal St. George's.
_	During the years between Fallon's "SNL" departure and the announcement that he would take over "Late Night", Fallon concentrated on developing a feature film career, which Fallon himself said "really didn't work out that great."
_	Spring 2012 marked the end of Wexner's chairmanship and the announcement that he was stepping down later in the year, eight years before his appointment would have ended.
_	However, Tecmo replied with the announcement that Team Ninja would not be dissolved upon Itagaki's departure, stating that both the "Ninja Gaiden" and "Dead or Alive" franchises would remain in production and that some projects were already underway.
_	Originally described by singer Myles Kennedy as a "real heavy track," the song was debuted after much anticipation by Roadrunner Records on their website on September 6, 2010 with the announcement that it would be released as the first single from "AB III".
_	On 3 April 2018 this was followed by the announcement that Boxer had been selected by the British Army to meet its Mechanised Infantry Vehicle (MIV) requirement.
_	The Hovis spin-off was followed in June 2014 by the announcement that the company would spin-off its powdered food and drinks manufacturing operations in Knighton into a joint venture called Knighton Foods.
_	The result was the announcement that he would make his debut on the stage of Thúy Nga (in "Paris By Night").
_	Orion Pictures made the announcement that it had agreed to produce "Yentl" as Barbra Streisand's directorial debut in the late summer of 1980.
_	On 22 October 2012, the first single from Pollen, "Ill Fit", was released and followed by the announcement that the album would be released on 21 January 2013.
_	With the announcement that Martin was stepping down as leader of the Liberal Party, a group called "Liberals for Jane" had hoped to see Stewart seek the party leadership.
_	Following the announcement that Christophe Beck would score the film, it was revealed that Meghan Trainor would write an original song for the soundtrack.
_	"Blow Dry" opens with the announcement that the small town of Keighley will host the year 2000 British Hair Championships.
_	WIth both companies fully integrated, Air Canada began massive cuts to employees starting with the announcement that there would be 3500 cuts in the workforce on December 22, 2000.
_	The next day the boy goes to look at the announcement that the priest has died, and then wanders about, further puzzling about his dream and about his relationship with the priest.
_	On September 2, 2011, Sony Japan posted the cover artwork of "B in the Mix: The Remixes 2", along with the announcement that it would feature unreleased tracks.
_	In August 2007, reports emerged that My Bloody Valentine would reunite for the 2008 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio, California, United States; this was later confirmed by Shields, along with the announcement that the band's third studio album (which he had begun recording in 1996) was near completion.
_	First, came the announcement that longtime goalkeeper Bill Hamid would not return in 2018, having agreed to join a team in Denmark, F.C. Midtjylland.
_	Before the announcement that the development would include a mass media complex, there were also other appellations such as "Rockefeller City" and "Metropolitan Square" (after the Metropolitan Square Corporation).
_	In 2012, following the announcement that the 3rd Battalion (ex-Staffordshire Regiment) was to be disbanded, a proposal was submitted to the Army to have the name of the Mercian Regiment changed to reflect its entire lineage and maintain the Staffords name.
_	Two weeks later saw the announcement that "The radiophone musical concerts promised the local amateurs by Doubleday-Hill Co. will start this week and be given regularly hereafter on a schedule which is, for the present, Tuesday and Thursday evening, from 7 to 10 p. m.
_	With the disestablishment of SOC on 28 June 2011 by the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and the announcement that ASBC would be eliminated, Squadron Officer School (SOS) was reinstated back to its original duration as an eight-week resident program at Maxwell AFB.
_	With the announcement that the Asia Cup would be played in the United Arab Emirates, the Emerging Teams Asia Cup was moved to December 2018, with Sri Lanka scheduled to co-host the tournament with Pakistan.
_	According to the Centennial Conference's web site: "On June 4, 1981, Keith Spalding, then-president of Franklin & Marshall College, made the announcement that "eight private colleges found it timely and appropriate to form a round-robin football schedule among institutions with similar attitudes and practices in intercollegiate football competition."
_	The Principal of the school interrupts the daydreaming with the announcement that Michael's activity at Arch Industries the previous evening has earned him a ban from the school's computer lab.
_	After the announcement that SOE had acquired the game "", Smedley addressed that game's players about the perceived threat of major changes to the game: "We've learned a thing or two with our experiences with the NGE and don't plan on repeating mistakes from the past and not listening to the players."
_	During the ceremony, in the presence of this anonymous ruler, an oracle speaking the words of Amun makes the announcement that Hatshepsut is to become the pharaoh.
_	With the establishment of the University of Montana in 1893 and the announcement that the now-defunct Milwaukee Road would be located south of the river, houses began to spread quickly throughout the university and south side districts.
_	Following the announcement that 6 Music was to be closed, Adam and Joe won the best comedy prize at the Sony Radio Academy Awards in May 2010, with Jarvis Cocker winning the rising star award, voted for by listeners, for their 6 Music shows.
_	On June 21, 1913, the Toronto World carried the announcement that properties in Leaside's planned community would be marked in the fall of that year.
_	Toward the end of shooting "True Lies", "Variety" carried the announcement that Carolco had received a completed screenplay from Cameron.
_	On October 24, 2017, Avatar released a new single called "A Statue of the King", along with the announcement that they will release their seventh album, "Avatar Country", on January 12, 2018.
_	A Batman stunt show was added and the announcement that a new inverted looping roller coaster called Batman The Ride would be added.
_	Parks launched her campaign for the newly redrawn California's 26th congressional district in January 2012, following the announcement that Republican Congressman Elton Gallegly would not seek re-election.
_	This was all taking place just after the well-reported opening of the Shanghai system, and the announcement that the Chinese government was examining a 170 km extension of that line.
_	Additionally, in June 2013, upon the announcement that Bobby's stepsister was to return to the program, new actress Mimi Keene said "with Peter, Lucy, Bobby and Cindy to contend with, it'll be a lively household".
_	Coming two months after the announcement that the server implementation of the Gopher protocol was no longer free to use, this produced a rapid shift away from Gopher and towards the Web.
_	Late in 2011, Savage announced that he would be leaving Arizona, a move which followed the announcement that Arizona had hired Rich Rodriguez as head coach.
_	Season 6 ends with the announcement that Tassie Cameron would be leaving her role as executive producer.
_	A refit scheduled to begin in late 1981 was postponed in September until a decision regarding the new carrier was made, then cancelled in January 1982, after the announcement that the RAN would be acquiring HMS "Invincible".
_	Reactions were mixed following the announcement that Saudi Arabia would lift the driving ban on women.
_	However, on 18 April 2006, the announcement that Rini had been elected Prime Minister led to the 'April Riots', which resulted in three days of looting and property damage in Chinatown and, to a lesser extent, the Honiara CBD and its industrial area, Rinadi.
_	It is one of the longest-running television programs in the United States and in May 2011 became the longest-running show on Fox with the announcement that "America's Most Wanted" was being canceled after 23 years (that show's host, John Walsh also appeared many times on "Cops").
_	Commissioner Garber stated at the announcement that the new contracts were "another strong indicator of the League's continued growth and the overall fan interest in our sport".
_	Following the announcement that the Eurofighter Typhoon would be stationed at Coningsby, it was decided that 56(R) Sqn would relocate to RAF Leuchars in Fife, home to 43(F) Squadron and 111 Squadron (with whom 56 Sqn had previously shared Wattisham), flying the Tornado F3.
_	The news of the engagement drew national press coverage, and the announcement that Sherley had broken off the engagement a few weeks later drew even wider coverage.
_	On March 28, 2013, FX renewed the show for a tenth season, along with the announcement that the series would move to its new sister network, FXX.
_	July rounded off with the announcement that prop forward Adam Sidlow had re-signed with the Bulls for another year and home grown second-rower Tom Olbison had signed a new 2 Year Deal.
_	Following the announcement that he would not return to Bayern Munich, he publicly criticized the club's style of play and predicted struggles if changes were not made.
_	After the announcement that the Open would move from Musselburgh to Muirfield, a number of local golfers protested about the change of venue.
_	This puzzlehunt eventually came to be the announcement that "Phantom Brave: The Hermuda Triangle" was set for release in North America and Europe.
_	But her private happiness is darkened by the announcement that there is a risk for a birth defect of the embryo.
_	The image was released to the press the next day, accompanying the announcement that Smith would be playing the Eleventh Doctor.
_	Following the announcement that Philip II, unhappy with the situation in the Netherlands, would dispatch his loyal general Fernando Álvarez de Toledo, Duke of Alba (also known as "The Iron Duke"), to restore order, William laid down his functions and retreated to his native Nassau in April 1567.
_	On 1 August 2005, North American Bus Industries found themselves in financial difficulties, and speculation about the future of Optare was ended with the announcement that Optare had, once again, been acquired by its management.
_	The Iowa Land Company was organized in 1855 with the announcement that a railroad crossing was to be attempted South of Lyons and Fulton, at Little Rock Island.
_	Further on from the announcement that National Irish Bank would be moving towards a cash-free operation, An Post was announced as the third party who will accept lodgments on behalf of NIB.
_	On 13 January RTÉ has confirmed the announcement that Nicky Byrne will represent Ireland in the 2016 Eurovision Song Contest in Sweden with the song Sunlight.
_	On June 12, 2012, Black Mask Studios opened its webstore and officially released Occupy Comics #1 with the announcement that Pulitzer Prize-winner Art Spiegelman, Bill Ayers, Ryan Alexander-Tanner, Jimmy Palmiotti, and Matt Bors had joined the Occupy Comics roster.
_	Seyed Abolfazl Hassani, a senior Iranian education official, stated in defense of the announcement that, "Some fields are not very suitable for women’s nature, such as agricultural machinery or mining, partly because of the hard work involved in them."
_	In 1997, the hopes of many working within the canal restoration movement were raised by the announcement that the Millennium Commission would be making significant grants to enable projects to be completed.
_	When they arrived, Snow and David surprised her with the announcement that the people have voted to elect Regina the leader of the newly united realms, and is joined by Emma, (the original) Hook and their newborn daughter Hope at the last minute.
_	In January 2007, with the announcement that several cabinet Ministers would not be seeking re-election in that October's general election Williams shuffled his Cabinet.
_	In January, Wahid made the announcement that Chinese New Year was to become an optional holiday.
_	This was followed by the announcement that he had been assigned to take over as Chief Operating Officer (COO) of the WWE.
_	The charter traffic continued to grow with the announcement that Allegiant Airlines, would base under a contract with Harrah's Entertainment, to base two Allegiant aircraft at Tunica to ferry customers to Tunica, New Orleans, St. Louis and Council Bluffs, Iowa.
_	However "Silent Cry" was later added along with the announcement that it would be a download-only single.
_	The club was founded by Amadu Meyers in 2016, coinciding with the announcement that it would be joining NPSL as an expansion team for the 2017 season.
_	Following the announcement that South Korean tourists were among the injured, this led to fears that tourism rates would drop at Saipan.
_	The second phase of real-world integration came in January 1990 with the announcement that the 37th TFW would move from Tonopah to Holloman AFB, New Mexico, which would ultimately be delayed due to the Gulf War.
_	December started with the announcement that the Wolfpack would kick off the Magic Weekend in 2018 by playing against Toulouse Olympique in order to promote the international teams within the sport and also promote the RFL Championship to a wider audience.
_	Following the announcement that Terry had won, he performed his winner's single, "When Christmas Comes Around".
_	In March 2018, Syfy and Space announced that Zoie Palmer had joined the series as a guest star in the role of Jolene; followed by the announcement that Chantel Riley had been cast in the recurring role of a bounty hunter character named Kate.
_	The church has been restored to its former colonial splendor, and awaits the announcement that will make it the seat of a new diocese, with the church itself becoming elevated to the status of cathedral.
_	On March 12, 2013 Marsha Feinland, state chair of California's Peace and Freedom Party, made the announcement that the central committee of the party had unanimously endorsed Cindy Sheehan for Governor of California in the 2014 election, should Sheehan choose to run.
_	"Soaps In Depth" said, "A wave of SORAS has hit Genoa City!" in response to the announcement that Bushman had joined the cast.
_	After the announcement that Lukas had been chosen to front the band, the newly formed Supernova closed the show with a performance of "'Be Yourself (And Five Other Clichés)" and "It's All Love" (originally performed with Supernova by Toby and Magni, respectively).
_	This was ultimately changed to Faye Morton, and although Faye did not first appear on-screen until January 2007, the announcement that Patsy Kensit had been cast in the role was made on 14 December 2005.
_	During its E3 2018 press conference, Microsoft bolstered its first-party development operations with the announcement that it had acquired Compulsion Games, Ninja Theory, Playground Games, and Undead Labs, and had established The Initiative, a new studio led by former Crystal Dynamics head Darrell Gallagher.
_	In the 2005 Chief Executive election, the announcement that his ally Henry Tang had dropped out of the race was further bad news about for party.
_	On January 7, 2014, Comstock announced her candidacy for the U.S. House of Representatives from Virginia's 10th District, following the announcement that incumbent Frank Wolf would retire at the end of the 113th Congress.
_	In January 2011, it was announced that Chambers was put on contract with the series, shortly after the announcement that Rebecca Herbst had been let go, who portrays the other love interest of Lucky.
_	The band became active again in 2017, with the announcement that they would reform to embark a North American tour in April and May 2017, with the intention of using the live performances of new material as motivation to finish recording the album, similar to how they had embarked on their first 1999 tour to inspire the completion of "Mer de Noms".
_	Following the announcement that his first feature film The Northlander would be funded by Telefilm Canada, he received a distribution deal with Raven Banner Releasing, and with Spotlight Pictures as international agents.
_	It was announced in December 2009 that RAF Wittering was to become the sole operational base for the RAF/RN Harriers of Joint Force Harrier after the announcement that RAF Cottesmore was to close.
_	Following the announcement that Austin was the new champion WCW Commissioner Nick Bockwinkel declared that Austin would defend his title against a mystery opponent.
_	Following two seasons of injury and chronic fatigue, the young climber signed with the new Australian team, Pegasus, before the announcement that they had failed to obtain a 2011 UCI World Tour license.
_	The segment was inspired by the announcement that in September 2010 Perry would appear as herself on "Sesame Street", though this appearance was later cut from that show because of the outfit she was wearing.
_	The show ended on January 27, 2012 with the announcement that Rome had agreed to a contract with CBS, CBS Sports Network, and Showtime.
_	Another sign of currency stabilization was the announcement that effective June 1996, the ruble would become fully convertible on a current-account basis.
_	This was the result of the announcement that the Copper River and Northwestern Railway (CR&NW) was going to use the town's location as its access to the Pacific Ocean and the Bering River coal fields.
_	Nevertheless, a new campaign, aimed at Warner Bros, was launched following the announcement that the series' first season would not be released on DVD or Blu-ray.
_	When the FSB and SVR are officially merged following their director's assassination, Volodin makes the announcement that FSB director Roman Romanovich Talanov, Volodin's enigmatic enforcer, is the nation's new intelligence chief.
_	During 2010, increasing numbers of Democratic Karen Buddhist Army (DKBA) soldiers defected to the KNLA, or fled to Thailand, following the announcement that the DKBA would be absorbed into the Burmese military government's Border Guard.
_	The first single from the new album, "Answers on a Postcard", was released in June 2011 to coincide with the announcement that Pugwash had signed to EMI Ireland for the release of the new collection, titled "The Olympus Sound".
_	Therefore, taking away the announcement that Wang was victorious.
_	After the announcement that WJKS would lose its ABC affiliation to upstart WJXX, then-owner Media General announced in September 1996 that it would shut down the station's news department, claiming that it would be economically unviable to continue producing newscasts as an affiliate of The WB (this is despite the fact that WB-affiliated stations in other markets—largely those owned by Tribune Broadcasting and Sinclair Broadcast Group, as well as one of the stations that took over the ABC affiliation from WJKS, WBSG—established their own or maintained existing news departments during their network tenures—this was even more ironic considering that WBSG continued to operate a news department when it was a WB affiliate prior to joining ABC); the station's final newscast and the final edition of "Face Off" both aired on December 29, 1996.
_	"The Ultimate Fighter" aired on Spike for 14 seasons, ending its run on the network in 2011 after the announcement that Fox Sports had acquired the U.S. television rights to the UFC under a new, seven-year deal.
_	With the announcement that Hougang United will retain its name after the merger and assimilation of most of Woodlands staff into Hougang's structure, including players and head coach Salim Moin, Woodlands Wellington ceased to exist in the S.League from 2015.
_	Following the announcement that the Climate Commission was to be wound up, there was a large public movement calling for its immediate reinstatement.
_	This came with the announcement that it would also be the final series of the show.
_	After the announcement that Lopez would portray Selena, news media and fans criticized Abraham for choosing Lopez, a New York City native born to Puerto Rican parents, was selected to play a Texan of Mexican descent.
_	Significant work on Thunderbird restarted with the announcement that from version 1.5 onwards, the main Mozilla suite would be designed around separate applications using this new toolkit.
_	The experienced croupier would pay the player 432 chips / $432,000, that is 392 + 40, with the announcement that the payout "is with your bet down".
_	First, Bruce Williams made the announcement that after nearly 35 years, he was hanging up his nationally syndicated radio show.
_	In March 2015, Rossy de Palma, who frequently appears in Almodóvar's films, confirmed she had a role in the film, followed by the announcement that Emma Suárez and Adriana Ugarte were playing the older and younger versions of the film's protagonist.
_	The film was eventually suspended in May 2013 after the announcement that the show would return as a limited series.
_	He also made the announcement that the title to the album would be called "Major Key".
_	On March 27, 2018, following the announcement that Collins' contract was not renewed the previous day, Maryland Eastern Shore announced that Reed will serve as the interim head coach of the team for the 2018-19 season, and will conduct a national search at the end of the season.
_	On January 26, 2002, Dustin Rhodes defeated Scotty Riggs to win TCW Heavyweight Championship but surrendered the title the following day with the announcement that he would be returning to WWE as a full-time competitor.
_	The cancellation coincided with the announcement that Seth MacFarlane, creator of "Family Guy" and "American Dad!", would be creating a "Family Guy" spin-off called "The Cleveland Show", which would take over "King of the Hill's" time slot.
_	The senior vice president of original movies, Tanya Lopez, stated in the announcement that the network was "pleased to be working closely with Natalee's mother" and that they intended to tell the story of Holloway's disappearance "sensitively and accurately."
_	The finale also featured the announcement that series had been picked up for a fourth season.
_	He took up the appointment on 1 September 2009, but resigned in October the same year after the announcement that he was to become an adviser to David Cameron, believing that his resignation was necessary for RUSI to maintain its political neutrality.
_	In early 2016, along with the announcement that "The Voice UK" would move to ITV under a three-year deal, it was announced that the network had ordered "The Voice Kids" for two series, it was announced that the network had ordered "The Voice Kids" for three series a junior version of "The Voice UK".
_	While the announcement that the tenure of quality control coaches London and Luke Butkus would end came on the same day as the public learned that several Bears' offensive coaches would be fired, leading to speculation that London and Butkus were fired for performance issues, the team would later clarify that the quality control coaches were signed to contracts set to expire after the 2009/10 season, regardless of the team's final standing.
_	On March 21, 2018, the official trailer was released which included the announcement that the show would premiere on May 2, 2018.
_	It is given three strokes right after the announcement that "The comedy is over".
_	When the Panic of 1857 disrupted Anthony's plan to move the convention to Chicago, Stone made the announcement that the next National Woman's Rights Convention would be in May 1858.
_	July 23rd brought the announcement that SpeedCast agrees to acquire UltiSat with the intent to create a new government division.
_	Upon the announcement that the character would begin a romance with Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford), a "Coronation Street" insider revealed that it was "a piece of genius by the writers pairing the show's biggest bitch with the vilest villain", and that "the antics they will get up to will obviously cause misery and heartache for many people."
_	On 31 August 1942, shortly after the announcement that conscription would be extended to all men born between 1920 and 1927, a strike began in the northern town of Wiltz.
_	On 1 February 1958, Egypt and Syria boosted the pan-Arabian movement immeasurably with the announcement that they had united as the United Arab Republic (UAR).
_	Those concerns were laid to rest with the announcement that Viaero Wireless, a cellular service provider, would sponsor and invest heavily to ensure its financial viability.
_	June 2007 saw the announcement that the remaining Rio Grande route would not reopen for the 2008 season, and would be replaced by a shorter simplified line.
_	The decision followed the announcement that central government was to go ahead with the Crossrail project.
_	He advised that the announcement that the Amici was being dissolved be handled with great care.
_	The latter responded enthusiastically, and in November of that year, the reunion was made official with the announcement that Godflesh would be performing at a 2010 festival in France.
_	This occurred on the same day as the announcement that another grand jury had been impaneled.<ref name="Nussbaum_8/3/2017"></ref>
_	In the aftermath of the announcement that "Gourmet" was folding, its cookbook, "Gourmet Today", released a few weeks before the news, saw a significant spike in sales.
_	On March 17, 2008, Miller's brand-management group Radar Group was officially launched, along with the announcement that it is managing "Prey 2", slated for the PC and Xbox 360.
_	In 2011 Cal Baptist left the GSAC to join the Pacific West Conference followed by the announcement that Azusa Pacific, Fresno Pacific and Point Loma Nazarene joined Cal Baptist in the PacWest in 2012.
_	While at No. 6, Boise State was able to earn an at-large berth, the announcement that they would be playing No. 4 TCU in the Fiesta Bowl caused a massive outcry and also focused the controversy on the broader issue of truly fair access to Bowl "opportunities", rather than just appearances.
_	In January 2008, the classic lineup of Evan Seinfeld, Billy Graziadei, Danny Schuler and Bobby Hambel made the announcement that rehearsals had begun for a 2008 summer tour to commemorate the band's 20th anniversary.
_	The transition became public knowledge at the 2005 Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), when Apple's CEO Steve Jobs made the announcement that the company would make a transition from the use of PowerPC microprocessors supplied by Freescale (formerly Motorola) and IBM in its Macintosh computers, to processors designed and manufactured by Intel, a chief supplier for most of Apple's competitors.
_	At 18:40, the head of the hospital's emergency department, Dr Fiandri, made the announcement that Senna had died, but said the official time of death under Italian law was 14:17, which is when he impacted the wall and his brain stopped working.
_	Following the announcement that the Westbrook bookmark had been a secret fundraiser, other Serrano and Torres fans asked to pay for catering and music at the event, to feed and entertain kids waiting for a haircut.
_	And the 2nd was MGR refused to speak with B.Saroja Devi during filming of the final scene because it was taken after the shooting incident: during MGR's hospital stay only she made the announcement that she's not going to work with MGR any longer and going to try other major stars.
_	In January 2018, Miller Baking Company made the announcement that it will discontinue all non-Pretzilla products and focus solely on the Pretzilla brand.
_	Following the announcement that HBOS (Bank of Scotland's parent company) would be taken over by Lloyds TSB in September 2008, it was confirmed that the new banking company would continue to print bank notes under the Bank of Scotland name.
_	The Google+ +1 button and count of how many people liked an article were removed in March 2013 shortly after the announcement that Google Reader would be discontinued.
_	In 2015, KU was fundamental in the announcement that Google Scholar will start to index Open Access books hosted by OAPEN.
_	In October 2010, the project moved forward with the announcement that Will Smith would star in the lead role, with the script being written by James Rothenberg.
_	Following the announcement that Oprah Winfrey's talk show would be concluding in 2011, Conan dubbed himself the new Oprah and commanded his audience to buy obscure products.
_	The executioner is an anonymous person sent here from Dresden on the announcement that the king of Saxony had refused to pardon Grete Beier for her crime."
_	Upon the announcement that the baby's eyes resemble Jackson's, a voice laments, "oh no".
_	Before "Alone Again, Natura-Diddily" was broadcast, a promotional commercial aired on television that featured, among other things, the announcement that "one of Springfield's most beloved will die" and a snippet of a scene from the episode with the character Lenny, sitting in the speedway spectator stand, being hit by a car tire, giving the impression that he would be the one who would die.
_	Following the announcement that Peter Sagan would join the team on a three-year deal from 2017, Specialized Bicycle Components announced in August 2016 that they would replace Argon 18 as the team's bike sponsor, having also agreed to a three-year agreement to supply the team's bicycles, helmets, shoes, tires, and wheels.
_	Prison officials made the announcement that Workman had been executed at 1:50 a.m. on May 9, 2007.
_	In June 2005, following the announcement that the series had been cancelled, the fourth season of the series premiered.
_	The following day the show became The Roe Conn Show again with the announcement that Cisco Cotto was leaving to host his own show on WLS from 9 to 11 a.m.
_	This plan was communicated to the German government, along with the announcement that in case of non-fulfilment sanctions in the terms of the Spa Protocol would be applied.
_	Cardinalli's report led to the announcement that "NATO officials have been aware of the recruitment problem for some time, and the former military commander, Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal, issued an order in 2010 warning troops to be on the lookout for under-age recruits."
_	Following the announcement that the U.S. government would withdraw from the Paris climate accord, Bloomberg announced that a coalition of cities, states, universities and businesses had come together to honor America's commitment under the agreement through 'America's Pledge.'
_	Salzburg made the announcement that they had signed a three year contract with Oberlin.
_	He made the announcement that they were out of money, and could no longer pay the staff and the wrestlers.
_	Following the announcement that Jean was to record new material for a forthcoming album, work on the record began in September 2009, following the release of his seventh album, "From the Hut, To the Projects, To the Mansion".
_	It was revealed in the announcement that his contract, starting on January 1, 2014, would see him begin by traveling to Manchester, England, to familiarize himself with the set-up of the franchise owners.
_	It was also noted in the announcement that a new album of rock material would follow the family album.
_	Welles closed down her web site on October 31, 2006, with the announcement that it had "been a fun ride".
_	Yet the announcement that any data collected would not be used to make any decisions until the 2014 Quadrennial Review caused many civil rights groups to formally protest this decision as they claim it allows for further media consolidation.
_	A controversy developed in 2013 with the announcement that Westchester County planned to put sponsorship signage along the trail.
_	The court party was also strengthened by the announcement that the Queen was pregnant.
_	However, a Lotus entry backed by the Malaysian government was later given an entry for 2010 after the selection process was re-opened following the announcement that BMW Sauber would withdraw from the sport at the conclusion of the 2009 season.
_	Nevertheless, NU protesters continued to show their support for Wahid and in April, made the announcement that they were ready to defend and die for the President.
_	This was followed by the announcement that Air Luxor would similarly begin offering flights to the islands.
_	The move came with the announcement that the team would call Ladd–Peebles Stadium home for at least seven years; in fact it remains the program's home as of 2018.
_	This reached its zenith with 2009's inaugural women's tournament for the Rugby World Cup Sevens, shortly followed by the announcement that women's rugby sevens will be included in the Olympics from 2016.
_	The appointments followed the announcement that the then current CEO, Trevor Mather, was leaving ThoughtWorks to take up the role of CEO for the used car sales business Trader Media Group.
_	Right afterwards, Sybil Maiden surprises everyone with the announcement that she is Angelica and Lily's mother (the mother of the twins found on the KLM plane in 1954).
_	The only thing left is the announcement that Ramses and Nefret are going to have a baby.
_	Efforts to this end were escalated in May 2010, following the announcement that Rice was to play a concert with Aretha Franklin.
_	This was followed by the announcement that they'll appear at the 2015 Velvet Coalmine Festival in south Wales, along with acts like Meat Puppets and Nicky Wire.
_	June 2013 brought the announcement that four Rosenblatt Recitals from the 2012-13 season would be broadcast on Monday evenings in July and August on the Sky Arts 2 HD TV channel, presented by Suzy Klein.
_	Week pre-show featured an official teaser trailer for "Sprint Vector" and the announcement that it would be released on PlayStation VR.
_	The second Test at Lord's was preceded by the announcement that Andrew Flintoff would be retiring from Test cricket at the end of the series.
_	Another event in May 2005 was the announcement that OpenOffice.org 2.0 would depend on Java features which free software implementations couldn't provide.
_	In 2008, Timo Tolkki made public that he and Timo Kotipelto had arguments but Koltipelto never really left the band and the announcement that he left was part of a big publicity stunt.
_	As of 3pm on Friday 30 January 2009 Abbey FM stopped broadcasting, shortly after the announcement that the station had been placed into administration by its joint owners CN Group, TLRC and The Radio Business.
_	Upon the announcement that Derek was to show a "softer side", a writer from "Soaplife" said that Derek was certainly not a "baddie we love to hate" and more of a "baddie we [just] hate".
_	This came after the announcement that the park's oldest operating coaster, Galaxi, would be closing after 42 seasons.
_	that Fiennes and Cho had been added to the cast, followed by the announcement that Sonya Walger and Christine Woods had also been cast.
_	Shortly before the third race at Liuzhou, the South African team made the announcement that they would be returning to the fold in Qatar for the fourth race, citing "unprecedented shipping challenges" for their delay.
_	The deal came alongside the announcement that Discover Card would be an official sponsor of Times Square's New Year's Eve 2000 festivities.
_	On 12 December 1911, during the Delhi Durbar, George V, then Emperor of India, along with Queen Mary, his Consort, made the announcement that the capital of the Raj was to be shifted from Calcutta to Delhi, while laying the foundation stone for the Viceroy's residence in the Coronation Park, Kingsway Camp.
_	Production of the short came after the announcement that Kyoto Animation would be producing a "Tonari no 801-chan" television series.
_	January 17, 2013 saw the announcement that the Brazilian MMA Athletic Commission, or Comissao Atletica Brasileira de MMA (CABMMA), had joined the International MMA Federation.
_	As part of the announcement that Unreal Engine 4 would be now free, a new build of the game was showcased during the 2015 Game Developers Conference, offering its first high-textured map called Outpost 23, which is a new version of the level originally revealed in the game's first-in-engine flythrough in July 2014, a new customized Unreal Editor and new characters.
_	The failure of these programs, along with ABC's decision to not renew "Billy" for a second season and the announcement that "Perfect Strangers" was going on a long hiatus, marked the end of any attempt by ABC to program comedies or family fare on that night.
_	Upon the announcement that the suicide scenes were to be shown 50 years later, a "Coronation Street" insider said in an interview, "At the time, it deemed controversial.
_	Elmes to design a new opening for the show after the announcement that Colin Baker would not be returning to the series.
_	Angle then made the announcement that his (on-screen) son was Jason Jordan of American Alpha, thus moving Jordan to the Raw brand.
_	This show followed the announcement that Australia would be invited to enter the Eurovision Song Contest and a petition was started on Change.org to reunite TISM as Australia's representatives.
_	Sometimes this is even encouraged, such as at The Game Awards 2015, when the audience booed in disapproval at the announcement that Konami legally barred Hideo Kojima from making an appearance.
_	The other two DVDs, "Revival" and "The Alice Game", were supposed to come out in December of that year, but were delayed because of the announcement that Geneon USA had decided to cancel its North American releases starting September 2007.
_	The Confucius Peace Prize originated as a response to the announcement that Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo had won the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize; the awarding of the prize to Liu was viewed negatively in China, with some in the government arguing that Liu did not promote "international friendship, disarmament, and peace meetings", the stated goals of the Nobel Peace Prize.
_	The technological development phase of the mission was completed in November 2006 with the announcement that the eight, mission-technology-milestones set by NASA were reached.
_	After the announcement that the Wii U would be adding DS games to the system's Virtual Console, the "GamesRadar" and "Nintendo Life" websites said they wanted "Meteos" to be available on that platform.
_	On March 15, 2018, KBZZ changed calls to KSGG (with the KBZZ calls moving to Quinn's 1230 AM), coinciding with the announcement that 93.7's variety hits format would move to 1270 and 96.1 the following Monday, the 26th.
_	Also showing the magnitude of this work to the composer is the announcement that Morrison's new record label will be entitled Listen to the Lion Records.
_	Florida will be the home of two MLS franchises following the announcement that David Beckham had successfully bid for and will launch a team in Miami in 2017.
_	Seven months after the announcement that the land had been bought and that clearing and construction would commence, the Wall Street Crash of 1929 occurred on October 29.
_	Free Software Foundation founder Richard Stallman commented on the issue following the announcement that Steam would come to Linux; he said that while he supposes that its release can boost GNU/Linux adoption leaving users better off than with Microsoft Windows, he stressed that he sees nothing wrong with commercial software but that the problem is that Steam is unethical for not being free software and that its inclusion in GNU/Linux distributions teaches the users that the point is not freedom and thus works against the software freedom that is his goal.
_	With the announcement that running back Knowshon Moreno was out for the 2011 season on November 14, 2011, Johnson had been promoted by the Broncos to be their third running back on the active roster.
_	Following the announcement that Galloway had signed with NXT, a 30-man Rumble was announced for the WCPW World Championship with Galloway defending and entering at Number 1.
_	On October 24, 2012, the Islanders made the announcement that the franchise will indeed be moving to the Barclays Center in Brooklyn for the 2015–16 NHL season, after signing a lease that would keep the team in the arena until 2040.
_	However, he retracted the announcement that he would be leaving the following day.
_	However, Donnedieu de Vabres, the French Culture Minister, stated at the announcement that the Paris Louvre "would not sell any of its 35,000-piece collection currently on display".
_	The future of coal was dealt a severe blow in November 2015 by the announcement that all coal-fired power stations will be closed by 2025.
_	Bishop Roger Foys included in the announcement that the move would "enable the diocese to upgrade and expand our retreat programs."
_	In May 2011, following the announcement that South Africa will not bid for the 2020 Olympic Games, Ramsamy told Olympic news source "Around the Rings" that he was "disappointed" in the government's decision, but he is "certain" they will bid for 2024.
_	He opened the tribute with the announcement that "with the death of Frank Albert Fetter the great company of American economists has suffered an irreparable loss."
_	With the announcement that the series would conclude 48 episodes after "Through the Looking Glass", they felt comfortable playing flashforwards as early as the third-season finale.
_	A senior American government official also indicated after the announcement that the United States could eventually reopen its embassy in Mogadishu.
_	Following the announcement that Müller was awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize in Literature, "The Land of Green Plums" entered the bestseller list on Amazon.com.
_	This coincided with the announcement that Citigroup Financial would also be removed and replaced by insurer, Travelers Co. Beginning June 2, GM stock traded on the Pink Sheets under the symbol GMGMQ.
_	Hearts first transfer activity over the summer came on the 25 May with the announcement that Jamie Hamill, John Sutton and Danny Grainger had all signed three year contracts.
_	Crime commissioner Marc Jones selected Skelly after the announcement that Neil Rhodes would retire in 2017.
_	The first of February saw the announcement that young South Korean centre-back Bae Soo-yong would join J3 outfit Giravanz Kitakyushu on a season long loan.
_	In Melbourne, the announcement that a public meeting was going to be held on 31 August 1890 to support the maritime strikers sent the Victorian government into precautionary mode.
_	Following the announcement that same month, British publications reported about Minogue's 12th studio album, which Minogue confirmed.
_	Off the field, however, the league world was shocked by the announcement that Penrith CEO Shane Richardson would be quitting his post there to join the Rabbitohs.
_	They also formed a new team called Race Service, following the announcement that Nameless Performance will no longer continue to run and operate their cars.
_	With Churchill's fortunes restored, the narrative jumps forward to September 1939, with the declaration of war against Germany at the start of World War II, and the announcement that Churchill will be taking over command of the Royal Navy again as First Lord of the Admiralty.
_	On February 24, 2014 Eumeria made the announcement that Derek Blakley (Haji's Kitchen and Thought Chamber) had become the new bass player in the band, replacing Shawn Kascak.
_	In February 2018, following the announcement that Northamptonshire County Council had brought in a "section 114" notice, putting it in special measures following a crises in its finances, Pursglove was one of seven local MPs who released a statement arguing that the problems with the authority were down to mismanagement from the Conservative councillors who led it rather than funding cuts from the Conservative Government.
_	Quin was chosen as the Conservative Party's candidate in Horsham in the 2015 general election on 12 March 2015, following the announcement that the incumbent Conservative MP, Francis Maude, would be stepping down at the general election.
_	The Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal were alarmed by the announcement that many of the canals might close, on the basis that removal of one would have a serious effect on another, and sought to oppose the action.
_	Looking into next season, Sebastian will be competing again in Formula Ford 1600s with the stakes even higher following the announcement that the competition will become one of the feeder competitions to the Mazda Road to Indy championship in America.
_	This was followed in 2007 by the announcement that one would open at The Summit, also in Birmingham.
_	Coinciding was the announcement that Hosono would play his first UK concerts as a solo artist in June; the shows were scheduled as part of Sakamoto's MODE festival happening throughout England in June and July.
_	The New year saw the announcement that Matthew Morgan to further his international chances was to be leaving the club at the end of the season and joining Danny Wilson at Cardiff Blues.
_	Despite the announcement that the jury was preparing to deliver the verdict in the case against the four officers, the L.A. Police day shift was sent home.
_	Following the announcement that Congressman Rush Holt would not be seeking another term in office, Bonnie Watson Coleman announced her intention to run for New Jersey's 12th congressional district.
_	Following the announcement that JobServe had gained the stadium naming rights, JobServe owner and club chairman Robbie Cowling announced JobServe would also be the club's shirt sponsor for home and away kits for the 2018–19 season.
_	On 10 March 1987, following the announcement that the Walled City would be converted to a park, the Secretary for District Administration formally requested the Urban Council agree to take over the site following demolition.
_	In 2006, the Air Force announced that Holloman AFB would cease to be the home of the F-117A Nighthawk, coinciding with the announcement that the aircraft was set to be retired from service by 2008.
_	Tolworth was originally planned in the late 1990s following the closure of Kingston Garage and the announcement that the site was to be part sold off and part converted into the new bus station.
_	A new CEO Ben van Beurden was appointed in January 2014, prior to the announcement that the corporation's overall performance in 2013 was 38 per cent lower than 2012—the value of Shell's shares fell by 3 per cent as a result.
_	On April 17, 2017, Pugh made the announcement that she would forego her college career with UCLA and turn professional.
_	After the announcement that Weidman/Machida bout had been moved, a Bantamweight Championship bout between Renan Barão and Raphael Assunção was targeted as the event headliner.
_	Concurrently with the announcement that TVA would obtain French-language rights to the NHL through Rogers' 12-year deal with the league, an multiplex channel known as TVA Sports 2 was announced.
_	The old scoreboard dated from 1996, and its replacement had been rumoured in the media since the time of the announcement that the All-Star Game would be played in the arena.
_	After the recession of the early 1990s and the announcement that Britain's rail network would be privatised, "the Networker revolution faced sudden death".
_	Rison also developed a feud with the Cleveland fans, who were angered over the announcement that the team would be relocating to Baltimore.
_	On April 27, 2007, United Devices closed down grid.org and the Cancer Research Project with the announcement that it "has completed its mission to demonstrate the viability and benefits of large-scale Internet-based grid computing."
_	In April, 2015, Jim Duncan's team made the announcement that he would seek the 2nd District seat.
_	In July 1886 the Canadian government made the announcement that there was an amnesty made available to Dumont.
_	In 2009, following the announcement that embattled 59th District Assemblyman Anthony Adams would not seek re-election, Donnelly announced his candidacy.
_	The fourth season of "Once Upon a Time" was confirmed on May 8, 2014, this announcement was followed by the announcement that the first half of the season will air during the autumn of 2014, while the second half will air during the spring of 2015.
_	July 10, 2008: Todd and Linda Broin provide their $10 million gift to fund the Sanford Project chair position several weeks after the announcement that type 1 diabetes would be its focus.
_	With the announcement that the V8SuperTourer would be debuting in 2012, the team was formed and premises built.
_	The game was officially announced at the 2008 E3 conference during Microsofts presentation, along with the announcement that Metallica's newest album, "Death Magnetic", would be made as content for download for both "" and "Guitar Hero World Tour".
_	For nearly a year after the announcement that the two were working together, no news was heard.
_	He built the hotel upon the announcement that the North Pacific Coast Railroad would start serving Freestone, which would serve as the terminus.
_	Shortly after the announcement that Smith would be a regular member of the cast, "Entertainment Weekly" Michael Ausiello, reported that her character, Hahn, would depart from "Grey's Anatomy" on November 6, 2008.
_	By the mid-Sixties, Holt Renfrew experienced a change of ownership with the announcement that the Canadian Acceptance Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of C.I.T.
_	During World War II, radio was used to propagandize Germany; German POWs would be brought on to speak and assure their relatives they were alive, with propaganda being inserted between the announcement that a soldier would speak and when he actually did, in the time allowed for his family to gather.
_	Although due to continue its run until the end of the year, Baker announced on air on the day of the announcement that that day's show would be his last, branding his BBC London employers as "pinheaded weasels" for the way in which they cancelled the programme.
_	With the announcement that Parliament would be dissolved on 17 March 2006 pending a general election from 6–13 May, the bill is effectively shelved.
_	Following the announcement that Sengoku Lightweight Champion Mizuto Hirota would vacate his belt, Kanehara accepted a challenge from Marlon Sandro.
_	Only the announcement that Atlanta would host the 1996 Olympics broke the stalemate.
_	He consoled them upon the announcement that the victims may have a "zero chance of survival."
_	It was first hinted with the announcement that "Agito" was shutting down in November 2015.
_	Season two began shooting in April 2013, with the announcement that Mayim Bialik would be joining the series as the voice of the time machine.
_	On 21 August 2001 the credit card company EasyMoney was set up with Accucard (now part of Lloyds TSB), which was expanded on 14 February 2005 with the announcement that unbundled car insurance products provided by Zurich would be sold later in the year at EasyMoney insurance.
_	The senior vice president of original movies, Tanya Lopez, stated in the announcement that the network was "pleased to be working closely with Natalee's mother" and that they intended to tell the story of Natalee Holloway's disappearance "sensitively and accurately."
_	There was considerable speculation as to possible production of the GX3; Volkswagen fueled this with the announcement that production would depend on the public reaction to the concept.
_	On October 8, the album cover and album name were released, along with the announcement that pre-orders would be launched from iTunes on Halloween, October 31.
_	Following the announcement that Merkel will run for a fourth term as Chancellor, the Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee Norbert Röttgen has said that Merkel desires to hold "the liberal order, in the trans-Atlantic area, together" and that "the Chancellor is a cornerstone of [the] political concept of the West as acting as a global player."
_	In May 2015, in an evening non-public speech with simultaneous release added but then delayed due to "an internal procedural error" at ECB, Cœuré apparently moved markets the next day in the Euro currency and European stocks and bonds with the announcement that the bank's bond-buying program would be "moderately front-load[ed]" before the summer trading lull.
_	In the run up to the announcement that an invasion force was to be sent to Guatemala, 10,000 Nahua warriors had already been assembled by the Aztec emperor Cuauhtémoc to accompany the Spanish expedition.
_	This reached its zenith with 2009's inaugural women's tournament for the Rugby World Cup Sevens, shortly followed by the announcement that women's rugby sevens will be included in the Olympics from 2016.
_	On June 22, 2010 the IceMen disbanded after the announcement that the IceMen owner purchased the rights to the Muskegon Lumberjacks franchise, from the IHL to take on the same name.
_	The dedication came at the end of the episode after the announcement that Elaine Gordon had died and Carl was crying.
_	This was followed on June 2, 2009 with the announcement that NHL Network and Comcast had reached an agreement to carry the channel on the provider's Digital Classic Tier, which increased subscribership of the channel from the then-estimated two million subscribers in its placement on the "Sports Entertainment" tier to over 10 million on its Digital Classic package.
_	In the fall of 2014 Thomas announced that she would not seek re-election in 2015 as alderman, following the announcement that a former employee would run in her place.
_	In 2009, following the announcement that Shane Miller and Craig Harrison would be departing as owners, Hall put together a working group of local Doncaster businessmen, who would run the club together, and ensure that it was kept secure financially.
_	As part of the celebrations and further expansion of the Sit-Up Shopping channels, a £5 Million Warehouse Clearance event took place from 16 August 2010 for six weeks, following the announcement that the company is relocating its warehouse in Tamworth to a new larger one.
_	Business groups such as London First said following the announcement that the charges were "totally unsatisfactory and unacceptable".
_	This reached its zenith with 2009's inaugural women's tournament for the Rugby World Cup Sevens, shortly followed by the announcement that women's rugby sevens would be included in the Olympics from 2016.
_	It coincided with the announcement that Reece is the newest White Ribbon ambassador.
_	The campaign was denounced by Vodafone as "pretty misleading", shortly followed by the announcement that 2G voice services would not be ended any time soon.
_	Nathan's hard work and great performances through the year culminated in the announcement that he had earned his first representative honour, to play for the Prime Minister's XIII on their annual end of season tour to Papua New Guinea, the only South Sydney player to make in the squad.
_	Despite announcing via Twitter in October, 2014 that BronyCon had dates set through 2025, the 2018 convention ended with the announcement that 2019's show would be the final BronyCon.
_	On 7 February 2016, 36 more bands were added to the bill, as well as the announcement that the Main Stage would be renamed "The Lemmy Stage" in memory of Kilmister, instead of having a band replace Motörhead, it was confirmed that there would be a tribute to Lemmy, which was confirmed at the fan forum to be a 20-minute video.
_	Cisco announced shortly after the announcement that Apple had been in negotiations to use the trademark that Cisco acquired with the purchase of Infogear.
_	After the announcement that Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie Presley planned to divorce, Macdonald joked about their irreconcilable differences on "Weekend Update":
_	But nothing was so disastrous as the debacle surrounding 'Resurrection Blues,' a star-laden production that drew horrendous reviews and closed a week early this spring, just in time for the announcement that the theater would go dark until September."
_	They enjoy a rare day out together, and Hudson goes so far as to offer a song on the vaudeville stage, but their enjoyment is curtailed by the announcement that Britain is about to go to war with Germany.
_	The following month came the announcement that McDonald's would improve the taste of several sandwiches and introduce several new menu items.
_	Following the announcement that the GC17 bid team had been granted an AFL license, it was revealed the new team would be called the Gold Coast Football Club and would play their 2009 season in the TAC Cup.
_	However after the announcement that the Jauz Remix of PLUR Police was the final track of the EP, Rob replied to a fan asking that the song would be on Tom Morello's upcoming solo album.
_	In April 2008 one-time server transfers were added along with the announcement that the original server list was being reduced to four, in an effort to increase server populations.
_	These appointments were accompanied by the declaration of a 60-day ceasefire, and the announcement that any attacks in the name of Shekau were invalid.
_	Initial reaction to the announcement that the game would be a fighting game was received by some with shock and skepticism.
_	On 3 February 2011 Motorola made the announcement that the Cliq XT will not be receiving the 2.1 update and that it would stay on its current Android 1.5 build.
_	Toward the end of shooting "True Lies", "Variety" carried the announcement that Carolco Pictures had received a completed screenplay from James Cameron.
_	However, the Government later stated that the announcement that it had been repealed was wrong, and that it was still on the statute book.
_	However, poor viewing figures resulted first in the cancellation of the weekly "Gazetta Football Italia" show, then the announcement that Bravo would stop showing Italian Football altogether after 23 December 2006.
_	Much of the controversy was settled after the announcement that the founders Jed McCaleb and Arthur Britto would be selling their XRP at a mediated rate over several years, "a move that should add stability and restore confidence to the XRP market."
_	Following the announcement that it would lose its ABC affiliation, WKPT also announced that it would shut down its news department at the same time, owing to the "tough financial challenge" the station would face in running news without an affiliation with a major network.
_	On 14 July 1937 came the announcement that the professional new club would be named Colchester United F.C. – a week after new manager Ted Davis' used his Huddersfield Town contacts enabled the players to be kitted out in the same blue and white strip as his former club.
_	He also added prior to the announcement that a "technical" recession was possible.
_	Soon after the announcement that VP6 would be used on EVD, negotiations between On2 and E-World (the consortium pushing EVD to become a standard) broke down.
_	In 1983, the announcement that it would be produced in San Francisco started a furor; the producers pointedly stated that the show would be set in the 1930s and would have "a greater sensitivity toward the Chinese immigration problems at that time".
_	The unclassified version of the document ends with the announcement that the National Clandestine Service (NCS) will be reverting to its original Directorate name, the Directorate of Operations.
_	When ice conditions finally permitted ship travel, Cresswell finally headed for England, arriving in autumn 1853 with the announcement that the Northwest Passage had finally been located.
_	This was followed by the announcement that the company is investing more than €1 million in a new Google inspired office, and had leased office space in Park House, Blackpool, in what was "one of the most significant office lettings on the north side of Cork city for years".
_	Running throughout the final episode was the announcement that "On the Hour" would be taking over all of Radio 4 to transmit 24-hour "Perma-News."
_	The September 2011 episodes ended with the announcement that the program would be appearing in October 2011 with the new name, "Star Gazers" and the new website stargazersonline.org.
_	The creation of Al Jazeera America was announced on January 2, 2013, along with the announcement that the network had purchased the user generated content channel turned progressive-oriented cable television channel Current TV, which had long been struggling in the ratings and after two format changes had announced in October 2012 that it was considering a sale of the channel.
_	Tatchell stated as part of the announcement that the documentary "will not be an anti-Catholic programme".
_	On June 12, 2012, Black Mask Studios opened its webstore and officially released "Occupy Comics" #1 with the announcement that Pulitzer Prize-winner Art Spiegelman, Bill Ayers, Ryan Alexander-Tanner, Jimmy Palmiotti, and Matt Bors had joined the book's roster.
_	"Formula One Championship Edition" was the final release in Sony's series of F1 games which had been running for over a decade, with the announcement that Codemasters had secured exclusive rights to the sport following shortly after the game's release.
_	Following the announcement that the Kapoor family would become regular cast members, several racist posts left on the "Neighbours" website had to be removed by staff.
_	Fires have sometimes occurred in response to non-sporting events, such as following the announcement that Osama bin Laden had been killed.
_	With the announcement that the film would play at the Toronto Film Festival, four new promotional images were released.
_	In July 2007, immediately following the announcement that the Jersey Conservative Party would be established in opposition to the incumbent government, the Jersey Evening Post reported that he made an accusation that photos picturing Senator Frank Walker with Gordon Brown and Ian Paisley were faked to insert Senator Walker in a letter to Gordon Brown.
_	The show's opening began with a nod to "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson", beginning with the classic "Laramie Peacock" logo used during the 1960s and 1970s, and the announcement that "the following program is brought to you in living color, on NBC", a slogan that would be readopted by NBC soon after.
_	The series resurfaced in October 2013 under the title "Celebrity Name Game", with the announcement that FremantleMedia and Debmar-Mercury would syndicate the new series for the 2014–15 television season.
_	Shortly after the announcement that Princess Kiko was pregnant with her third child, Koizumi suspended such plans.
_	The term "calendar" itself is taken from the "calends", the term for the first day of the month in the Roman calendar, related to the verb "calare" "to call out", referring to the calling or the announcement that the new moon was just seen.
_	Despite the close margin by which Mitchum lost to Capps, as well as the announcement that Capps would retire in 2016, Mitchum ultimately declined a third run for the same seat again, and instead endorsed Assemblyman Katcho Achadjian for the race to succeed Capps.
_	This news followed the announcement that Basingstoke Bison were also leaving to play in the EPL for the 2009–10 season.
_	Following the announcement that Bamforth had sold the stadium for redevelopment, the last speedway meeting was staged on 1 November 1987, when a double header took place.
_	The next day, the League was blindsided by the announcement that longtime 'D.L.' member team, Richmond had purchased the assets of a defunct "American Football League" (former "American Association") franchise, (the Long Island Indians, which lost all three games they played that season) and defected to the other minor league.
_	In January 2006, the game was given its final release date of February 14, along with the announcement that Game Arts would be continuing development on their "Grandia Online" project, which at the time was also scheduled for release that year.
_	This reached its zenith with 2009's inaugural women's tournament for the Rugby World Cup Sevens, shortly followed by the announcement that women's rugby sevens will be included in the Olympics from 2016.
_	With the announcement that the University of Wales will be merged into Trinity Saint David, the University of Wales Press will also be merged into the institution.
_	On 24 April 2013, JLS made the announcement that they would split after the release of their fifth album, "Goodbye – The Greatest Hits".
_	Following the announcement that Haider would return to federal politics, analysts held different opinions on the likely effects of this change.
_	In 2013, with the announcement that ESPN would be launching an SEC cable network under the same name in 2014, SEC Network was re-branded as SEC TV on September 7, 2013.
_	Later, Helms was not pleased by the announcement that Reagan, if nominated, would ask the 1976 Republican National Convention to make moderate Pennsylvania Senator Richard Schweiker his running mate for the general election, but kept his objections to himself at the time.
_	The band's search for a new singer concluded in February with the announcement that original lead vocalist Jesse Leach would return to the band, as the band felt that Leach's energy, as well as his overall comfort and command of both the old and new material, made him the clear choice during auditions.
_	With the announcement that Russia has eliminated the last SS-N-20 "Sturgeon" SLBMs in September 2012, the remaining Typhoons have reached the end of service.
_	Their confrontation is interrupted by the announcement that the Black Lanterns' power levels have reached one hundred percent.
_	With the announcement that the current Clio Renaultsport 200 race car will be replaced from 2014 season, Renault UK and the BARC announced a new entry level series to be known as the Michelin Clio Cup Series with Protyre.
_	The play depicts her arrest and ends with the announcement that she and her son are still under arrest.
_	HKTVE's license was formally approved by the Hong Kong government on 1 April 2015, concurrent with the announcement that ATV's over-the-air license would be revoked on 31 March 2016.
_	The series concludes with Frank faking his own death to evade bailiffs and his growing debts and the announcement that Sheila, who had overcome her agoraphobia, was pregnant by Frank.
_	A subsequent meeting led to the announcement that the tournament would be played in 2007–08, with clubs from all the six nations.
_	On 26 January 2012, the music video for "No Place Like Home" was released on the band's website along with the announcement that it will be the album's first single.
_	Titled "Legend of Earthsea", it angered fans of the Earthsea novels (and Le Guin herself) with the announcement that Ged and the vast majority of the other characters would be played by Caucasians and with the Dramatis personæ posted on the official website (see below), which featured several original characters such as "The Archmagus", "King Tygath", "Diana", "Penelope", "Marion", and several references to "Kargide" (not Kargad, Karg, or Kargish) characters.
_	The timing of the opening was chosen to coincide with the announcement that a new audiology degree would be launched in Scotland.
_	In the midst of the announcement that Justin Timberlake would host "Saturday Night Live" on May 21, 2011, many media commentators speculated that there would be a recurrence of the two characters that he and comedian Andy Samberg portrayed in past SNL Digital Shorts ("Dick in a Box" and "Motherlover").
_	After the announcement that Paige had been injured following the attack, Naomi was granted a match against Bella for the title at Extreme Rules, where she failed to win after interference from Brie Bella.
_	According to an article in "The Scotsman", "Sales picked up last October, when Sir Cameron made the announcement that the show would be closing on March 15th... its closure postponed to May 18th because of an unexpected increase in business."
_	Following the announcement that it would be contracted out to a private company along with HMP Birmingham, the Prison Officers Association threatened industrial action.
_	In February 2014, Bloomberg reported that Microsoft would be lowering the price of Windows 8 licenses by 70% for devices that retail under US$250; alongside the announcement that an update to the operating system would allow OEMs to produce devices with as little as 1 GB of RAM and 16 GB of storage, critics felt that these changes would help Windows compete against Linux-based devices in the low-end market, particularly those running Chrome OS.
_	Following the announcement that Australia was purchasing a British-built cruiser, there was criticism, primarily from the Opposition of the day, stating that such a warship should be built using Australian resources and labour.
_	At 18:40, the head of the hospital's emergency department, Maria Teresa Fiandri made the announcement that Senna had died, but said the official time of death under Italian law was 14:17, which is when he impacted the wall and his brain stopped working.
_	Coinciding with this information was the announcement that "ViaAir plans to base crews and maintenance at the Austin-Bergstrom International Airport, positioning its Austin based operations to expand.
_	Sawyer died within a month of the announcement that a location had been secured, which delayed completion of the marble memorial until December 1927.
_	The suburb and the street, and particularly the Prince of Wales Hotel, became a centre of LGBT culture in Melbourne in the 1980s, an association that continues as the location of the Midsumma Pride Parade since 1995, and in 2017 with the announcement that the Victorian Pride Centre would be located there.
_	It was recently publicly launched with the announcement that the project had successfully removed feral cats from a remote 250 square mile peninsula, Ardnamurchan, through a humane neutering methodology, and planned further expansion.
_	On 17 July, shortly before the start of stage 12, Ricardo Riccò and the rest of the Saunier Duval-Scott team, withdrew from the race after the announcement that he had tested positive for MIRCERA, a new type of EPO, at the end of stage
_	In February 2015, soon after the announcement that the tournament would be split between the Isle of Man and Southern England, the two venues chosen for the group phase of the competition were confirmed as the Kingfield Stadium and Paddy Power Park, respectively the home grounds of Woking, of the Conference National, and Farnborough, who play in the Conference South.
_	A combination of minimal listenership and low advertising lead to a trading halt being placed on parent company WorldAudio, with the announcement that administrators had been appointed to the company a week later.
_	Later, the announcement that the organizers have won the raffle manages to suck the life out of the event.
_	Bowles and Jackson left the show after Season 6 due to discontent about the production; their departure was explained by the announcement that Cory and Trevor had been committed to a mental institution and advised to never return to Sunnyvale.
_	Following the announcement that Penta was going to take over SME, a leading Slovak daily, its publisher, editor-in-chief and 60 members of the editorial staff collectively announced their resignation citing the Gorilla scandal, concerns regarding journalistic freedom and the imminent loss of their readership's trust.
_	After the announcement that a large portion of the original cast (including Kim Hunter) would be leaving "A Streetcar Named Desire" in 1949, the producers put out a casting call for actors to replace them.
_	The CBC later issued a lengthy response to the criticism, including the announcement that "Canadians will still be able to watch "The National" at its regularly scheduled times (9 [ET; 10 p.m. AT] & 10 p.m. [ET]) on CBC Newsworld" on the affected nights.
_	They visited Hensleigh and Fanny to celebrate the announcement that Frank's wife Amy was five months pregnant, and Charles and Emma would shortly become grandparents.
_	The event was first held for New Year's Eve in 2011, following the announcement that Insomniac had pulled out of co-organizing the New Year's Eve festival Together as One due to conflicts with its fellow organizer Go Ventures.
_	Doubt was cast on the future of Aircraft station with the announcement that Williams Landing station would be built just a kilometre along the line.
_	On February 10, with the announcement that "I Forgive (But I Won’t Forget Your Name)" had been released in UK and Italian radio, it was also stated that, an official music video, was filmed the same day.
_	Queensland were motivated by the announcement that New South Wales coach Frank Stanton had been appointed as Australian national coach for the upcoming Ashes series against Great Britain.
_	In December 2016, the Lebanese Parliamentary Committee for Administration and Justice made the announcement that an agreement had been made to repeal Article 522 from the Lebanese penal code.
_	The loss of the mall was significant for the city, but, in 2006, with the announcement that Simon Properties would be renovating the site, city leaders expressed optimism that the new development would flourish.
_	In early 2009, Cyberdyne attracted international media attention with the announcement that it will be marketing and distributing the HAL 5 (Hybrid Assistive Limb) powered exoskeleton, which they claim augments body movement and increases user strength by up to ten times.
_	The series received media attention following the announcement that Edie, portrayed by Nicollette Sheridan, would be killed off close to the end of the season.
_	However, the team nearly made the playoffs when commissioner Richard "Dick" Suess nearly expelled the Green Bay Bombers, Madison Mad Dogs, and Colorado Wildcats after the announcement that they were leaving to start a rival league following the season.
_	Further distress for the Liberals was caused by the announcement that Lady Megan Lloyd George, a former Liberal MP with a national reputation, would be running as the Labour candidate.
_	Aside from an installment that took on the evolution -vs.-creationism edge and a couple of other bits, the satirical edge has really dulled, making the announcement that it will have at least two more seasons a cause for concern rather than celebration."
_	TT-Line (Tasmania) was formed in 1985 following the announcement that the Australian National Line (ANL) would no longer operate a service across Bass Strait with "Empress of Australia".
_	Following the announcement that HBOS (Bank of Scotland's parent company) would be taken over by Lloyds TSB in September 2008, it was confirmed that the new banking company would continue to print bank notes under the Bank of Scotland name.
_	On 9 July 2010, as well as the announcement that "GMTV" had been axed to make way for "Daybreak", it was also revealed that Lorraine's new programme "Lorraine" would replace "GMTV with Lorraine"
_	Taos made the announcement that they were lifting the ban soon after the competition was announced.
_	Following the announcement that Jenkins was connected with the murder of Fiore, VH1 put "Megan Wants a Millionaire" on indefinite hiatus out of respect for Fiore's family.
_	This was followed on September 2 by the announcement that LIN would be acquiring two of the ACME stations, WBDT in Dayton, Ohio and WIWB in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
_	This deal was followed eight days later by the announcement that WXXA-TV in Albany, New York would be sold to Shield Media, LLC, who would then enter into joint sales and shared services agreements with Young Broadcasting's WTEN.
_	On 9 July 2010, as well as the announcement that "GMTV" had been axed to make way for "Daybreak", it was also revealed that Kelly's new programme "Lorraine" would replace "GMTV with Lorraine"
_	2012 saw the announcement that Benson would also write "", a prequel to the Square Enix videogame .
_	In a March 2013 interview following the announcement that a new trilogy of films would be produced, Fisher confirmed that she would reprise her role as Princess Leia in of the "Star Wars" series.
_	O'Brien told a "Variety" reporter at the time of the announcement that he hoped that Weinberg would follow him to Los Angeles and that he also hoped an arrangement could be worked out to let Weinberg go on the road with Springsteen as had been done for past tours.
_	The MCC gained an automatic bid to the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship in 1981, followed by the announcement that Saint Louis University would be joining the following season.
_	This was followed on 13 July with the announcement that DreamCricket.com had raised its pledge to 100 sets, ensuring USYCA of a useful supply of high-quality children's sets with which to approach school systems.
_	On this day we make the announcement that neither al-Quds nor even one of its streets nor even a neighbourhood of its neighbourhoods – and not only all of al-Quds -may be an eternal capital for the so called state of Israel.
_	July began with the announcement that Chase Utley and Brad Lidge would represent the team at the 2008 Major League Baseball All-Star Game, with Utley garnering the most votes of all National League players.
_	A columnist in "Forbes" wrote in response to the announcement that "Discrimination is a nuanced issue, tough to completely clobber with one order from above.
_	Before they can do so, the women are distracted by the announcement that someone is roaming the garden, someone whom the guard dogs are not chasing.
_	As of the announcement that they are to compete in the Olympics, Dampney and Mullins were ranked 37th in the world.
_	In 2008, the University made the announcement that the Red Bombers were to be reborn in 2009 in the Atlantic Football League, along with University of New Brunswick Saint John, Dalhouse University, and Holland College.
_	The Festival's coordinators announced that they would be "incorporating prayers from the pocket edition of The Divine Hours prayer book into the schedule of the festival" as a response to the announcement that Tickle was diagnosed with Stage IV lung cancer.
_	With the announcement that the Commonwealth Games will be held in Glasgow in 2014, further developments are underway.
_	Shortly after the announcement that he was an all-star, a piece in "The Philadelphia Daily News" entitled "The evolution of Carlos Ruiz" summarized his career: "Ruiz, though, was never a major prospect.
_	This positive news was followed on 5 February 2011 with the announcement that fan favourite, and league top goalscorer, René Jarolín, would also return for the 2012–13 season.
_	During Momocon, new designs for both T.O.M and the Absolution were unveiled, along with the announcement that overall design of the block would be changed.
_	In 1990 the Maldwyn Thomas trained greyhounds with the prefix ‘Trans’ began to win trophies and 1992 proved to be a very successful year starting with the announcement that a competition called the Reading Masters would take place.
_	Significant work on Thunderbird restarted with the announcement that from version 1.5 onward, the main Mozilla suite would be designed around separate applications using this new toolkit.
_	The organisers of the event, Luke Twist and Jasiek Mikolajczak, were later nominated as Radcliffe Chimeras captain and President respectively, following the announcement that Ashley Cooper would not be continuing his time as president or captain.
_	Lunge's personal chaplain, Soren Clemmentson, and the latter's own assistants went to every tavern in Bergen with the announcement that the parishioners did not have to donate any more money to the cost of candles for the Mass in the Cathedral.
_	Following the announcement that Haider would return to federal politics, analysts held different opinions on the likely effects of this change.
_	The news of this amalgamation was coupled with the announcement that Canadian Pacific would be implementing cabooseless train operation testing with the goal to eventually replace the manned caboose with an electronic device on all freight trains.
_	Vidra's appointment to The New Republic in October 2014 was soon followed in December by the replacement of Editor Franklin Foer with Gabriel Snyder (previously of Gawker) and the announcement that the magazine -- for decades a small-circulation journal of politics and culture -- was to be reinvented as a vertically integrated digital-media company.
_	The same event, which took place on August 22, 2017 in Los Angeles, brought forth the announcement that it was actually the premiere of a secretly filmed "Hatchet" sequel titled "Victor Crowley".
_	The new rules were put into effect in March before formal passage of the bill with the announcement that temporary contracts for up to a year would be awarded by Farley.
_	More spectacular still was the announcement that June Mathis had selected him to portray Judah Ben-Hur, in the planned picturization of the classic story of "", by Lew Wallace.
_	More notable was the announcement that the game would sport black-and-white visuals stylized as gothic horror.
_	Adams stated the Prime Minister's private secretary had apologised to him for making the announcement that Adams had 'accepted' the position, when in fact Adams' resignation letter was taken to be a request to be so appointed, whatever his own wishes.
_	It was originally revealed as "Codename: Kingdoms" during Microsoft's E3 2010 press conference, along with the announcement that the game was being developed by Crytek.
_	Zee was on the air November 22, 1963 and reported the assassination of President John F. Kennedy and made the announcement that Kennedy was dead.
_	Azmi made the announcement that two retired judges were suspected to be corrupt.
_	This follows the announcement that Chevrolet would be lowering prices throughout the 2017 Camaro lineup.
_	July 2007: Keio University became Google's first library partner in Japan with the announcement that they would digitize at least 120,000 public domain books.
_	In early 2000 Unilever made the announcement that it will be closing the manufacturing plant in St. John's.
_	Cheung resigned his RUSAL and AIA directorships following the announcement that he was under police investigation.
_	On February 14, 2017, following the announcement that Kevin Love would be out for six weeks with an injury, Frye started in his place and had 21 points and 10 rebounds in a 116–108 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves.
_	Very little explanation of the thermotron was mentioned, beyond the announcement that he used the Doppler effect to measure speeds of 3,300 km/s and that the fuel was either lithium hydride or deuterium which was introduced into pre-heated hydrogen.
_	Although some of his co-workers later reported that he resumed regular broadcasts as early as 1919, the oldest documented report of his resumption of broadcasting, presumably over 6XF, dates to early May 1921, with the announcement that the school was inaugurating a Monday and Thursday night schedule consisting of records supplied by "J. A. Kerwin of 84 East Santa Clara street, dealer in phonographs".
_	Jeż died on 16 October 2007 in Rome, Italy, the day before the announcement that Pope Benedict XVI had planned to make him a cardinal (in the consistory of 24 November 2007).
_	Following on from the announcement that new locations were being looked at, Beattie announced that "Most Haunted" would return as an online series for the moment as this is the best way to get the show to as many people as possible, all over the world.
_	The "Los Angeles Times" later ran a picture of Myers, with the announcement that Van had paid $5000 to settle the claim.
_	Following the announcement that Radio Adelaide may face closure, the station's staff and volunteers began a grassroots campaign online and via social media to ensure the station's future.
_	In April 2014, following the announcement that the former Japan Basketball League would be restructured as the National Basketball League, a group was launched to support the formation of a professional basketball team in Hiroshima.
_	Talks resumed on the Monday, however this news was overshadowed by the announcement that a further two days of strikes would be held on Friday 6 November and Monday 9 November.
_	Back in September 2015, "BT Toronto" made the announcement that Kim had joined their team as the new face of "Entertainment City" and "Rogers Your World This Week".
_	On the same episode of "Question Time", Lydon was critical of the announcement that the British Army was to be reduced in size, saying:
_	In partnership with his son, Thomas Walford Grieve, he continued to labour for many years, and the announcement that the scenery for any piece was by Grieve and Son was a sufficient guarantee to the public of the excellence of the work.
_	Ronalds won pre-selection for the Upper House seat of Eastern Victoria in December 2013 following the announcement that predecessor Philip Davis would retire after 21 years in Parliament.
_	Following the announcement that the "Challenger" mission was confirmed for January 28, 1986, Boisjoly and his colleagues tried to stop the flight.
_	Five days before his death, there was the announcement that Cameron would receive the 2006 Bethe Prize for his work on nuclear astrophysics, which was then 50 years old, but still the basis of current research.
_	Guilford County Schools became the first school board to officially deploy Amplify, with the announcement that it would distribute 15,450 Amplify Tablets to the students and staff of its middle schools for the 2013-14 school year.
_	In one episode the local Communists are incensed at the announcement that the small Italian Liberal Party has scheduled an elections rally in their town, and mobilize in force to break it up — only to discover virtually no local Liberals have turned up; the Liberal speaker, a middle-aged professor, speaks to a predominantly Communist audience and wins its grudging respect by his courage and determination.
_	The track was officially released on 6 February 2018, along with the announcement that their album "Chiaroscuro" would be released independently worldwide on 9 March via UNIFIED Music Group.
_	After the announcement that Woodland will merge with Hougang United from 2015 season, Ahmadulhaq was one of the players from Woodlands to be transferred to Hougang, along with teammate Taufiq Ghani.
_	This led to Veolia looking for new partners, with the announcement that it would begin working on new proposals in cooperation with Trenitalia to run services from Paris to Strasbourg, London and Brussels.
_	After the announcement that Sharon Rickman was returning, her son Dennis Rickman, was introduced, along with guest character, Sharon's fiancé John Hewland.
_	Elizabeth tells her that Macon still loves her but they are interrupted by the announcement that Scarlett is in labor.
_	The June 2017 announcement of Lone Star Tangible Assets as the partnering vendor concluded a lengthy evaluation period and followed the announcement that Tom Smelker, the director of Treasury Operations at the Comptroller's office, was named the depository administrator.
_	Shortly after the announcement that a medical school would be established at the adjacent Australian National University, staff at the medical school made a proposal to the National Capital Authority that the old Royal Canberra Hospital hospice and isolation block facilities on Acton Peninsula (which had been heritage listed for a health use) should be leased to the ANU Medical School for teaching and clinical purposes.
_	On November 2, 2011, a day after the announcement that Frank McCourt would be selling the Dodgers, O'Malley expressed his interest in repurchasing his former team.
_	This was followed in 2000 by the announcement that the Institute would be moving from Dublin to new premises in Galway, and the arrival of the larger 65-metre deepwater research vessel RV "Celtic Explorer" in 2002.
_	On December 26, 2003, Glen Haddock, club manager, made the announcement that it was the last night the club would be open.
_	Negotiations about cooperation were reopened after the fall of the second Lubbers cabinet and the announcement that elections would be held in the autumn of that year.
_	In addition, days later, a commander who was a member of the rebel media office confirmed opposition media had exaggerated rebel gains and described the announcement that wide areas of Daraa were captured, as well as the coming of the battle days before it was launched, as "media chaos and publishing [of] inaccurate news" which the offensive's operation room could not restrain.
_	In 2016, the band made the announcement that they would be back in the studio, and during the spring/summer of that year, they toured for the first time in over four years.
_	On 6 May, the second official music video from "Fortitude" was released for the track "Burn The Traitor," which also premiered exclusively on Vevo, along with the announcement that they would be traveling to the US to play the entirety of the 2015 Rockstar Energy Drink Mayhem Festival.
_	He was pre-selected to enter the house with Travis on Day 0 after the announcement that all housemates would be playing the game in pairs.
_	Cuesta continued to help Sastre in 2009, after the announcement that he changed team and joined the new .
_	In 2010 the announcement that the province would have a new name led to a wave of protests in the Hazara region.
_	However, after the announcement that the troops had seen combat, opposition defence critic, Jack Harris stated to the media that "if we're engaged in firefights because we're subject to machine-gun fire, that's not what Canadians were told."
_	After the announcement that Kat is to have a miscarriage, Tony Stewart from the "Daily Mirror" said that after the baby swap storyline, this is perhaps "too much agony for Kat to bear".
_	Rezaee made the announcement that he would run for President on 16 October 2012.
_	All digital releases prior to 8th Edition were invalidated upon the announcement that 7th edition codexes would become obsolete with the arrival of a new edition.
_	In February 2016, prior to the announcement that they were releasing a second album, Mudcrutch was announced as a headliner for both the 2016 Bunbury Music Festival in Cincinnati, Ohio, and the 2016 Summer Camp Music Festival in Chillicothe, Illinois.
_	The addition coincided with the announcement that the university would add women's golf to the sport offerings at UTA.
_	This closure happened 2 months following the announcement that GunZ 2 would be released for free in English on Steam.
_	On 16 November, Wigmore released the promotional single "Cabrona", along with the announcement that her fourth album was titled "Ivory".
_	The film opens with credit sequence set to the soundtrack of "Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves" and the announcement that "Ali Baba comes today."
_	On 30 November, the "London Gazette" carried the announcement that Minifie had been awarded a Bar to his Distinguished Service Cross as a consequence of his "conspicuous gallantry in air fighting throughout October", that resulted in his personal destruction of "several enemy machines".
_	Upon the announcement that the federal government would block the merger, SGX retracted its bid for ASX shares and decided to seek growth opportunities elsewhere.
_	On March 27, 2017, his well-wishers had a pleasant surprise when they read the announcement that he was well enough to make an acting comeback, with a supporting role in the MBC drama "Lookout" a.k.a.
_	The morning papers carried the announcement that the President and his wife would be attending the theater that evening.
_	Brands acquiring the New Zealand Taco Bell rights has risen after the announcement that the Auckland-based company had acquired a Hawaii-based fast food operator of the Taco Bell brand, among others, that operates in Hawaii, Guam, and Saipan.
_	Their logo was unveiled on 20 December 2012, along with the announcement that the team's management would be led by Kris, Tom Moody and VVS Laxman.
_	Following the announcement that CryoSat-2 would be built the CRYOVEX programme was extended.
_	More good news followed with the announcement that George Moncur had signed a permanent contract with the U's on 18 November, tying him to the club until 2017.
_	Despite its role in catalyzing the team that season, the incident has been seen as the beginning of the end of the Yankees' 15-year postwar dynasty, since it also coincided with the announcement that the CBS television network was buying the team.
_	"Hung Up" also appeared with the announcement that the song will be their third single but first as "The Cheek".
_	At the 1990 Los Angeles Auto Show, General Motors President Roger Smith unveiled the GM Impact electric concept car, along with the announcement that GM would build electric cars for sale to the public.
_	A user who later claimed to work for the McCain campaign made changes to Sarah Palin's article just before the announcement that she would run for the vice-presidency.
_	The creation of the SSLM was accompanied by the announcement that most of the Nuer had formally broken away from the government.
_	The two were farewelled with the announcement that a stand at Canberra Stadium would be named after them.
_	After the announcement that the NASCAR Elite Division would be disbanded after the 2006 season the NASCAR organisation encouraged the Elite Division teams to join the SRL series.
_	The announcement of The CW's move to KFMB left XETV's future in question, with a station spokesperson stating on the day of the announcement that the station was evaluating its options.
_	In the episode, "Rapist Anonymous", she makes the announcement that she has passed the exam, officially making her a sergeant.
_	During the announcement that Gliniewicz' death was a suicide, Filenko said, "Gliniewicz committed the ultimate betrayal to the citizens he served and the entire law enforcement community."
_	O'Brien told a "Variety" reporter at the time of the announcement that he hoped that Weinberg would follow him to Los Angeles and that he also hoped an arrangement could be worked out to let Weinberg go on the road with Springsteen as had been done for past tours.
_	The Miriam & Hugh Nunnally Health and Science Building opened in early 2011 at a cost of $15.8 million., followed in March 2011, by the announcement that the House Appropriations Committee of Georgia approved $7.6 million for a classroom and laboratory building, known as the Correll Teacher Education and Learning Center (CTELC).
_	Protests began the night of 12 June 2009, following the announcement that incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad won nearly 63% of the vote, despite several reported irregularities.
_	The final process launched in 1658 and this led to the announcement that Bianconi would be beatified.
_	After Kusakari gave birth to a boy in June, the band made the announcement that they planned to perform a 24-date tour across Japan, Sakanaquarium 2015-2016.
_	On February 19, 2016, concurrent with the announcement that WHAG would lose its NBC affiliation, Nexstar announced plans for a major expansion of the station's news operation that launched on July 1, 2016 (the same day WHAG lost its NBC affiliation), promising 20 hours of additional news programming per-week, including Maryland and Northern Virginia-specific coverage and "West Virginia's only available state-wide local news" (Nexstar had previously announced its purchase of the West Virginia Media Holdings stations).
_	The LDS Church made headlines in September, 1974, with the announcement that it was giving its $60-million chain of 15 hospitals to the communities they served.
_	Nichol denied knowing about the revoked pledge before the announcement that the fundraising goal had been reached.
_	With the announcement that the Cayeux line was to close, the CFBS set up a new company, the Compagnie des Chemins de Fer Touristiques et Industriels de Picardie (CFTIP), which was founded 17 April 1973.
_	The series was just one of a number of commissions made by LWT controller of drama Nick Elliott in 1991, following the announcement that both "The Ruth Rendell Mysteries" and "Inspector Morse" were to cease production.
_	When asked regarding the announcement that Nibris would be present at that year's Electronic Entertainment Expo, Antolski stated that "Nibris always was better in promoting than making anything."
_	Naidu dismissed the announcement that the Military had restored Ratu Josefa Iloilo to the Presidency, saying that it did not legitimize the State of Emergency or the interim government.
_	After the announcement that Ochmann made about that he would not play the character again, the actor Alberto Guerra took up the character for the sixth season of "El Señor de los Cielos".
_	After the announcement that W58CK would become Birmingham's ABC affiliate, then-owner Allbritton Communications agreed to invest in an in-house news department for the station.
_	Criticism followed the announcement that 21 book-lending services were at risk of closure in Northamptonshire, after the Conservative run County Council cut £40 million from its budget.
_	The candidacy became vacant following the announcement that the constituency's Labour MP, former Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon, would be stepping down at the election.
_	With the announcement that New Zealand might receive a 6th Super Franchise in the SANZAR Super Rugby competition beginning 2016, the Hawke's Bay union has announced its interest in forming this franchise together with Manawatu therefore effectively resurrecting the Central Vikings brand as a Super Rugby franchise.
_	Immediately following the announcement that Ardern had been elected leader, Labour was inundated with donations by the public, at their peak reaching NZ$700 per minute.
_	On February 5, 2013 following the announcement that Fox programming would move back to WFFT on March 1, the 10 p.m. newscast was cancelled.
_	The logo was unveiled on 20 December 2012, along with the announcement that the team's management would be led by Kris Srikkanth, Tom Moody and V. V. S. Laxman.
_	For example, journalist Tony Parsons quoted the poem in "The Daily Mirror", when criticising the Rome daily "La Repubblica" for writing "Ransom was paid and that is nothing to be ashamed of," in response to the announcement that the Italian government paid $1 million for the release of two hostages in Iraq in October 2004.
_	On 10 June 2014, Ninefold commenced support of Docker with the announcement that Docker 1.0.0 was available.
_	In 2005, with the announcement that Liverpool were planning a new stadium to replace Anfield, Everton met with the then Sports Minister Richard Caborn, the city council and representatives of Liverpool to discuss the possibility of a ground-share.
_	Within a week came the announcement that a bill was to be prepared.
_	In response to the announcement that Google agreed to adopt a "Comprehensive Privacy Plan", EPIC launched a campaign, called "Fix Google Privacy", to encourage Internet users to offer their suggestions to improve safeguards for Google's products and services.
_	After the announcement that FIFA wouldn’t be allowed to fund those associations which did not include women’s football, the Asian Football Federation introduced women's football in Nepal.
_	Widnes kicked off May with the announcement that Anthony Watts signed a 1-year extension keeping him at the Vikings until the end of 2013 also prop/second rower Anthony Mullally rejects a contract extension.
_	The team was renamed Infiniti Red Bull Racing for the 2013 season following the announcement that premium automotive brand Infiniti had become Title Partner and Vehicle Performance Partner of the team.
_	In October 2011, Otero made the announcement that he would seek in 2012 to be elected to the U.S. House of Representatives representing the 14th Congressional District of Florida as a Republican candidate, challenging Rep. Kathy Castor.
_	The election was called on May 2, 2014, by Lieutenant Governor David Onley, upon the recommendation of Wynne following the announcement that the NDP, whose support was critical to the survival of the Liberal's minority government in the Legislative Assembly, would vote against the Liberals' proposed budget.
_	July began with the announcement that Chase Utley and Brad Lidge would represent the team at the 2008 Major League Baseball All-Star Game; Utley garnered the most votes of all National League players.
_	However, upon the announcement that the final "Adelaide"-class frigate would be named for Newcastle, a decision was taken that this policy would end and in future RAN ships would receive their own battle honours, ensuring that "Newcastle", the first ship in the RAN so named, would not inherit the honours of .
_	The suspension came shortly after the announcement that Blalock wouldn't be allowed to compete in the Lady Carling Open.
_	The segment was inspired by the announcement that Perry would appear as herself on "Sesame Street".
_	The expansion pack was officially announced at E3 2003; although, there was significant speculation preceding the announcement that Electronic Arts was making a second expansion pack to "Battlefield 1942".
_	On the November 7 episode, video packages were shown hyping the match, with the announcement that both Goldberg and Lesnar would come face-to-face the following week.
_	In May 1998, Acxiom made the announcement that it would acquire one of its competitors, May & Speh.
_	The NFL completed its new television agreements on December 20, with the announcement that NBC would retain the rights to the AFC package.
_	The event overshadowed the announcement that Alan Shearer (expected to retire that season) had extended his playing contract for a further year and was to take up a coaching role with the club.
_	Following the announcement that JoJo was moving into a new direction with the album, she also went on to announce in an interview with 'Billboard magazine' that "'Demonstrate'" will now serve as the albums brand new lead single from the yet-to-be titled third studio album.
_	Following the announcement that Canberra had submitted an EOI application and kicked off its bid, fellow bidder, the Wollongong Wolves, confirmed they welcomed the friendly competition from the Canberra bid and re-stated their commitment to the region no matter what the outcome on October.
_	Following the announcement that the film would be funded through their inaugural Micro-Budget Production Program, Telefilm Canada named Kyle Thomas one of "10 Canadians to Watch at Cannes" in 2013.
_	On March 20, 2017, the calendar was revised with the return of Cascavel and the announcement that the first race would not be held with wildcard drivers.
_	This was made public in early March 2013, along with the announcement that the band would release an album on June 11.
_	Dalton surprised everyone on 12 April 1994 with the announcement that he would not return as James Bond.
_	McClusky made the announcement that she was going to leave "Today Tonight" as she was expecting twins, and will not return.
_	Hastings stated in the announcement that "LG Electronics was the first of our technology partners to publicly embrace our strategy for getting the Internet to the TV, and is the first to introduce a Blu-ray player that will instantly stream movies and TV episodes from Netflix to the TV."
_	The story had gone to press in many publications before a 15 November Reuters story from Stockholm with the announcement that the prize that year was being awarded to William Henry Bragg and William Lawrence Bragg "for their services in the analysis of crystal structure by means of X-rays".
_	However, upon the announcement that Kümmert had won the national final, the artist immediately forfeited his win so that runner-up Ann Sophie could go to Eurovision with the song "Black Smoke".
_	Upon the announcement that rival drugstore chain Walgreens would acquire Rite Aid, Walgreens said that there would be no immediate changes to Rite Aid's current loyalty program Wellness+.
_	The planet is now under even more public scrutiny with the announcement that its atmosphere contains water vapor.
_	In February 2016, she was one of four LIGO scientists present for the announcement that the first direct gravitational wave observation had been detected in September 2015.
_	On 6 January 2003, Shirley confirmed via his website that the band would begin recording that month, followed by the announcement that the basic tracks had been completed on 5 February and that the release was to be mixed in April.
_	Several members resigned after he was sacked, and prior to the announcement that mephedrone was to be banned, the trend continued when Dr Polly Taylor resigned, saying she "did not have trust" in the way the government would use the advice given by the ACMD.
_	Hird returned as senior coach for the 2015 season, and after a strong start, the club's form severely declined after the announcement that WADA would appeal the decision of the AFL Anti-Doping Tribunal.
_	The reading of Kenny's will to Kyle, Stan, and Cartman is interrupted by the announcement that Kenny is still alive.
_	On 22 November 2013, Dr Francis made the announcement that he would be standing down as the Member of Parliament for Aberavon at the 2015 general election.
_	The statement included the announcement that "the President’s senior advisors would recommend that he veto H.R. 2216" unless various changes were made.
_	Kurn Hattin Homes for Children garnered national attention when the school was featured on CBS Evening News January 20, 2014, following the announcement that its music teacher, Lisa Bianconi, was a finalist for the inaugural Grammy Music Educator Award.
_	With the announcement that Koiranen will be a promoter of the championship, the Spanish F4 championship will be scheduled to start in 2016.
_	In February 2018, following the announcement that Northamptonshire County Council had brought in a "section 114" notice, putting it in special measures following a crises in its finances, Bone was one of seven local MPs who released a statement arguing that the problems with the authority were down to mismanagement from the Conservative councillors who led it rather than funding cuts from the Conservative Government.
_	After a dramatic 7% decline in the British market share, from 16% to 9%, and the announcement that it had sustained a loss of £260 million in 2006/2007, in August 2007 EMI was acquired by Terra Firma Capital Partners, which purchased it for £4.2 billion.
_	Soon after the announcement that Pizarro would be joining the team, a large group of Werder Bremen fans lined up to buy the new Pizarro jersey showing that Pizarro is still appreciated in Bremen, seven years after leaving the club.
_	Returning series news included the start of production on season two of "Snatch" in Spain's Costa Del Sol and the announcement that "Entourage's" Kevin
_	On May 17, the band made the announcement that the new album 'Post Mortem' would be released on August 23.
_	The book ends with the announcement that Vi is pregnant.
_	In response to the announcement that Bryan would be attending the trial, renowned lawyer and committed agnostic Clarence Darrow volunteered to serve on Scopes' defense team.
_	The other two cities at the time of the announcement that were in the running were the cities of Atlanta and Daytona Beach.
_	Six days after the announcement that Condoleezza Rice was going to take the position Danforth submitted his resignation on November 22, 2004, effective January 20, 2005.
_	Monica returned to competition in 2003 with the announcement that figure competition would be part of the sport of bodybuilding.
_	Following the announcement that Womack would be leaving the series, Simons' departure was also announced.
_	In June 2015, following the announcement that MPs were to be awarded a 10% pay rise, Bridgen again spoke out, criticising wealthier Cabinet Ministers for publicly turning down the additional money, which he said he would take himself.
_	When asked about the announcement that Tik Tokk, a former member of the Gospel Gangstaz, had been arrested on July 6 for his alleged involvement in a Bibb County, GA shooting, Chille' Baby said, "It was a major, major shock."
_	With this victory he became the eleventh Puerto Rican boxer to win multiple world championships and unified this championship with the minimum division's one until he vacated it following the announcement that he was going to continue in the light flyweight division.
_	This news was followed by the first single from the album, "Carsick", along with the announcement that Zack Baker was the new drummer replacing Martinez.
_	With the announcement also came the announcement that phpBB was now newly independent, and that the team leaders would be collectively taking charge of the decisions in the future of the project.
_	In August 2005, Bowden made the announcement that he would stand down at the 2006 state election to take up "an invitation from the international business community."
_	At its president-day location, the first plans for a new community began in 1905 with the announcement that the Wichita Valley Railroad would be built through the area.
_	Wren's first major transaction was the announcement that the team would not re-sign center fielder Andruw Jones (who later would sign with the Dodgers).
_	After the announcement that New Leaf would receive an amiibo update a new series of 50 Animal Crossing RV cards was announced, plus an additional series of 6 cards based around characters by Sanrio.
_	Dr Attila Vegh, the Chief Executive, resigned shortly before the announcement that the judicial review decision had been unsuccessful.
_	The character and casting was announced on 19 September 2013 alongside the announcement that Lee Mead would be joining that show as new nurse, Lofty Chiltern.
_	The conclave, however, is interrupted by the announcement that Pharamond has been murdered.
_	The first official teaser poster for the new season was released on April 4, 2013, on the show's Facebook page, along with the announcement that the 15-episode season would premiere on Netflix on May 26, 2013.
_	This speculation was encouraged by the band members' high-profile individual activities since completing their final US tour, in late August 1966, and the announcement that, unlike in previous years, they would not be performing any concerts in Britain at the end of the year.
_	Following the announcement that would fold at the end of 2011, Eisel joined Mark Cavendish in moving to .
_	He also mentioned in the announcement that fans can challenge him at a special Fortnite event called the "Red Bull Rise Till Dawn" in Chicago, Illinois on July 21, 2018.
_	On January 7, 1978, two days after Radio City Music Hall President Alton Marshall made the announcement that the iconic Art Deco theater would close on April 12, 1978, Rosemary Novellino, Dance Captain of the Radio City Music Hall Ballet Company, formed the Showpeople's Committee to Save Radio City Music Hall.
_	Development of the series began in early 2010 with the announcement that Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci, screenwriters of the first two live-action films, would be creating the series.
_	Casting began soon after with the announcement that Peter Cullen and Frank Welker would reprise their roles as Optimus Prime and Megatron.
_	This reached its zenith with 2009's inaugural women's tournament for the Rugby World Cup Sevens, shortly followed by the announcement that women's rugby sevens will be included in the Olympics from 2016.
_	With the announcement that Vukovic's suspension would not be lifted for the Olympics, suggestions were made that Bouzanis would be included in the squad but this did not eventuate.
_	In February 2013 after the announcement that Nicola Roxon would retire from federal politics, Bracks was cited as a possible candidate for her safe Labor seat of Gellibrand, but he ruled out running for the seat.
_	Following the announcement that Hadash leader Mohammed Barakeh was resigning prior to the 2015 elections, Odeh was elected as the party's new leader.
_	Various groups began to organize themselves in preparation for planned elections, which was given urgency by the announcement that London was considering joining Kenya, Uganda, and Tanganyika into an East African federation.
_	This was to help alleviate unexpected traffic pressure on the route caused by the announcement that SeaFrance was going into administration.
_	It was also noted in the announcement that the show had received low ratings.
_	His return was confirmed on 29 October 2007 following the announcement that Patsy Palmer and Sid owen were reprising their roles as Bianca and Ricky; he reappeared on-screen in April 2008.
_	Following the announcement that JoJo was moving into a new direction with the album, she also went on to announce that the R&B slow jam will serve as the album's lead single from the yet-to-be titled third studio album, replacing "Disaster", which was released almost a year earlier.
_	After the announcement that Loring Air Force Base would be closed, funding from the Defense Reauthorization Bill provided for the creation of the Maine School of Science and Mathematics at the site of Limestone High School, which was going to lose many of its students upon the closure of the base.
_	A few weeks after the announcement that McGree returned to Club Brugge, he returned to the A-League, joining Melbourne City on a season-long loan.
_	In early 2016, along with the announcement that "The Voice UK" would move to ITV for three years, it was announced that "The Voice Kids" had been ordered for two series.
_	A hashtag campaign accompanied the announcement that partners would gain anonymized data specific to texters using the "BAY" keyword to text in.
_	On October 24, 2012, the Islanders made the announcement that the franchise would indeed be moving to the Barclays Center in Brooklyn for the 2015–16 NHL season, after signing a lease that would keep the team in the arena until 2040.
_	The FC Edmonton Supporters Group was formed in early 2010 by five members of The Voyageurs, a Canadian national team supporters group, in response to the announcement that an Edmonton team would compete in the North American Soccer League in 2011.
_	In May 2006, a 20-year effort by the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum led to the announcement that 30–50 million pages would be made available to survivors, historians and others.
_	At midnight on February 28, 1977, on the heels of the announcement that NBC's NIS format would be discontinued, the format was changed to automated country, using Drake-Chenault's "Great American Country" format under the WAMZ callsign.
_	This decision was in light of the announcement that funding of LSIS by BIS would cease by 1 August 2013.
_	If the destination address was local, but referred to a user name not found in the local password file, the message sent back to the originator of the email was the announcement that the person they were attempting to communicate with was not a typewriter.
_	Hanh assisted South Vietnam President Dương Văn Minh in the announcement that there would be a transfer of power to the Provisional Revolutionary Government of the Republic of South Vietnam.
_	In early 2017 Pastor of Our Lady of Peace Parish, Rev. Ray Thomas made the announcement that Bishop George Murry of the Diocese of Youngstown ordered the parish to close two of the three church's.
_	The letter followed the announcement that several long-time tournaments would not be returning in 2010 and amidst complaints from tournament directors that Bivens's management style and approach was counterproductive.
_	In January 2001, Wahid made the announcement that Chinese New Year was to become an optional holiday.
_	The unclassified version of the document ends with the announcement that the National Clandestine Service (NCS) will be reverting to its original Directorate name, the Directorate of Operations.
_	In September 2011, the HBC began downsizing the Zellers chain with the announcement that it would sell the majority of the leases for its locations to the U.S.-based retailer Target Corporation and close all of their remaining locations by early 2013.
_	Romfo surprisingly returned to the club on 12 January 2010, following the announcement that he was being resigned to the team to provide injury cover.
_	Sjakie shows up and makes the announcement that the Flodders are not evicted until their house is sold, which eventually ends the fight.
_	His official departure on April 4, 2007 was followed a day later by the announcement that Morgantown native Bob Huggins was resigning his post at Kansas State University to take the vacant head coaching job at WVU.
_	After the announcement that the show would be returning, Davies revealed that the new companion would "probably" be called Rose Tyler in an edition of "Doctor Who Magazine" published in November 2003.
_	This news came 24 hours after the announcement that Patsy Palmer, his on-screen wife, was also returning to the show.
_	The bid received a significant boost on 30 July 2008, with the announcement that the confectionery company Mars committed to being the proposed club's major sponsor.
_	2012 started with the announcement that they would switch to Nissan for 2013 making them the first team to switch manufacturers for the new regulations.
_	Despite the announcement that Enix's long-time competitor Square would develop exclusively for Sony PlayStation, Enix announced in January 1997 that it would release games for both Nintendo and Sony consoles.
_	Mark Pinsky, on the other hand, wrote in his book "The Gospel According to The Simpsons" that when the announcement that an episode of the show would focus on gay marriage was made, "it stoked a debate that few issues and few television shows could."
_	On 5 April they released their new single "Keeper" along with the announcement that their debut album "Better Weather" was going to be released on 17 June worldwide.
_	Day 6 began with the announcement that 20th seed Mikhail Youzhny was withdrawing from his third round encounter with Łukasz Kubot due to a right wrist injury.
_	Following the announcement that "Dance like We're Making Love" would serve as the album's second single, "Give Me Love" was given an official US urban contemporary impact date of June 9, 2015.
_	Upon the announcement that Steven Moffat would leave the show in December 2017 and be replaced by new showrunner Chris Chibnall, this decision led to speculation over whether Capaldi would remain in the role or leave alongside Moffat.
_	Upon the announcement that the scenes were to air 50 years later, a "Coronation Street" insider told the "Daily Mirror" that "At the time it was deemed too controversial.
_	This was confirmed on April 11 by A Plan Entertainment, with the announcement that Eunji would debut as a solo artist with the mini album "Dream" on April 18, with a title track "Hopefully Sky".
_	Following the announcement that the Kapoor family would become regular cast members, staff had to remove several racist posts left on the "Neighbours" website.
_	It was named "Little Smokey", with the announcement that the bear couple had "adopted" the new cub.
_	With the announcement that Hoonigan Racing would be withdrawing from the sport at the end of the 2017 season, Bakkerud was left to find a drive for the new season, an on 31 January 2018 announced that he would be joining the EKS Audi Sport team, driving an Audi S1 EKS RX quattro.
_	Bryant Gumbel makes the announcement that a plane has crashed into the World Trade Center.
_	Jeanne officially assumed the mantle of "Dear Abby" in August 2002, when the Phillips family made the announcement that Pauline had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
_	By July 2013, after the announcement that KPTM would be acquired by Sinclair, the station announced it would discontinue its agreement with INN and return production of the 9 p.m. in-house, with station management citing viewers' dislike of the outsourced production model.
_	With the announcement that the Premier would be resigning it left many wondering if Brazil, who was initially thought to easily hold on to the seat for the Tories, would be able to win now that the party's popular leader was stepping down.
_	The percentage of the vote was consistent with previous by-election wins the PCs had before the announcement that Williams was retiring.
_	On November 5, the album cover for "Azure" was revealed, closely followed by the announcement that Infinite F would be debuting in Korea the following week.
_	He was said to have been delighted at the announcement that Cork had become the European Capital of Culture in 2005.
_	On November 24, 2009, along with the announcement that Adam Green would return to write and direct, it was announced that Kane Hodder would reprise the role of Victor Crowley.
_	This was helped by the announcement that Maurice Lippens, from the supervisory board, had personally bought a large number of shares (at just below €9 per share).
_	After retrieving the book, Cedric is about to try his spell again, when the group hears the announcement that the Royal Guests are arriving.
_	On 14 June 2011, Channel 5 made the announcement that they will now air the British version of "The Bachelor", a spin-off of the popular American reality series, "The Bachelor".
_	Fans of the band were disappointed by the announcement that, in a break from the tradition established in 1963, the Beatles were not playing any UK shows over the Christmas period.
_	In January 2012, the sub-units name, Speed was revealed along with the announcement that they would release the digital single "Lovey Dovey-Plus", a "hommage" track to T-ara's hit "Lovey-Dovey".
_	In 1998 upon the announcement that Bryan Mosley was leaving "Coronation Street", an insider at "Granada TV" claimed "Bryan Mosley is a Coronation Street legend and no one wanted to see him ever leave".
_	On 31 May 2011 following the announcement that the Gourock - Dunoon ferry service would become passenger-only from the end of June, it was announced that "Jupiter" was to be scrapped.
_	In 2016, Malone stood in the Green Party leadership election, following the announcement that incumbent leader Natalie Bennett would not be standing.
_	With the announcement that HPCA authority could not provide the required security for Pakistani team, the match was moved to Eden Gardens, Kolkata.
_	At the "Rush Kappa" party, Cathy makes the announcement that Kappa will be required to accept anyone who wants to become a pledge.
_	In December of 2011 Camille Marino of the hard-left animal liberation website Negotiation is Over posted an alert on her website titled "Military Now Recruiting Guards for FEMA Domestic Detainment/Internment Camps." containing the usual warnings about the end of civil liberties and the announcement that the U.S. Army is looking for "a Few Good Totalitarians" to herd dissenters into camps.
_	Upon the announcement that established character David Wicks was returning to the show, Lisa Maxwell was cast as his girlfriend, Naomi, who appeared in September for one episode.
_	The protests were timed to coincide with the announcement that Chief Theresa Spence of Attawapiskat was launching a liquid diet to demand a meeting with Prime Minister Harper and the Governor General of Canada to discuss Aboriginal rights.
