_	When step 3 has been executed times, then, contains the answer that was sought.
_	Conan reads a question and then recites the answer that each of three celebrities gave.
_	Determined to find a cure, Antonio sets sail for Peking in the hope that traditional Chinese medicine has the answer that eludes the West.
_	The arch above the "hot seat" would feature a meter which indicated which answer was more of a lie; the answer that was the most true (the one which had the most lights lit up) was considered the correct answer.
_	While he explains the homework to Calvin in a seemingly scientific and advanced method, the answer that he provides is usually completely incorrect (for example, saying 7+3=73), even though most times the problem only involves simple addition or subtraction.
_	The answer would be put in the same way as the reply, giving the answer that "I might not be a god, gandharva, yaksha or human", or "I would not be a god, gandharva, yaksha or human", though this rendering is liable to other undesirable interpretations.
_	During the Khrushchev Thaw, the answer that emerged was that it would continue to involve central planning to the nearly complete exclusion of market mechanisms, as well as the totalitarian version of collectivism and continuing xenophobia, but that it would no longer involve the extreme degree of state terror seen during the Great Purge era.
_	Once the wife gave her answer, the husband revealed the answer that he previously gave, which was written on a blue card.
_	This was not the answer that Snow wanted, but Charming keeps on assuring her that everything will be okay.
_	Emperor Gaozu accepted the answer that he received from Yuchi Jingde.
_	A question asked in Parliament about whether there was any intention to sign the Convention, resulted in the answer that the Government needed "to conduct a detailed analysis of the provisions of the treaty and their implications for implementation in order to determine the UK's position towards ratification".
_	"Somewhere, there is someone who has the answer that we have been looking for; maybe this will be the thing that will bring that person forward."
_	They received the answer that by the "third fruit" the "third generation" was meant, and that the "narrow passage" was not the isthmus of Corinth, but the straits of Patras.
_	Sheriff Brackett goes on to say that Sheriff Ron Barstow asked Edith what she meant and was given the answer that a thing or something had possessed her grandfather.
_	According to Sim, the provision of the Bill that affirmed the creator’s right to choose the means of distributing his or her work “was the answer that I had been looking for when the process got started.
_	Hyginus tells of the wounding by Achilles, the wound's festering, and Telephus' consulting of the Apollo's oracle, with the answer that "the only thing that could cure him was the very same spear by which he had been wounded."
_	And whoever brought it to him to get it signed, had to be ready with the answer that would satisfy a lawyer -- "by what legal authority" -- as well as what it provides and so forth.
_	Expert shopping is the practice of finding an authority on a given subject whose professional opinion is skewed toward the answer that the searching party already prefers.
_	Afterwards, Zayn al-Abedin prayed and the Black Stone became agitated and nearly fell off the wall; thus came the answer that Zayn-al-Abidin was the true Imam after Husayn, an answer to which Muhammad consented.
_	Once each of these ladies had given birth to a son, Ku had a diviner foretell for him which of the sons was destined to rule the empire, and he received the answer that all four would.
_	Descartes replied to Elisabeth's letter with the answer that this interaction should not be thought of as between two bodies and that it is the kind of union that exists between the two qualities of heaviness and bodies.
_	The author seeks answers, similar to Job's quest for understanding the meaning of suffering, but the author doesn't like or desire only the answer that was given to Job.
_	She concludes with the answer that we all have a responsibility to care for others, and provides a vision for the future in which care and care work are given greater priority and support.
_	Conan reads a question and then recites the answer that each of three celebrities gave.
_	If the correct line was given, it remained lit and the "outside" contestant for that team turned around to give the position of the first letter of the word, then give the answer that Narz was looking for; the entire response would therefore be in the form of "line x, position y, word."
_	I was given the answer that these were Jews who were settled in the Lublin district.
_	Later on, Sheriff Ron Barstow asked Edith what she meant and was given the answer that a thing or something had once possessed her grandfather.
_	Later on, Sheriff Ron Barstow asked Edith what she meant and was given the answer that a thing or something had once possessed her grandfather.
_	They received the answer that by the "third fruit" the "third generation" was meant, and that the "narrow passage" was not the isthmus of Corinth, but the straits of Rhium.
_	Shepherd also asks that the Givernor enquire of Mr Meehan the Deputy Surveyor who was consulted by Governor Macquarie before he gave Shepherd the answer that granted Shepherd that 100 acres.
_	It is a tenet of facilitation that the facilitator will not lead the group towards the answer that he/she thinks is best even if they possess an opinion on the facilitation subject.
_	After blocking his path with a cudgel, he finally gets the answer that his kinsman will soon pass by.
_	They received the answer that by the "third fruit" the "third generation" was meant, and that the "narrow passage" was not the isthmus of Corinth, but the straits of Rhium.
_	This was won by Lucy Proctor of Armstrong, California with the answer that Mary is rescued by a young man in his car.
_	But God catches the wise in their foolishness, and Christ imprisoned the questioner in the answer that contained the task.
_	Here, it is the answer that is controversial, as the response has been variously translated as: "It is the húnn in hnefatafl.
_	Li is boarding a plane and questioning a stewardess why it was not taking off despite being forty minutes overdue, receiving the answer that one last passenger was late.
_	When he begins by questioning the musical rival's claim to know what philosophizing is, he gets the answer that philosophy is polymathy.
_	Even a previously presented guideline "Choose the answer that [best/better] describes you" may be unhelpful in such a situation to responders who worry that endorsing one item or the other will still involve stating it to be accurate or "well"-descriptive to some positive degree.
_	Only if the guideline is presented as "Choose the answer that more accurately or less inaccurately describes you" and the above-described responder is sophisticated enough to reason out his/her response in terms of "Despite the infrequency with which I have nice dreams, I have them [more frequently / less infrequently] than dreams in which animals chase me" (or, in theory, vice versa) will such a responder be willing to answer the question — and phrasing the guideline in this way bears its own cost of making the question reveal less about the respondent's propensities because the respondent is no longer forced to "fake" one way or another.
_	At the beginning of the siege, IFFV Commander in Nhatrang inquired who in the II Corps Headquarters was in charge of the counter-attack in the absence of the Commanding General and got the answer that it was the II Corps Chief of Staff.
_	Wilson then called up the gallery director to ask who actually owned the painting and was given the answer that the Trust belonged to the people of Britain, at some point.
_	Known as the "Silver Fox," Mr. Kay had the rare ability to succeed at a technique known as exploratory cross-examination, where the questioner does not know the answer that the witness will give.
_	Sheriff Brackett goes on to say that Sheriff Ron Barstow asked Edith what she meant and was given the answer that a thing or something had possessed her grandfather.
_	The disguised Alonso received the answer that Alonso Enríquez was the son of a "marrana" (family of converted Jews), at which the supposed servant slapped her.
_	The individual is led unfailingly to its adherence by talking about the dialectic until the individual discovers the answer that was set up unconsciously for him to find.
_	John asks Christ whom is eligible for salvation, and Christ responds with the answer that those who come in contact with the true Spirit will receive salvation, while those who are dominated by the counterfeit spirit will receive damnation.
_	She also asks her about the relative, on which she gets the answer that the shaman is probably an ancestor to the estate.
_	"Million Dollar Money Drop" stands behind the answer that was revealed on the show."
_	get the answer that you really need but not a more general one."
_	From the design bureau office came the answer that the Poles can fly as much as they want, but the manufacturer is responsible only for 5000 flight hours.
_	Jerome records the answer that a young widow, Marcella, gave to Neratius when he proposed to marry her, late in his life: she said that if she wanted to marry again, she would choose a husband, not an inheritance.
_	He stated that pi was equal to 3, leading to a complex sequence of equations which came up with an answer more accurate than the answer that would have resulted if he did the same sequence of equations, but instead having pi equal to 3.1415.
_	The "best" cue has been replaced, and the person only remembers the answer that is most likely and believes that they thought this was the best point the whole time.
_	The format of the answer that the participants must comment is: "(Given word)+(Code)+(Answer)".
_	The player gives the answer that they feel best applies.
_	The newspaper "L'Exclusive" reported on 17 September 1905 that on obtaining information concerning the omission, they had gotten the answer that Vidocq had never been head of the Sûreté.
_	It concerned a man who asked the Delphic oracle’s advice about dishonouring such an oath and received the answer that he would profit for the moment but that it would bring about the destruction of him and his heirs - for Horkos has a son 'who is nameless and without hands or feet, swift in pursuit'.
_	If an average psychologist should be asked to explain how it happens that we often fail to recall a name which we are sure we know, he would probably content himself with the answer that proper names are more apt to be forgotten than any other content of memory.
_	In 1919, the family requested permission from the government to reside in Mainau, and was met with the answer that they were now private citizens and could do as they wished.
_	Frankie then notices that the school looks worse than it normally is and suggest that they all go to see Headmistress Bloodgood about what's going on and apparently, their principal gives them the answer that their school spirit is gone.
_	The respondent is required to click on the box next to the answer that corresponds to the desired choice.
_	She develops feelings for Yūto, one of the few people who managed to befriend her, and who in fact gave her the answer that Yuzuriha couldn't; in the TV anime and movie versions, this causes the Beast to become jealous and kill her by invading and impaling her entire body with its cables.
_	They received the answer that by the "third fruit" the "third generation" was meant, and that the "narrow passage" was not the isthmus of Corinth, but the straits of Rhium.
_	Later queries to the Romanian administration on this subject were given the answer that there are no investigations concerning Timiș.
_	The type of survey being used and the type of setting a subject is in while being surveyed may also affect the answer that the subject gives.
_	All questions require the contestants to select the answer that falls either first or last in a particular sequence (e.g. the first actor to portray a comic book villain in a movie, or the bingo call that corresponds to the lowest number).
_	The format of the answer that the participants must comment is: "(Given word)+(Code)+(Answer)".
_	According to Salon, there was an evident dip in critical year 2003 (when the lead in the drinking water peaked), in the data present in the CDC files, there were test results for children in 2002, only children in 2003, and children in 2004, At the time, Mary Jean Brown had questioned the dip, and had gotten the answer that it was due to a private laboratory not having reported the "low" values they had found.
_	In a 1997 survey of university students in China asking "When somebody talks about Japanese people, what person do you think of", the answer that most gave was Hideki Tojo, reflecting a lingering sense of hurt in China about Japan's wartime aggression.
_	He gets the answer that "the whole country is called "Tamen"" (i.e., "Da Ming"), and its people, "Tamenjins" (i.e., "Da Ming ren", 大明人, "people of the Great Ming").
_	Barbieri came to national attention on February 23, 2015, after asking a doctor giving testimony if a woman could swallow a camera in order to undergo a remote gynecological exam and received the answer that such was not possible as swallowing a pill will not lead it to the vagina.
_	One would look for a consensus from the crowd—the answer that most minds are suggesting is the best answer.
_	At his first contact with the security department at 16:30, the Justice Minister Wickbom asked if the official alert ("rikslarm") had been issued and got the answer that no such alert had been issued, but it would immediately be.
_	Each will take "x" dollars if "x" is greater than the answer that they calculate, and each will take "y" dollars "n" days from now if "x" is smaller than that answer.
_	Amber asks about the previous housemate left and got the answer that she just wanted a change.
_	The young prince was most favourably received, and returned with the answer that the Romans were willing to excuse all the past, out of good-will to Demetrius and from their confidence in his friendly dispositions towards them.
_	However, these models are derived under the concept that the respondent obtains some utility for each possible answer and gives the answer that provides the greatest utility.
_	Retail concentration by one hand is the answer that retail is giving to compete with the giants of agrofood industry.
_	Arriving at the court, he gives the answer that women most desire sovereignty over their husbands, which is unanimously agreed to be true by the women of the court who, accordingly, free the Knight.
_	On the advice of friends, he tried to publish it in Leipzig, but on December 20, 1833 he got the answer that the German censors were told to stop at the border every Hungarian book published abroad, to examine it, and give it back to the owner only if the content was not subject to censorship.
_	The interpreters returned the answer that Solon had warned Croesus of the fickleness of good fortune (see Interview with Solon above).
_	They received the answer that by the "third fruit" the "third generation" was meant, and that the "narrow passage" was not the isthmus of Corinth, but the straits of Rhium.
_	Initially, they ask this of "wise men, philosophers and poets" and receive the answer that "Love is a kiss" - a word present in Maltese, Italian, Spanish, English and German (in the plural) in the lyrics.
_	Aristotle begins by raising the question of the seat of life in the body ("while it is clear that [the soul's] essential reality cannot be corporeal, yet manifestly it must exist in some bodily part which must be one of those possessing control over the members") and arrives at the answer that the heart is the primary organ of soul, and the central organ of nutrition and sensation (with which the organs of the five senses communicate).
_	Frank says to Mickey that it will be a time of life and then walks to Ma and Jade and Malik about the answer that it's going to be and then finds
_	The listener who sent the answer that was closest to the actual number of seconds, won the prize.
