_	I'm sure with training and experience the pilot will be able to increase the overall vehicle-pilot performance once he adapts to the low translational accelerations that are available, as well as the lag that follows along with the anticipation that is required to properly control the vehicle.
_	In the UK, the intention to produce the cars in kit form had been in the anticipation that this would enable buyers to benefit from a significant reduction in the total amount of tax payable, but this does not appear to have been secured.
_	The two s were ordered from British shipyards in the anticipation that France would launch a war of revenge in the near future.
_	Her remaining Caribbean cruises and a transatlantic cruise were cancelled, with the anticipation that she would begin her summer season in the Baltic mid-May.
_	The house was built c. 1882 as a speculative venture by Stephen D. Amazeen, in the anticipation that the New Brunswick Railway might extend service in the direction of its location, and locate a station and junction there.
_	It is reported that Howard Hughes directed his company to submit a bid at a price below the actual production cost of the helicopter, in order to secure this order, resulting in substantial losses on the US Army deal, with the anticipation that an extended production cycle would eventually prove financially viable.
_	Additional considerations include the speed of accessing data following that initially requested and the anticipation that the following data may also be requested.
_	With the anticipation that contract costs would soon be exceeded, and no hope that the supercharged engine would become available, the USAAF would only continue the project as an experiment to evaluate the use of wooden construction and materials in combat aircraft.
_	An integral part of this plan was for Citilink to secure 25 new Airbus A320s and utilising these new and more economical aircraft to expand into a significant regional low cost carrier with the anticipation that by 2015, Citilink would contribute 30 percent of Garuda Indonesia's revenue.
_	An increase in loan incentives such as easy initial terms and a long-term trend of rising housing prices had encouraged borrowers to assume risky mortgages in the anticipation that they would be able to quickly refinance at easier terms.
_	The line was graded for , with the anticipation that the N&SV would be converted from gauge.
_	Hentoff wrote that Lincoln's vocal performance is bursting with impatience, reflecting the anticipation that the track inhabits.
_	Holding then moved to a new site off Santa Maria Avenue in north Laredo, the land having been purchased by Methodist donors in the anticipation that further flooding would require relocation.
_	Sort of only makes the anticipation that much greater."
_	Their idea was to incorporate surgical techniques from liver transplantation to increase the exposure of the vena cava with the anticipation that this would reduce blood loss and obviate circulatory arrest.
_	At 0600 UTC on August 31, the JTWC downgraded Faye to a tropical depression under the anticipation that Tropical Depression Faye would dissipate within 24 to 48 hours.
_	Louis-Philippe made Jacques Laffitte, an advocate of rapid reform, his chief minister, in the anticipation that he would soon fail and would have to be replaced, which was exactly the result.
_	The following passages, translated by Michael J. Crowe, show the anticipation that Bellavitis had of vector concepts:
_	The moral hazard problem appears when a government behaves in a risky manner in the anticipation that it can turn to the IMF in the case of a crisis.
_	The felled areas were fenced and planted with a mixture of oak, hornbeam and wild cherry with the anticipation that this would be supplemented by natural regeneration of ash, beech, birch and a few Scots pine.
_	The Department of Portuguese Studies used to be the Institute of Portuguese Studies but was downgraded during the 1999 handover due to the anticipation that interest would decline.
_	The Spanish Center for Emergency Coordination declared a rain pre-emergency for the province of Castellón in the anticipation that Hurricane Vince would bring rains capable of flooding.
_	For instance, if you continuously transmit a 1 Mbit/s stream (30 IPS at 4 CIF) to a central recorder in the anticipation that an alarm event will occur, you will consume 1 Mbit/s of network bandwidth, or send about 11 Gigabytes of video data.
_	It was reported that Howard Hughes had directed his company to submit a bid at a price below the actual production cost of the helicopter in order to secure this order, resulting in substantial losses on the U.S. Army deal, with the anticipation that an extended production cycle would eventually prove financially viable.
_	It is believed that the first baby born in the first settled area in the wildness of Dulawan was a baby girl whom the early settlers called Esperanza, with the anticipation that with the birth of child, the name alone could inspire the coming in of peace, unity and prosperity to the settlers.
_	This desire to ensure that temporary projects also served longer-term strategies is also seen in the anticipation that, like the San Francisco Treasure Island Fair, the 1940 New Zealand Centennial Exhibition buildings should be reconverted for use as airport buildings and that exhibition art galleries should be permanent.
_	You have to leave the season there because the anticipation that builds is insane."
_	Under the anticipation that Betty would strike the Philippines, weather alerts were issued in 11 provinces.
_	Laws and legal processes are not self-executing; they depend on the administrative structure and the judiciary with the anticipation that the social attitudes are driven by notions of equity, social justice and fair play.
_	The scene had been filmed as an extra due to the anticipation that fans would ask how Strax was resurrected and came to be in Vastra's employ.
_	Under the anticipation that Flossie would become the first tropical storm to make landfall in the state since 1992, authorities opened 11 shelters across the state, including four on Maui and seven on Oahu.
_	Under the anticipation that Alex would directly strike South Korea, typhoon warnings were posted for the coastline.
