_	The IC provided the Committee with the five reports to support the assessment that the L-29s were intended for CBW delivery, only one of which said explicitly that the L-29 UAVs were intended to deliver unconventional weapons.
_	Based on the assessment that his art reflects the religious spirit of Roman Catholic Spain, and on a reference in his last will and testament, where he described himself as a "devout Catholic", some scholars assume that El Greco was part of the vibrant Catholic Cretan minority or that he converted from Greek Orthodoxy to Roman Catholicism before leaving the island.
_	Her "fiery" stance resulted in the assessment that, from a viewing perspective, the character "has never been one of the more likeable members of staff", however her descent into alcoholism drew some more sympathetic reviews, with Linda Gibson of "TV Quick" writing of the character: "Let's hope that Kyla pulls herself together, gets her son back and meets a man who can give her what she wants."
_	Historian Herbert Parmet agrees with the assessment that Bush was not a Nazi sympathizer.
_	Because the assessment that the government had made significant efforts is based in part on its commitments to undertake actions over the coming year – notably greater implementation of Malaysia’s anti-trafficking law against labour trafficking – U.S. State Department's Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons placed the country in "Tier 2" in 2017.
_	Villagers weren't consulted and weren't asked for a feedback on the assessment that had taken place.
_	With his reassessment of earlier theories came the assessment that the supposed australopithecine in the Tetoiu area used stones collected from great distances in carving out the carcasses of large animals—leading Nicolăescu-Plopșor to postulate that Tetoiu was a link between the australopithecine sites on three continents, evidencing "the oldest stages in the process of conscious work."
_	Russia, having recovered to a certain extent from the Time of Troubles, agreed with the assessment that the Commonwealth would be weakened by the death of its king, and unilaterally attacked without waiting for the Swedes and the Ottomans.
_	Chris Brochu agreed with the assessment that Crocodylia as a name has never had stable contents, and that a series of clades larger than the crown group Crocodylia (including Crocodyliformes and the slightly more inclusive clade Crocodylomorpha) was a good solution.
_	5: Postwar findings support the assessment that Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and associates were present in Baghdad from May–November 2002.
_	Another feature of the assessment that is notable is POMS psychological states can be assessed quickly due to the simplicity of the test.
_	However, Israel disputes this; several scholars and commentators disagree with the assessment that settlements are illegal, citing in 2005 recent historical trends to back up their argument.
_	The assessment is based on the consideration of the police institution, with the assessment that the local police are required to put personnel on guard at each of the palaces, including the palace Kanoman.
_	Alastair Campbell described Blair's statement that the intelligence on WMDs was "beyond doubt" as his "assessment of the assessment that was given to him."
_	Michel concurred with the assessment that Herman had not figured directly on the primary national register of threats.
_	Based on new work published in 2007 and 2008 by some of the authors of the original studies, several new hypotheses have been put forth, primarily the assessment that as few as 100 firestorms would result in a nuclear winter.
_	Instead, he offered the assessment that customers needed to be “educated” as to how the new pricing strategy worked.
_	Their review of the Windows version went up to four out of five stars, despite the assessment that ""Buried in Time" is another graphic adventure that concentrates on spectacular graphics while compromising gameplay."
_	The originality of the Gaia hypothesis relies on the assessment that such homeostatic balance is actively pursued with the goal of keeping the optimal conditions for life, even when terrestrial or external events menace them.
_	Media reporting highlighted a reduction in the threat level from ""Severe General"" to ""Substantial"" based on the assessment that the risk of an attack was at its lowest point since 9/11.
_	Yuan Weishi, retired professor at Sun Yat-sen University, disagreed with the assessment that the Day of Mourning should be seen as a political event.
_	Supporting the assessment that the shell ring builders were egalitarian is the absence of prestige artifacts or burials associated with the rings.
_	Boydell's entry in the "Dictionary of National Biography" ends with the assessment that "no print publisher before or since has ever exerted as much influence on the course of British art".
_	Writing for "Ultimate Classic Rock", Jeff Giles disagrees with the assessment that the video ended Squier's career:
_	Ofgem’s decision to remove price controls was based on the assessment that competition was developing well at that time and that the Competition Act 1998, being effective since March 2000, would deter companies from the abuse of market power, and provide Ofgem with sufficient power to tackle any abuse.
_	The decision was an important principle importance, as the basis for such action is based on the assessment that the new information was of such importance that they could be crucial to the case.
_	Bauer and Rhoades found the book's "most serious conceptual flaw" to be Sommers' failure to account for why women in society "have not always been treated fairly", and that while they agree with the assessment that Sommers wrote her book primarily to sell many copies, the book represents a threat in its attempt to redefine feminism.
_	When alerted about the situation in Iraq, Gilmore made the assessment that when Iraq was invaded the president probably did not think American troops would be trying to control the streets in Baghdad at this point.
_	Reports of the first explorers and government surveyors crossing the future state only seemed to confirm the assessment that Michigan land was unsuitable for agriculture or other productive activities.
_	It is nevertheless hard to argue with the assessment that Heinz Felfe was East Germany's most effective spy.
_	The idea of AIPC germinated from the assessment that professionals in today’s India are disconnected from politics, a starkly different situation from the first couple of decades after Indian independence.
_	But others disagree with the assessment that Cuomo caused the crisis.
_	This led to the assessment that Camuccini may have been influenced by Jacques-Louis David's classic Roman themes and style; but it is more likely both were emerging from the rising Neoclassic refocus towards images of and derived from Greco-Roman themes.
_	In his 81-page decision, he came to the assessment that the DoJ is attempting to use concepts of civil law, in particular secondary copyright infringement, in a criminal case, which creates legal issues.
_	War highlighted the urgent need for attack helicopters, and revalidated the assessment that a purpose-built design was needed.
_	The opposition expressed by Fritsch, Blomberg and Neurath was concerned entirely with the assessment that Germany could not start a war in the heart of Europe without Anglo-French involvement, and that more time was needed to rearm.
_	Some European intelligence agencies reportedly are unconvinced with the assessment that the site is used for uranium enrichment.
_	The bill would direct the Secretary to issue a corrective action plan based on the assessment that responds to the findings of a cost-benefit analysis of the program and enhances security or reduces security risk for such facilities and vessels.
_	Moltke supported Falkenhayn by submitting the assessment that 1914 was a "singularly favourable situation" for Germany to go to war as both Russia and France were not prepared whereas Germany was.
_	"With the assessment that I gave you earlier of the poor condition of our economy, I believe that it is appropriate that we should all make sacrifices in the interest of our country.
_	In a briefing given to Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto and President Ghulam Ishaq Khan, Beg maintained the assessment that once the ground battle with Iraqi Army was joined, the Iraqi Army would comprehensively defeat and repel the American Army.
_	However, it was recommended in the assessment that hardened "safe rooms" with enhanced construction should exist, to prevent future disasters in the event of large and violent tornadoes impacting large buildings.
_	Australian federal magistrate Graham Mowbray made the assessment that Thomas is capable of launching a terrorist attack and that his wife has links to the alleged spiritual leader of Jemaah Islamiah, Abu Bakar Bashir.
_	The BBC's Feedback programme on 27/01/2017 included discussion on Series 3 of "The Corrupted", including talking "to Radio 4's Commissioning Editor for Drama, Jeremy Howe, about why he felt "The Corrupted" was worth 7 hours of airtime over just two weeks" and the assessment that "many loved it, though some were not so keen on the venal themes".
_	Computer security vendor Sophos has agreed with the assessment that the partitioning of the Storm botnet indicated likely resale of its services.
_	Moreover, Innokentii Annenski agrees with the assessment that this is the most conventional of Gogol’s tales.
_	By the close of the Gulf of Mexico surveys in 1876 the sounding lines and concurrent sampling by "George S. Blake" led to the assessment that "the data gathered this season may afford means for developing the main peculiarities of this large body of water"
_	This, coupled with the assessment that the structure looks relatively new, has led some scholars to postulate the 17th century as its likely period of construction.
_	So an eventual beatification would not preclude further historical research and interpretation nor would it exclude the assessment that other people with a different character may have come to different conclusions and may have acted in a different way."
_	Akbar Khan made 12 copies of his plan and gave it to Mian Iftikharuddin, who returned from Kashmir with the assessment that the National Conference held strong and it did not support accession to Pakistan.
_	Training on the job was described as very limited, with the new bouncers being 'thrown into the deep end'—the fact that they had been accepted for the job in the first place including the assessment that they should know what they are doing (though informal observation of a beginner's behaviour was commonplace).
_	In his 81-page decision, he came to the assessment that the DoJ is attempting to use concepts of civil law, in particular secondary copyright infringement, in a criminal case, which creates legal issues.
_	Less radical is the assessment that due to the lack of a keeled sternum and a high acrocoracoid, the "Musculus pectoralis minor" could not serve as a "M. supracoracoideus" lifting the humerus via a tendon running through a "foramen triosseum".
_	Augustine of Hippo coined a term for the assessment that all humans are born sinful: original sin.
_	War highlighted the urgent need for attack helicopters, and revalidated the assessment that a purpose-built design was needed.
_	During his hearing, Mattis agreed with the assessment that debt was the greatest threat to national security.
_	Recent studies from new remains found in Late Paleocene Mongolian strata have led to the assessment that "Ernanodon" is closely related to "Metacheiromys" within the taxon Palaeanodonta, which, in the study, was reaffirmed to be the sister taxon of Pholidota, the order of pangolins.
_	Well before the Vela Incident, American intelligence agencies had made the assessment that Israel probably possessed its own nuclear weapons.
_	The time of her death that most historians give (c. 401 BC-400 BC) is based on the assessment that Aspasia died before the execution of Socrates in 399 BC, a chronology which is implied in the structure of Aeschines' "Aspasia".
_	A Pentagon spokesman insisted the video did not contradict the official finding that the helicopters' crew acted within the rules of engagement and said that the inquiry backed the assessment that the group of men were carrying a rocket-propelled grenade (RPG).
_	She agreed with the assessment that her dismissal originated from ABC and not Shonda Rhimes herself, stating: "it definitely seemed like [Shonda's] hands were tied."
_	Most of the critics and detractors of this policy, including human rights NGOs (such as Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International) and political opposition groups (such as the Colombian Liberal Party and the Independent Democratic Pole), share the assessment that it focuses too much on the military aspects of the Colombian Armed Conflict, relegating complex social, human rights and economic concerns to a secondary role, superseded by the perceived need for increased security.
_	Based on the incident and on the assessment that its infliction of violence "is potentially harmful to children and adults" the film was banned in Norway.
