_	The industry quickly abandoned this practice, and for the rest of the decade all monitors included the assurance that their stated resolutions were "non-interlaced".
_	They believed a responsible woman should never accord a man sexual favors without the assurance that went with marriage.
_	Ross is relieved, but Simmonds does not agree with the suggestion that he be brought to a hospital; instead, he bargains with Kenny with the lure of a prostitute for the assurance that he would keep the incident quiet.
_	However, Bruce Tognazzini, former employee of Apple Inc. and Human–computer interaction professional, claims that the Mac OS's menu bars can be accessed up to five times faster due to Fitts's law: because the menu bar lies on a screen edge, it effectively has an infinite height — Mac users can just "throw" their mouse pointers toward the top of the screen with the assurance that it will never overshoot the menu bar and disappear.
_	In 1994, North Korea and the United States signed an Agreed Framework which was designed to freeze and eventually dismantle the North's nuclear weapons program in exchange for aid in producing two power-generating nuclear reactors and the assurance that it won't be invaded again.
_	Saigh persuaded Breadon to sell the Cardinals to him, with the assurance that he wouldn't have to pay taxes on his $5 million fund.
_	[rather], the existence of the overseas employment program rests solely on the assurance that the dignity and fundamental rights and freedoms of the Filipino citizen shall not, at any time be compromised or violated," President Arroyo declared overseas employment as a "legitimate option for the country’s work force.
_	From babies in arms to veterans who had passed the allotted three score and ten, with Reverend Father Boylan usually at the starting point to marshall his forces and always the last man to debark at the end of the day's journey after the assurance that all had gone well, with a financial profit to the parish running in the last few years over the thousand dollar mark, with a social enjoyment to men, women and children that could not be measured by money, it was, indeed, a matter of the deepest sorrow when conditions entirely beyond the control of the committeemen brought to a close Saint Joseph's parish excursions.
_	The avaricious Sancho in his own interest granted them freedom to trade, and in 1318 gave them the assurance that neither they nor their descendants should be expelled from the Jewish quarter, which was surrounded with walls and provided with gates.
_	However, it is possible to use annotations to set certain characteristics of the object, which gives the assurance that everything that QuickDB recognize by default, can be also managed completely by the developer.
_	Frank D. Gilroy was signed to write the television script ("The Doorbell Rang") and direct the TV movie on the assurance that Welles would star, but by April 1977 Welles had bowed out.
_	Of particular concern were the huge debts racked up by Libya's key enterprises, largely taken on in with the assurance that the Libyan government was always at hand to bail them out every time they ran short of cash.<ref name="The East African/All Africa Global Media">
_	Emperor Taizong issued an edict to Xueyantuo's khan Yi'nan that he and Li Simo keep their peace and not attack each other, and after receiving from Yi'nan the assurance that he would not attack, the Tujue people moved to the new location.
_	As of April 2012, Hashimi is living in Ankara, Turkey, with the assurance that he will not be extradited.
_	After the intervention of Senator Joe Lieberman, McCain relented with the assurance that his amendment would be included in the conference report.
_	The Earl was released in February 1566 after the assurance that he was reconciled with the Earl of Moray.
_	In 1955, the swing bridge across the navigation at Whinhill was fixed, although the Inland Waterways Association received the assurance that, if at any future date the navigation was reopened to Driffield, the bridge would be removed.
_	The algorithm may also be stopped early, with the assurance that the best possible solution is within a tolerance from the best point found; such points are called ε-optimal.
_	Young also explained that the fundamental right to vote includes the assurance that one's vote will not be cancelled out by fraudulent votes, giving the State a compelling interest to prevent voter fraud in elections.
_	Attention was also placed upon the assurance that Title I funds would not serve as replacements for local funds; but rather they would serve as ancillary resources.
_	Harrison informed Epstein that he was leaving the band, but was persuaded to stay on the assurance that there would be no more tours.
_	Morcar, it is said, surrendered himself on the assurance that the king would pardon him and receive him as a loyal friend.
_	This makes an anti-imperial statement, with the assurance that the new Dutch Republic is ready to defend itself, particularly against Spain, during the Thirty Years' War.
_	This tells of a passer-by attempting to comfort a woman weeping beside a grave with the assurance that 'there is another man somewhere, besides your husband, with whom you can still be happy'.
_	They believed a responsible woman should never accord a man sexual favors without the assurance that went with marriage.
_	Nevertheless, his preface to the 1934 edition of "Chess Fundamentals" is confident that the "reader may therefore go over the contents of the book with the assurance that there is in it everything he needs."
_	"We rejoice in the assurance that in the words of President Wilson we have entered this war for no selfish objects of our own...
_	The earliest of Kiselyov's celebrated actions was the convening of the Wallachian "Divan" in November 1829, with the assurance that abuses were not to be condoned anymore.
_	All these small pieces were put together to form a gigantic mosaic, which General Gehlen, the Chief of the Eastern Intelligence Branch, presented to Hitler and General Heinz Guderian, the Chief of the Army General Staff, during the first days of January 1945 with the assurance that, according to the observed transfers of command posts, the storm would break on 12 January 1945.
_	She is still graciously appreciative of kindness, especially the assurance that she would not be forgotten as long as people look at her films."
_	Farmers need the assurance that they will benefit from their labour.
_	It was through their meeting with Joseph Chamberlain that the Gold Coast ARPS was able to get support for the denunciation of the Lands Bill of 1897 and the assurance that "native law would remain and prevail with regard to devolution of land".
_	The population, which was to be murdered at the end of the operation, was pacified with the assurance that only actual partisans were being targeted.
_	Both parties in an e-business transaction want to have the assurance that the other party is who they claim to be, especially when a customer places an order and then submits a payment electronically.
_	This inhibits the natural growth of an elected opposition voice in Parliament as the electorate's motivation to vote in an opposition Member into Parliament is conceivably diluted by the assurance that a default mechanism exists for the "best losers".
_	A review is an overview of the whole model process, including coverage of the guidelines and specifications, with the goal of providing management with the assurance that the simulation development is being carried out to include all concept objectives.
_	But when all is said and done, it's hard to come away from the film with anything other than the assurance that director Can Evrenol has a great movie in him somewhere."
_	The occupiers agreed to leave the building with the assurance that the White House would examine eligibility of Indians for governmental services; adequacy of governmental service delivery; quality, speed, and effectiveness of federal programs; Indian self-government; and congressional implementation of necessary Indian legislation.
_	The hunger and despair of the Parisian women was also the original impetus for the Women's March on Versailles in October 1789, they wanted not just one meal but the assurance that bread would once again be plentiful and cheap.
_	When her suspension was lifted one month later, North agreed to appear in "The Way to the Gold" only on the assurance that Elvis Presley would be her co-star.
_	As the key concept in deterrence is the assurance that any attack will be met with a counterattack, Polaris was the best way to meet that goal.
_	Formal accesses are regularly maintained and patrolled and provide paddlers with the assurance that public access rights have been legally secured.
_	Although the Anna M. Jarvis Committee supported her and helped to continue her movement during her declining health, it ultimately disbanded with the assurance that the Jarvis family gravesite would remain under the care of her grandniece whom was the only heir to the estate, her oldest brother's granddaughter, as she herself never married or had any children.
_	It was received on behalf of all ranks by the Commanding Officer, Lieutenant Colonel Ron Gatepain, with the assurance that it would be made available for any informal occasion held by the Regiment.
_	He received the MIT Redfield Proctor Traveling Fellowship to study at the University of Cambridge, with the assurance that MIT would reward him with a Ph.D. upon his return regardless of whatever he produced at Cambridge.
_	The school's stated commitment is "the assurance that all MEI graduates are qualified for admission into universities, colleges, technical, and Bible schools."
_	However, monies appropriated for the project were spent elsewhere, so worked dragged through 1861, with work being performed with the assurance that the U.S. Congress will appropriate supplemental funds.
_	This was made possible after long negotiations with various tribes, who reluctantly agreed to allow the military's presence on the assurance that it would bring in funds and development work.
_	Those who die in faith do so with the assurance that, after the sleep of the grave, they will enjoy resurrection in both body and soul, in a new glorified condition.
_	David A. Wheeler argues that the copyleft provided by the GPL was crucial to the success of Linux-based systems, giving the programmers who contributed to the kernel the assurance that their work would benefit the whole world and remain free, rather than being exploited by software companies that would not have to give anything back to the community.
_	I give the assurance that the work will remain an exceptional scene.
_	The Earl was released in February 1566 after the assurance that he was reconciled with the Earl of Moray.
_	Local authorities agreed to proceed only on the assurance that Strauss would alter the design and accept input from several consulting project experts.
_	Grieved and angry, Rostam reaches at Samangan, where he was greeted by the king, who offered him the assurance that Rakhsh was too well known for his hiding place not to be soon discovered.
_	Moreover, recalling Reservists' complaints of inactivity following the Berlin mobilization of 1961, he was also reluctant to recall Reservists and National Guardsmen without the assurance that their employment would significantly affect the course of the war, an assurance no official in his administration could provide.
_	The swineherd refuses to accept the assurance that Odysseus is finally on his way home, though he loves him above all others (rendering him especially bitter towards the suitors).
_	Frank D. Gilroy was signed to write the television script and direct the TV movie on the assurance that Welles would star, but by April 1977 Welles had bowed out.
_	The Spectator dedicated an editorial to her candidacy, writing that "those who sleep on the assurance that this minority is a bit of a joke may find out too late that it is anything but a joke."
_	They believed a responsible woman should never accord a man sexual favors without the assurance that went with marriage.
_	However, despite the assurance that moving back to August would "fix" the drop in attendance, the ninth BronyCon took place on August 11-13, 2017, and continued the decline, hosting 6,319 attendees, a further 17% drop from the previous year; the event still brought an estimated in revenue to the city, according to Visit Baltimore.
_	It was based on an Augustinian tradition which holds that Saint Monica in the fourth century, was distraught with anxiety for her wayward son, Augustine, and that Mary gave her a sash which the Virgin wore, with the assurance that whoever wore this belt would receive her special consolation and protection.
_	"Meanwhile we may rest on the assurance that whatever makes for cultural development is working also against war...".
_	This write protection affords the assurance that the data cannot be tampered with once it is written to the device.
_	During the war, the State Recruiting Committee in Victoria recommended that each intending recruit should be given the assurance that his name would be memorialised in an avenue of honour.
_	Her bishop encouraged her to take vows as a nun, something she did only with the assurance that she would not have to live in a monastery, secluded from the world.
_	The next day, Gentry lets him go with the assurance that he will not tell Carmichael but Hanley about what happened as well as informing him about the Middle Eastern actors who have been assisting in the manhunt operation for him.
_	Thomas Jefferson wrote favorably in response to Jackson in December 1823 and extended an invitation to his estate of Monticello: "I recall with pleasure the remembrance of our joint labors while in the Senate together in times of great trial and of hard battling, battles indeed of words, not of blood, as those you have since fought so much for your own glory & that of your country; with the assurance that my attempts continue undiminished, accept that of my great respect & consideration."
_	He returns to Ando with the assurance that Adam can never hurt anyone again.
_	One of Fitzwilliam's first acts was to dismiss Beresford from his employment for corruption, but with permission to retain his entire official salary for life, and with the assurance that no other member of his family would be removed.
_	Included in the ATADA goals statement is the assurance that "the materials and goods utilized or accorded reverence by functioning religious or cultural communities, as part of their system of religious beliefs or practices, should receive appropriate protection from commercial exploitation and market pressures.
_	But in all these bereavements, we are comforted with the assurance that all the dear ones thus taken away, are safely housed in their Heavenly home, where we shall meet again, and be forever with the Lord".
_	As a result of this, Guru Nanak Ji gave Mardana the assurance that henceforth people in his clan will not die early.
_	The goal is to encourage greater levels of electronic commerce by providing to Internet users the assurance that their experience online will be more secure.
_	At this point Kitchener could offer no encouragement, but two months later Abdullah met with Kitchener's Oriental Secretary, Sir Ronald Storrs, and was given the assurance that Great Britain would guarantee the status quo in Arabia against "wanton Turkish aggression".
_	This work Belmain, in a somewhat curious preface, dedicates to the Lady Elizabeth, with the assurance that it is rendered from the original Greek.
_	Frank D. Gilroy was signed to write the television script ("The Doorbell Rang") and direct the TV movie on the assurance that Welles would star, but by April 1977 Welles had bowed out.
_	So Ravi and Indu return after leaving Minimol with Radha, with the assurance that Radha will drop her at the house the next day morning.
_	Responding to the invitation of Catherine the Great, many families moved to resettle on the vast steppes of southern Russia, having received the assurance that they would receive free land and exemption from military service.
_	After Mills County was organized, several landowners donated property with the assurance that Goldthwaite would become the county seat.
_	Some Gentile converts "may have lived very reprehensible lives", but on embracing the Christian message they did so "with the assurance that God in Christ had wiped out their past misdeeds".
_	Organisers had confirmed that they were not prepared to organise a GP without the assurance that the best riders would take part.
_	In June 1919 the bank offered the chairmanship of its board to John Maynard Keynes with the assurance that in return for a salary of £2000 the job would only take a morning a week.
_	Use of FairWild Certification serves to provide consumers with the assurance that products are produced in a socially and ecologically sound manner with benefits being felt by all those involved right down to the local communities harvesting the wild plants.
_	"The Advocate-General, N.R. Chandran, gave the assurance that the State is equally anxious about Mr. Gopal's life and that it would provide adequate security to him.
_	While FX indicated that there could be some changes to the scenarios and dialogue, producer Jenny Livingston offered the assurance that it would "still be our Wilfred".
_	After losing the title despite advancing to the postseason in 1991 and 1992, the Borregos Salvajes started the 1993 season with the assurance that they were on the right track to achieve their first national championship trophy in the "10 Grandes" (Big 10) conference.
_	The deal allowed NBC to select one game a week to broadcast on Saturday afternoons, with the assurance that no other NCAA college football broadcast would appear on a competitive network.
_	Comedy Central responded to e-mail inquiries about the fate of the episode with the assurance that "Bloody Mary" has not been retired and would not be pulled from the DVD release.
_	This system provides the assurance that equipment is manufactured to meet safety standards, and that services such as installation, repair and overhaul also comply with IEC International Standards on safety.
_	The tests will provide the organization with the assurance that all necessary steps are included in the plan.
_	The section ends on the depiction of a swordsman against a half-pikeman, and with the assurance that "if you have understood the theory, you will figure out how to proceed even against the man armed with the polearm."
_	Sidetone is desirable only to some fraction of volume so that the user has the assurance that the telephone is working correctly.
_	The only real concession to the south was the assurance that the Official Languages Act would be modified.
_	Moreover, recalling reservists’ complaints of inactivity following the Berlin mobilization of 1961, he was reluctant to recall reservists without the assurance that their employment would significantly affect the course of the war, an assurance no official in his administration could provide.
_	At the time when the competition was announced, in June 2004, the SABC gave the assurance that the South African show would not ban certain political figures, as was the case in the German version which banned Nazis from the list.
_	Prime Minister David Cameron, answering MPs' questions following his Statement on the SDSR, gave the assurance that the resulting reductions in the numbers of service personnel would not involve the use of manning control instead of "proper redundancy payments".
_	Priscus responds (with the assurance that his role as the source of such information would be kept anonymous) that, upon visiting Callistus years later, Priscus asked whether Callistus, who rode into battle with Julian on the day of his death, saw who killed the emperor.
_	On July 24, 2013, Wade posted a letter to the band's Facebook page saying that Lifehouse had parted with Geffen and was on a temporary hiatus as each band member turned attention to other projects (with the assurance that the band would continue to make records in the future).
_	Emperor Taizong issued an edict to Yinan that he and Li Simo keep their peace and not attack each other, and after receiving from Yinan the assurance that he would not attack, the Turks advanced to the new location.
_	According to Miller: "She and the ministers who were his personal friends, E.G. Anderson and W.B. Riley, prayed for hours with him, until God gave Mrs. Fitkin the assurance that he had come back to the Father's home."
_	An important consideration in the Allied plan was the assurance that the Belgian army would prepare defences in the Gembloux Gap in the centre of the Dyle position.
_	She had been given the task of handing the bomb materials to Iveton; on being given the assurance that no lives would be lost, she did so.
_	The ownership of the remaining heathland was transferred to the city authorities in 1880, when the Church of England donated the land to the Corporation of Norwich, on the assurance that it prevented “the continuance of trespasses nuisances and unlawful acts” and held the heath “for the advantage of lawful recreation”.
_	"The regiment also has the assurance that it will "never be disbanded or reduced", as long as it continues to maintain its current glory, and finally the distinction that no man of the regiment, for a crime punishable by death, shall be executed for the same, but in such cases the culprit will be transferred to another regiment where such penalty may be carried out at any time."
_	Having obtained the assurance that the American government did not support Steinberger, the British and American consuls obtained from King Laupepa on February 8, 1876, that he dismissed his prime minister and ordered his deportation.
_	After critical negotiations, he secured on 8 July an agreement with Germany accepting the international conference proposed by the sultan of Morocco on the assurance that Germany would recognize the special nature of the interest of France in maintaining order on the frontier of her Algerian empire.
_	This mill was started in operation the last day of December 1876, and though there has been no little dispute as to the matter of the first mill to be put in operation, Mr. Dunn gives the assurance that this one is unmistakably entitled to the distinction.
_	Part of this may have been due to what Rémy calls the vindictiveness of Deburau's own personality; but what seems more likely is that, with the assurance that comes with great talent, Deburau instinctively forged a role with a commanding stage presence.
_	"The Scotsman" of 3 July 1941 spoke of the "surprising discoveries" in the book's solution and said, "All of these the reader may best be left to encounter for himself in the assurance that the quest will prove as piquant as any this skilful writer has offered."
_	While observing that the "show may revel in the miserable", she opined "that the purpose of its own morbidity is to offer the assurance that hope lives in even the darkest of places."
_	When police officers informed her a con artist was behind the charity, they convinced her to donate a much larger amount with the assurance that he would be arrested when he accepted the check.
_	The purpose of the payments was claimed to be either for a "get out of vote" drive organized by Carson, or, as critics maintained, for the assurance that Carson would refrain from staging protests during the campaign.
_	However, God also gave them the assurance that "when there come unto you from Me a guidance, then whoso followeth My guidance, he will not go astray nor come to grief."
_	While the stated function of transitional kindergarten is to allow students to make up for a lack of development, it actually sets students back an academic year, without providing the assurance that they'll be able to make up for lost ground later .
_	John Blanford, administrator of the National Public Housing Authority, pushed through the plan (War Housing Project No. CAL 4479) with the assurance that, under the Lanham Act, within two years after the end of the war emergency the land would be returned to the university in the same condition that it was received.
_	Baker set an athletic program on course with the assurance that “all things are possible to him who believes” (Mark 9:23).
_	He leaves the mourning widow to her property with the assurance that he will soon return and claim her.
_	He urged the workers to report for work the following day with the assurance that government protection would be sought for them against the intimidators.
_	...To him this Council gives the assurance that the citizens of Toronto will remember him always with pleasant recollections, as a true Canadian, who has done his full duty as a citizen of Toronto."
_	Strasbourg made an alliance on 5 June 1349 with the bishop and the Alsatian rural nobility: the city would offer aid in times of war and promised to give back all bonds, and received the assurance that the bishop and nobles would support Strasbourg against anyone wanting to hold it to account for the murder of the Jews and confiscation of their assets.
_	Because the official protests made by me on the seventeenth day of January, 1893, to the so-called Provisional Government was signed by me, and received by said government with the assurance that the case was referred to the United States of America for arbitration.
_	The center had transliterated the Syriac text of the Beatitudes in Christ’s Sermon on the Mount (Matthew 5:3–12) and was making a copy of this available for four dollars with the assurance that, by concentrating each day on these sentences in Aramaic, one’s personality would become adjusted and more mature.
_	He thanked the association for "the assurance that the vital contributions will continue thru-out the war".
_	Caleb heals Bane under the assurance that Bane will be arrested and imprisoned by the Jedi Council long before Bane is strong enough to fight back.
_	Adolph Peschke was keenly attuned to providing the assurance that boys of Scouting age could successfully build pioneering structures themselves.
_	The Defence Agreement of 1947 provided the assurance that British would come to the aid of Ceylon in the event it was attacked by a foreign power and provided British military advisers to build up the country's military.
_	A raven miraculously appeared with new oil, bearing in its beak a letter containing the assurance that the oil had been consecrated by St Peter himself.
_	Lodge replied affirmatively, indicating the United States should encourage other friendly countries to publicly recognize the new junta first with the assurance that the US would follow suit shortly thereafter.
_	The promise of a F/RAND royalty address that problem: the patent holder will typically agree to contribute its technology to the standard, thus forgoing the exclusive use or the exclusive licensing of its technology, in exchange for the assurance that it will receive adequate compensation in reasonable royalties.
_	However, at his installation as professor he obtained the assurance that he need not remain if the duke tolerated errors which "might be contrary to the Holy Scriptures and the primitivœ apostolicœ et catholicœ ecclesiœ consensum".
_	Cushing traded Japanese admiral Shigeru Fukudome and other survivors of a plane crash (but not the captured Z Plan) for the assurance that Japanese forces on Cebu would stop murdering civilians; a promise which the Japanese kept.
_	To present a credible deterrent, there must be the assurance that any attack would trigger a retaliatory strike.
_	Her parents eventually gave their full consent on the assurance that she would live near them during her marriage.
_	This leads to the assurance that the message received is identical to the message sent.
_	She explained that she came across such women while working on the MAC AIDS Fund, and that the song is not about freedom, but rather the assurance that Gaga understood their feelings.
_	In human spaceflight, a human-rating certification is the assurance that the space system accommodates human needs, effectively uses human capabilities, controls hazards with sufficient certainty to be considered safe for human operations, and provides, to the maximum extent practical, the capability to safely recover the crew from hazardous situations.
_	Given the assurance that all maximal patterns will be created first, it is easy to check a newly created pattern against all maximal ones to ensure that it is subsumed, in which case it is discarded.
_	I did so and he embraced him, seated him by his side and said to him, 'Abul-Hasan, I have just seen in a dream the Commander of the Faithful, Ali ibn Abu Talib, and he has recited to me such and such a verse; give me the assurance that you will not revolt against me or against any of my children.'
_	Initially reluctant, he eventually agreed to star on the show as Cragen on the assurance that he would not be asked to audition for the role.
_	Adal presents a memory card containing the video, given to him by Haqqani, with the assurance that Saul no longer needs to worry about it surfacing.
_	Pressured by Joachim Murat, who urged him to pronounce the capital sentence, with the assurance that Napoleon would grant clemency, he made the famous reply, "Et à nous, qui nous la fera?"
_	Modified to form the acrostic TULIP they covered the soteriological topics within Calvinism, summarizing the essence of what they believe constitutes an orthodox view on each of sin: total depravity, the basis of God's choice of the saved: unconditional election, the application of the benefits of the atonement: limited atonement, how the Holy Spirit brings man to repentance and faith: irresistible grace, and the assurance that the saints will bring forth the fruits of the Spirit: perseverance of the saints.
_	Namond accepts his excuse and the assurance that Kenard will try to find the informant.
_	That August, on the assurance that Royalist forces would soon arrive, the town declared openly for the King.
_	The Korean Central News Agency reported that "Jimmy Carter made an apology to Kim Yong Nam for American Gomes' illegal entry into North Korea and gave him the assurance that such case will never happen again".
_	Moses blessed the people, begged their forgiveness for any injuries he might have done them, and took leave of them with the assurance that he would see them again at the resurrection of the dead.
_	Danish officers who had been serving in the defence of the fortress were allowed to leave for Denmark on the assurance that they did not fight against Schleswig-Holstein in the coming war.
_	Only some rather unusual shareholders, the Dutch ABP, the Russian "Millennium", the Libyan LIA and the Chinese Ping An were prepared to buy anew, but demanded a 25% discount and the assurance that further measures were taken.
_	An algorithm that solves this problem must find a function "ƒ", given some samples ("x", "ƒ"("x")) and the assurance that "ƒ" computes the parity of bits at some fixed locations.
_	The next morning the inhabitants of Oryahovo agreed to surrender to Sigismund on the assurance that their lives and property would be spared.
_	The patriarch soothed his august visitor by the assurance that the third party was not an ordinary man (Ab. Zarah 10a).
_	An attempt was made to secure this apparatus for the University of Pennsylvania, and Koenig was induced to leave it behind him in America on the assurance that it would be purchased; but, ultimately, the money not being forthcoming, the arrangement fell through, to his great disappointment.
_	The coronation scene in the movie was, in real life, more of a shock: Sibylla had been forced to promise to divorce Guy before becoming queen, with the assurance that she would be permitted to pick her own consort.
_	Comedy Central responded to e-mail inquiries about the fate of the episode with the assurance that "Bloody Mary" has not been retired and would not be pulled from the DVD release.
_	Saigh persuaded Breadon to sell the Cardinals to him, with the assurance that he wouldn't have to pay taxes on his $5 million fund.
_	In the 1830s, Gützlaff was persuaded by William Jardine of Jardine, Matheson & Co. to interpret for their ships' captains during coastal smuggling of opium, with the assurance that this would allow him to gather more converts.
_	The cornerstone of digital preservation, "data integrity" refers to the assurance that the data is "complete and unaltered in all essential respects"; a program designed to maintain integrity aims to “ensure data is recorded exactly as intended, and upon later retrieval, ensure the data is the same as it was when it was originally recorded".
_	From St. Paul came the assurance that 20 police cars were patrolling all roads heading into St. Paul and Minneapolis, but the gang made it safely back to the Twin Cities and began preparing for the Mason City heist.
_	The conclusion of the novel is a four-page stream-of-consciousness-like recapitulation of the story's images racing through Erik's mind, and the assurance that the characters' fragmented lives will remain that way.
_	She came with the assurance that she wouldn't be forced to go back with her parents.
_	During World War I, with BW having a German student base, the college sent a letter to Washington D.C. with the assurance that BW was an all-American school, the faculty offering their patriotic pledges.
_	Proponents enjoy the assurance that copylefted work cannot usually be incorporated into non-free software projects.
_	When certain electronic resources and information is limited to only a few authorized individuals, a business and its customers must have the assurance that no one else can access the systems or information.
_	Theo eventually persuades him to come forward, with the assurance that he won't be arrested, the judge calls a mistrial.
_	In August 1939, the future third Baron was part of a secret delegation sent to Germany by Lord Halifax to offer Adolf Hitler concessions on the assurance that he would not invade Poland.
_	I had received the assurance that God had answered my prayer and that the book was of greatest benefit to me and to all who would listen to its words.
_	Schemes based solely on check cashing usually offer only a small part of the check's total amount, with the assurance that many more checks will follow; if the victim buys into the scam and cashes all the checks, the scammer can steal a lot in a very short time.
_	On other occasions, due to lack of money, film enthusiasts would form a cooperative: one would contribute the camera, the other the laboratory, the other the script, the other the direction; the actors were easily obtained due to their desire to see themselves on screen, and finally they had to find a creditor willing to lend them some money on the assurance that it would be returned to him after "the great success of the premiere".
_	Waite took medical leave with the assurance that his job would be waiting for him.
_	She had never before seen the author of 'Vanity Fair,' though the second edition of her own celebrated novel was dedicated to him by her, with the assurance that she regarded him 'as the social regenerator of his day—as the very master of that working corps who would restore to rectitude the warped state of things.'
_	Hobart was reputedly suspicious at first and conferred with Liddell Hart before accepting, with the assurance that it would be an operational unit with a combat role.
_	Nagamuni Reddy calls for Manda (Ashish Vidyarthi), a close follower of Veerabhadra, and manipulates him into killing Veerabhadra, giving him the assurance that if he does it, people will suspect the policies of Veera Bhadra as his own follower killed him and he will be the next in line as the leader of the poor people, else take his life.
_	Yet I feel that I could go to hear her even in so apparently inappropriate a role as Verdi's Violetta or Puccini's Mimi with the assurance that nothing would be fudged or shirked.
_	Despite this constant persecution from authorities, Pogliano finishes the letter with the assurance that Colorado miners are refusing to budge and continue to protest for their rightful conditions.
_	The levies seem to have been given the assurance that Bruce was too ill to take to the field in person; and their shocked reaction when he came into sight explains in part Buchan's army collapsed so quickly.
_	The character Sir Arnold Robinson from the hit series Yes Minister accepts the chairmanship of the campaign for freedom of information and in Yes, Prime Minister is regularly seen in this role, more often than not using it to aid Sir Humphrey in leaking material that will damage the government (once he has the assurance that the leaked information is inaccurate).
_	This restoration would give the reader the assurance that the writer of the tablet had an authoritative source for his information, as follows:
_	Additionally, CCRCs embody a general sense of community and offer peace of mind for couples with the assurance that they will always be near each other, even if one spouse needs more care.
_	With "the assurance that they would never be hungry again," that their needs would be met in the same way everyone else's were met, "there was no reason to stay.
_	The lady offers Jaufre the tent as a gift, and casts a magic spell on him to protect him against savage beasts; she gives Brunissen the gift of pleasing everyone who sees her, whatever she says or does; she gives Mélian the assurance that he will never be a prisoner again; she offers their entourage a chariot full of gold and precious objects.
_	People might be resources from the point of view of a statistical data sheet, but in software development, as well as any organizational business, people do need something more than just the list of tasks and the assurance that they will not be disturbed during the completion of the tasks.
_	People need motivation and a higher purpose to work for – purpose within the reachable reality, with the assurance that the team might choose its own commitments.
_	On the advice of his solicitor, Green replied he would give information if he was given the assurance that none of it would be used a prosecution.
_	He argues that intellectual property laws can actually hinder innovation, since competitors can be indefinitely discouraged from further research expenditures in the general area covered by the patent because the courts may hold their improvements as infringements on the previous patent, and the patent holder is discouraged from engaging in further research in this field because the privilege discourages his improvement of his invention for the entire period of the patent, with the assurance that no competitor can trespass on his domain.
_	On October 2, 1967, Aunor signed an eight-picture non-exclusive contract with Sampaguita Pictures, with the assurance that she would be given a singing part.
_	He had been granted of land on the west side of the Nepean River on the assurance that he would devote his time to scientific pursuits.
_	Code signing certificates play a key role in helping users identify authentic software code from reputable publishers and receive the assurance that the code has not been tampered with beforehand.
_	The second family, meanwhile, is made by Alejandro and Virginia, who are divorcing because of the assurance that their marriage works not because of irreconcilable differences.
_	They requested that fans support them in this decision and gave the assurance that they will be working in full force until September.
_	According to Fujii Takahiko, one of the Japanese financiers who had been covering some of Fujimori's expenses, "Fujimori [calmly waited] for the decision of the Chilean Supreme Court because he [had] the assurance that he [would] not be extradited."
_	The "De Judaeis" law was gratefully received by the Jews; for it not only afforded them protection, but also gave them the assurance that their affairs would soon be regulated.
_	Secondly, Deng has arranged Zhao to be the First Vice-Chairman of the Central Military Commission without the assurance that he would succeed Deng as the leader of China.
_	Despite Liberal opposition it passed into law with the assurance that the monarch would only use the Indian title externally; within the United Kingdom the monarch would still be King or Queen rather than Emperor or Empress in ordinary and official usage except when using the "I" after "R" in signature, "Emperor of India" in public proclamations and "Ind. Imp." on the coinage.
_	It was Sundarimohan who came forward with the assurance that he would undertake this onerous task.
_	Eventually in the epilogue Hook, Melisande, Lanferelle, and Father Christopher go to a church in London during the celebration, here Hook and Melisande offer the priest at this church a bag of coins taken from the deceased Sir/Father Martin and a gold chain taken from a deceased French warrior as a donation with the assurance that the priest will hold a mass each day for the deceased Sarah.
_	However, residents demanded the assurance that the town would not disappear, and that jobs would be available.
_	They spent a day with Louis Kahn in May 1959 and were impressed by his philosophical approach, the atmosphere in his office, the assurance that he would personally be in charge of the design, his respect for the integrity of materials, and the perception that his architecture, while modern, had an emotional depth and a connection to the past.
_	In this case, the "sine qua non" refers to the assurance that relief aid will go to the civilian population and not be diverted toward "the benefit of the Occupying Power".
_	Audit working papers are used to support the audit work done in order to provide the assurance that the audit was performed in accordance with the relevant auditing standards.
_	As a coercive monopoly is securely shielded from possibility of competition, it is able to make pricing and production decisions with the assurance that no competition will arise.
_	On 29 February, Knobelsdorf, the 5th Army Chief of Staff, prised two divisions from the "OHL" reserve, with the assurance that once the heights on the west bank had been occupied, the offensive on the east bank could be completed.
_	Pressing only ten copies of the record, he sent it to local Los Angeles radio stations with the assurance that the song would get promotion.
_	Instead, he will be made a sub-inspector, with the assurance that he can resign if he doesn't like the job after 30 days, after which he can marry Ambujam.
_	Of utmost importance is the assurance that proper mechanisms are in place to provide security, such as strong authentication and additional measures to protect sensitive information from unauthorized access throughout the entire process.
_	There he tells the hosts that his name is 'All-of-you' and, when they provide the food with the assurance that 'This is for all of you', claims the entire feast.
_	He gave the assurance that he did not change the doctrine but only the method of instruction.
_	In August 2016, the major obstacles in developing the Xbox One version had been overcome with the assurance that there would be no downgrades despite its hardware disadvantages.
_	In "Baby Joined the Army", a young man laments the departure of his girlfriend, who became uninterested in her town and enlisted in the army with the assurance that "If I get killed in battle, I still get paid."
_	Australia Prime Minister Tony Abbott told reporters that "Every Australian governmental agency, every Australian official at home and abroad operates in accordance with the law, and that's the assurance that I can give people at home and abroad".
_	The book includes a summary of the entire Bhagvata, a standard description of the ten characteristics of a Purana that is found in every Puranic text, three chapters about the life of Markandeya, and the assurance that it is the greatest among puranas.
_	Ali Reis wrote a letter to the native Prince Jelaleddin to ask for a pilot, upon which a first-class pilot was sent to him, with the assurance that he was thoroughly trustworthy and entirely devoted to the interests of the Ottomans.
_	He agrees on the assurance that he will be reinstated in the Indian army to the same rank from which he was court-martialled, which meant regaining the respect of his estranged father and mentor, Dilawar Singh.
_	During the Lavender Scare, Cohn and McCarthy further enhanced anti-Communist fervor by suggesting that Communists overseas had convinced several closeted homosexuals within the U.S. government to leak important government information in exchange for the assurance that their sexual identity would remain a secret.
_	Another explanation cited in the book "Fairchance Through the Years", compiled by the Fairchance Centennial History Committee, is that Fidelio H. Oliphant, who operated iron furnaces in the area, went to a bank in Uniontown to borrow money with the assurance that he had a "fair chance" of paying it back.
_	Following the vote, Projet Montréal leader Richard Bergeron commented, "With Laurent Blanchard, we have the assurance that we will have no unpleasant surprises to be afraid of.
_	They believed a responsible woman should never accord a man sexual favors without the assurance that went with marriage.
_	The second was that the large number of traveling fans empowered the band to perform multiple shows in each venue with the assurance that the performances would be mostly sold out, as almost all were from the mid 1980s on.
_	Permission was given by the Town Council for the Newtonian to be removed and the new instrument built in its place, on the assurance that:
_	Thomas Jefferson wrote favorably in response to Jackson in December 1823 and extended an invitation to his estate of Monticello: "I recall with pleasure the remembrance of our joint labors while in the Senate together in times of great trial and of hard battling, battles indeed of words, not of blood, as those you have since fought so much for your own glory & that of your country; with the assurance that my attempts continue undiminished, accept that of my great respect & consideration."
_	The selection of the land for the colony was made on the assurance that the railroad would soon be built nearby.
_	Confidence was intended to be inspired by the assurance that the Great Western Railway were to work the line, guaranteeing (it was claimed) 6% on capital for five years.
_	Renault gave the assurance that his factory could manufacture two hundred units per year.
_	Also exhibited was a three panel set of Victorian London scenes entitled "The Ladder of Love", which was described as "the lady, in her flowery 'May of Life,' awaits in her father's garden a stolen interview with her lover; in the second, she is seen eagerly caught in his impatient arms, ere he has yet left the ladder upon which he surmounted the garden wall; in the third, having received and given reveals of unfaltering love, she walks alone again - beautiful in the enrobing light of a summer moon, happy in the assurance that the warmth and devotedness of her affection is reciprocated."
_	Although Glückel agrees to the marriage with the assurance that her new husband was a wise businessman who would offer her "nothing but abundance," she recalls her extreme hesitation.
_	The Hôtel de Ville had already opened its plentiful stores to the rioters, but they remained unsatisfied: they wanted not just one meal but the assurance that bread would once again be plentiful and cheap.
_	The transmission of "Menkyo Kaiden" is the assurance that the ryū has the same form and methods created by the founder.
_	Initially reluctant, he eventually agreed to star on the show as Cragen on the assurance that he would not be asked to audition for the role.
_	A week before the New Year, Sofia Ivanovna declares that she will soon die and she would like to leave with the assurance that her daughter is happy.
_	Wheat, using his gentlemanly appeal, was apparently able to talk Harris, White, Gardner, and Chaffin into forming a battalion under his command with the assurance that all involved would better be able to control their destinies if they acted as one.
_	Partner Development can also solicit Letters of Intent (LOIs) that determine a 'minimum viable product,' where non-binding commitments by potential partners increase the assurance that partners will later agree to binding relationships.
_	The OSP provides the assurance that Microsoft will not assert its Necessary Claims against anyone who make, use, sell, offer for sale, import, or distribute any Covered Implementation under any type of development or distribution model, including the GPL.
_	It went without saying that Germany would furnish positive and practical aid to the Arabs involved in the same struggle, because platonic promises were useless in a war for survival or destruction in which the Jews were able to mobilize all of England's power for their ends...the Fuhrer would on his own give the Arab world the assurance that its hour of liberation had arrived.
_	Munich, 30 July: Mr Zimmermann, of whom it is reported in the Brünner Zeitung under the heading Munich that he made the great voyage around the world with the celebrated Captain Cook and afterwards became Shipmaster in the service of the Elector on the Würmsee some hours distant from here, received some time since letters from the English Captain Digson [Dixon], in which he was invited with very flattering expressions to take part in the forthcoming voyage from Trieste to the East Indies, with a monthly salary of 6 pounds Sterling, for a period of five years, with the assurance that when he completed the voyage he could take part in a second one, in which his rank and character would be better.
