_	The audience is made to believe in the beginning that the four central characters are these four men, but in fact they kidnap Khan before the flight takes off, aiming to get the prize money.
_	It was clear from the beginning that an Editor in Chief was needed.
_	"I feel as strongly today as I have from the beginning that the audio speaks for itself and that the public had a right to hear it," Pamphilon said.
_	It observes the translators' stated goal, that they, "never thought from the beginning that [they] should need to make a new translation, nor yet to make of a bad one a good one, ... but to make a good one better, or out of many good ones, one principal good one, not justly to be excepted against; that hath been our endeavour, that our mark."
_	Latif attorney Remes said, "This is a mentally disturbed man who has said from the beginning that he went to Afghanistan seeking medical care because he was too poor to pay for it.
_	It was clear from the beginning that northern Westchester County would be greatly affected by the new reservoirs.
_	Others calls may consist of an acute, sudden "chakk", "rrrrr", a "Tcheh" sound in the beginning that ends with an "eeeur", "kakaka", and sounds reminiscent of a stick scraping a concrete sidewalk.
_	It follows from the definition at the beginning that the outermorphism of a multivector formula_12 is grade-preserving:
_	However, the directors opted to include an animated sequence at the beginning that "tells the story through the language of propaganda, the symbols that will be seen through the film."
_	'The Pakistani establishment taught their children right from the beginning that this state was built on the basis of religion – that's why they don't have tolerance for other religions and want to wipe-out all of them.
_	The book's narrator tells us at the beginning that he is the man Eva will fall in love with and marry.
_	Travolta's character made a stronger moral stand at the end, and it became clearer at the beginning that he was a military investigator working undercover.
_	The main body of the work states at the beginning that it assumes prior knowledge of Immanuel Kant's theories, and Schopenhauer is regarded by some as remaining more faithful to Kant's metaphysical system of transcendental idealism than any of the other later German Idealists.
_	Vajpayee asserted from the beginning that nuclear weapons would only be used if the other side used them first.
_	Greg Chappell elected not to tour and Kim Hughes thought at the beginning that Kent was the most likely candidate to replace him at number three.
_	It was assumed right from the beginning that the Bible school annex was a temporary solution, and discussions about whether the school should be located in Abbotsford or Yarrow continued.
_	Welling was adamant from the beginning that he did not sign on to play Superman, and had no intention of wearing the costume.
_	She said she had stated from the beginning that she was Miss Egypt from the Queen of the Universe Pageant in Beverly Hills.
_	Episode co-writer Brannon Braga explained that it was understood from the beginning that the ship could land.
_	Dudley indeed had made it clear to the Scots at the beginning that he was not a candidate for Mary's hand and forthwith had behaved with passive resistance.
_	The series features a character called Ramirez who is very similar to the character played by Sean Connery in the first two films, but it is made clear from the beginning that they are two entirely different characters with different histories.
_	"The Pakistani establishment taught their children right from the beginning that this state was built on the basis of religion – that's why they do not have tolerance for other religions and want to wipe out all of them."
_	But Sonja knows from the beginning that she has better chances to win against her old friend.
_	Ransome says in a Note at the beginning that ""The stories in this book are those that Russian peasants tell their children and each other"", and that it was written for ""English children who play in deep lanes with wild roses above them in the high hedges, or by the small singing becks that dance down the grey fells at home"".
_	In 1909, a bitter three-year strike on the Great Lakes pitted the employers' Lake Carriers' Association against every maritime union except the ILA, whose locals wisely voted against participation because it was clear to them from the beginning that the strike was a losing battle.
_	It was apparent from the beginning that there existed a division in the Scarborough Labour Party as to the advisability of putting forward a Candidate.
_	However, he felt from the beginning that the rural town in which he was born would not be adequate for the engineering career he dreamed of.
_	However, it is clear from the beginning that Edie is going to infuse herself into the friendship, when she makes it glaringly obvious she is interested in Jim more than Jack.
_	Writing for "The New York Times", Frank S. Nugent gave the film a mostly negative review, primarily due to the constant suspicions the two male leads have about Young's character when the film makes it fairly obvious from the beginning that Young's character is virtuous.
_	It is warned at the beginning that one of the seven people is an employee of the corporation posing as an applicant to evaluate the others.
_	We’re going to do something at the beginning that again, nobody’s seen on any "Big Brother" anywhere [...]
_	Popular Science has said since the beginning that they had methods to detect players who abused this system.
_	Archived collections show products from the beginning that were decorated, full-colour pieces, along with functional designs of clear, plain glass.
_	According to band leader Holopainen, he was very clear from the beginning that there should be "not a single living thing" in the picture, and believes that the picture holds a "sublime but desolate, 'all this is waiting for you, and only you' feeling".
_	Clara's marriage to Esteban Trubea is something she accepts but she never truly loves him and knows from the beginning that she will never do so.
_	The writers of the film knew from the beginning that they were going to start with an Itchy & Scratchy short and the segment was the first scene that was storyboarded by the animators.
_	The webisodes were aided by director Drew Russ, as guitarist Neil Westfall states: "When he [Drew Russ] was telling us in the beginning that he was getting into video stuff, and we were like 'Well that's kinda crazy 'cause we need a video guy to do these webisodes for us'.
_	It was evident even at the beginning that he possessed a natural talent, which may have been contributed to by his previous wheelchair athletic experience.
_	There's one thing on the board from the beginning that is now big enough to do that and that's a dragon."
_	Leslie complains to Ben in the beginning that being locked up with Ron would mean she would miss that night's "Game of Thrones" episode, where "Khaleesi is marrying Jack Sparrow."
_	At least some members of Congress assumed from the beginning that this force would be expanded.
_	It is clear from the beginning that Amy has secret resentments against Laura who left for a seemingly better life and doesn't seem to appreciate it.
_	Pasek and Paul stated during the Goodspeed staging "we decided from the beginning that we were not writing a show for children [...] we are taking some of Dahl's darkness and expanding it even more."
_	König, however, was convinced from the beginning that his beer was something special.
_	Each of the four players take turns uncovering panels around the gameboard; who goes first is determined by a minigame at the beginning that takes place at the center panel.
_	The area around Skukuza was inhabited by the Tsonga people until 1905, when they were forcibly removed by the Colonial Government as it was decided from the beginning that if the park were to succeed, no humans could be allowed in the reserve.
_	As such, Rosello argues that Miguel Angel Face "knew from the beginning that the only 'safety' in the President's world is a form of self destruction: only by losing his identity and letting the President's mind invade his own could he hope to remain alive".
_	On the behind-the-scenes video of "Beyond the Veil" Stirling says at the beginning that "Beyond the Veil" was the first song that she wrote for the album and so it is fitting that to her "Beyond the Veil" represents a kind of self-discovery.
_	She told herself in the beginning that her hero was always her brother, Keith, but forced herself to change her mind about it after Spectra unmasks himself in front of her, revealing that he was her 'hero'.
_	In a statement after his vote in January 2011, Mike Ross said: "I have said from the beginning that I believe we absolutely need health care reform, but we need commonsense health care reform that reflects Arkansas values.
_	About the song, Monrose stated "We knew from the beginning that "Breathe You In" has to be on our album!
_	However, it is revealed from the beginning that Laurie Strode is his sister and that Michael is very fond of her.
_	Film wise, Wong was involved with a number of films shot in Asia or China, reuniting again with Wayne Wang for "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" (2011) (as the Bank CEO at the beginning that gives a speech to Archie Kao and Li Bingbing) and as Peter in the Chinese language remake of the film "What Women Want" (2011) starring Andy Lau and Gong Li.
_	Deisinger made it clear from the beginning that Begai would not be a ghost writer, but play an active role in shaping the story.
_	Which the missionaries ask "What is in the beginning that make Taiji move?"
_	It was clear from the beginning that such situations could not be completely described; the idea was simply to give some statements about situations, and derive consequences from them.
_	It was planned from the beginning that it would be electrified.
_	In fact, it is revealed in the beginning that the author is in Italy "to read Dante and Machiavelli and look at Renaissance paintings for a couple of months in solitude."
_	Vimalabai and Sandhya enjoyed a close and cordial relationship with each other, which was enhanced because of the large age difference between them, because of their common values of "pativratha sanskar," and also because it was known from the beginning that Sandhya would never bear children.
_	According to Goodwin, it was intended from the beginning that all the major characters in the New Universe would be either paranormals or in some other way linked to the White Event.
_	Johnson had played under Nelson from 2001 to 2003, and it was understood from the beginning that he was being groomed to eventually succeed Nelson as head coach.
_	In addition, he had promised from the beginning that the dictatorship would not be permanent, and that when political order was established democratic rule would return.
_	It is customary from the beginning that each family or group of several, to meet every one of them on a tree.
_	Charlotte that he didn’t believe her story, and that he knew from the beginning that she was faking, with information received from Uncle Arthur.
_	The police suspected from the beginning that the mastermind of the massacre was Naw Kham (also spelled Nor Kham), an ethnic Shan Burmese national in his forties, who is an alleged drug lord and pirate in the Golden Triangle.
_	Further noting Shakespeare's crafting of the play, Hazlitt points to fine touches at the beginning that contribute to a unified effect: "The wildness of the scenery, the sudden shifting of the situations and characters, the bustle, the expectations excited, [all] are equally extraordinary."
_	"Hanžek" (which is popular name of meeting) was held first time in 1951, but at the beginning that was a meeting of local type.
_	DPI made it clear from the beginning that they would not hold GS if it had to be supported by full tuition of about $2100 per student.
_	As for Vito, he had made clear since the beginning that, the only possible solution for the problem was to deport the Uskoks from their stronghold of Segna into Croatia.
_	The rank and file membership of the party as well as its leadership were pacifist, now as ever, having held from the beginning that war was "sinful".
_	However the Hoaxers say that they told "MonsterQuest" from the beginning that the film was a fake and they fabricated the "investigation" to make a more interesting episode.
_	Antonioni's films tend to have spare plots and dialogue, and much of the screen time is spent lingering on certain settings, such as the seven-minute continuous take at the end of "The Passenger" and the beautiful long-take near the beginning that "mixes time", or the scene in "L'Eclisse" in which Monica Vitti stares curiously at electrical posts accompanied by ambient sounds of wires clanking.
_	It is called the swift trust paradigm and it suggests that team members assume from the beginning that the other team members are trustworthy.
_	It does however, state in the beginning that a few events have been altered for dramatic purposes.
_	It was conceived from the beginning that there would be run in exactly the same manner academically and administratively.
_	Ray managed to convince producers to finance the movie, even though it was clear from the beginning that the film would cost a lot of money.
_	He told us at the beginning that all he wanted to do was enhance what we already had, and that's exactly how it turned out."
_	'The Pakistani establishment taught their children right from the beginning that this state was built on the basis of religion – that's why they don't have tolerance for other religions and want to wipe-out all of them.
_	We presumed from the beginning that the Conservatives would try to scare voters with the prospect of a Miliband government that would risk the economy.
_	He or she notes at the beginning that some versions of the story have Percival himself as Morien's father, but decides to follow convention that Percival died a virgin.
_	Dimino claims that it has been clear from the beginning that it is MTV's intent to "ridicule, stereotype and defame Italian-Americans" and "to say to the world that this is what Italian-Americans are really like".
_	"I envisioned in the beginning that Peggy would be in that hotel room," he remarked, "seeing those dogs [rutting] in the parking lot, and that she would be happy about being on her first business trip; and that Pete would have this moment of realizing what had happened to him, that this activity was a symbol that something bigger was wrong; Roger would long to get that feeling back, because it had worn off; and that Don would be in that bar.
_	He said, "I have made clear from the beginning that I was in politics to make a difference, and then move on.
_	The promise was made in the beginning that there would be 20 volumes, making the total £36 for the set.
_	Aranda realized from the beginning that he would have to hold the town and had made intelligent and extensive preparations in the process.
_	I knew from the beginning that I wanted Hate Myself to be the first single.
_	This would sound like an off-key and uncoordinated group in the beginning that gradually harmonizes and synchronizes reaching a pleasant ensemble towards the end.
_	He is told from the beginning that he is being recorded and interviewed for the film's DVD extras.
_	She was 22 years younger than Swift, and it was obvious from the beginning that he admired Esther for her rugged qualities; he did not admire very delicate women.
_	Originally a joke party, it stated from the beginning that it would not honour any of its election promises.
_	It was clear from the beginning that control of the sea would be the key to an inevitably difficult desert war: supply by sea, including water, food, ammunition, horses, fodder and reinforcements, was quicker and easier than marching supplies through the desert or across the Bolivian high plateau.
_	"Long Weekend" would have been much better if the audience had been told at the beginning that Peter and Marcia were going to die.
_	The E.P. also includes the B-side "Trust Me", which also later appeared on the "If I Had $1000000" single; the version on the E.P. includes a count-in at the beginning that is edited from the later single version.
_	Regarding the first claim, Golitsyn had said from the beginning that the KGB would try to plant defectors in an effort to discredit him.
_	Tykač himself stated from the beginning that already in 2011 Bušek blackmailed him that if he did not pay 500mil CZK, he would produce evidence against him and accuse him of C. S. Funds assets stripping.
_	John Sullivan made it clear from the beginning that no characters from "Only Fools and Horses" would make an appearance, as if one character appears then viewers would expect the rest to follow, damaging the ability to stand alone.
_	Throughout season 10, Vala has to come to terms with her maternal feelings for Adria (as adult played by Morena Baccarin), well knowing from the beginning that Adria embodies a destructive entity that must be fought.
_	Creator/writer Carl Reiner had told the cast from the beginning that if the show made it through five seasons, that would be its maximum run.
_	"We had always made clear from the beginning that significant safety precautions would need to be taken.
_	Martin has described his penchant for killing off important characters as being necessary for the story's depth: "when my characters are in danger, I want you to be afraid to turn the page, (so) you need to show right from the beginning that you're playing for keeps".
_	Murphy himself had been adamant since the beginning that the UPC had been formed solely to spotlight the issues of emigration and unemployment in Ireland and therefore was never intended to be "a political entity as such" – but its surprise election success had attracted many new supporters, not all of whom shared his views.
_	Not one word was spoken at the beginning that one branch of mankind should rule over another, but selfish imaginations did set up one man to teach and rule over another."
_	Because we had clear from the beginning that when the band recorded, with the quality of sound and professional level they had, they were going to cross the wall and make known what we proposed to the rest of society.
_	It is made clear since the beginning that the Evron empire has depopulated a number of worlds, killing or enslaving billions of intelligent aliens, and a main character clearly announces to have sworn to destroy the entire Evronian race in revenge: but the fights with the Evronians mostly feature the usual Disney slapstick violence, with no graphic depictions of any hero killing or realistically wounding an enemy (while entire starships could be destroyed in the background).
_	But she always "knew from the beginning that she wanted to be an actress", sometimes wearing her mother's clothes and staging plays in her father's empty studio.
_	The "Puss in Boots" filmmakers knew from the beginning that something about the character "demanded [the story] just be larger than life".
_	"Radio Nowhere" features a set of guitar riffs and chord progression at the beginning that many fans considered particularly similar to "867-5309/Jenny" by Tommy Tutone, although the lyrics and the tone of the two songs are quite different.
_	While adapting the Marguerite Duras novel into the film's screenplay, director Jean-Jacques Annaud and fellow writer Gérard Brach changed the age of "The Girl" from 15½ to 17 before deciding that they would have her reveal in the beginning that she is 15 and to lie to her lover saying she is 17, but tried to maintain the original structure and literary tone of the original novel.
_	He tells his students from the beginning that he can teach them the method, but it is up to them as to what they do with it.
_	Following Hegel and Collingwood he offers a "philosophical history" (which he distinguishes from both analytical and phenomenological approaches to philosophy) in which he concedes from the beginning that "there are no neutral standards available by appeal to which any rational agent whatsoever could determine" the conclusions of moral philosophy.
_	This movie establishes from the beginning that Laurie is Michael's baby sister, nicknamed "Boo".
_	It was clear from the beginning that he was ambivalent about who Cortés and his men really were, whether they be gods, descendants of a god, ambassadors from a greater king, or just barbaric invaders.
_	Unlike the character in the book, Miss Collins does not first experience revulsion toward Carrie, as she is suggesting in the beginning that the students pass the ball to Carrie in their volleyball game.
_	During court, the court stated at the beginning that the Second Amendment did not apply, because "the first ten amendments to the United States Constitution are restrictions on the federal authority and not the states."
_	It was, however, clear from the beginning that, at least at this particular time, the interests of urban workers and rural farmers were so intertwined that they had really become one and the same.
_	It stated from the beginning that if only one Icelandic weekly could survive, then the better of the two would remain.
_	AllMusic editor David Jeffries also praised Joe for changing his flow when switching from street tracks to radio singles, despite finding the drug talk monotonous and a lack of cohesion between him and the producers, concluding with, "Still, Joe warns the listener right at the beginning that he's more Eazy-E than Ice Cube -- and for three-fourths of the album, he's spot on."
_	Commenting on the film's lush colors, Argento said: "We were trying to reproduce the colour of Walt Disney's "Snow White"; it has been said from the beginning that Technicolor lacked subdued shades, [and] was without nuances—like cut-out cartoons."
_	Enid Portuguez, from the Los Angeles Times, had, however, gave the episode a mixed review by saying that it was obvious since from the beginning that neither Vanessa and Blair would get to do the speech, failing their plans, and praised Kelly Rutherford's acting in the episode by saying that Rufus and Lily "are getting cuter with each episode" and mentioning a fun line between Lily and Blair.
_	Karan Johar was certain from the beginning that he wanted to cast Shah Rukh Khan in the lead role, having observed him during the making of "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge".
_	It’s important to note at the beginning that the original Lincoln V8 was also known as a Y-Block.
_	It was intended from the beginning that the rear window and that portion of the roof above the seats to be removable.
_	The story is somewhat different, as it does not relates to Charles Darwin or His theory, it's just a simple story that relates to two different persons, a big failure in this movie is that the director forgot a statement in the beginning that the story consists of a Portuguese person with Golden skin, after that the story doesn't show his presence, apart from that that story fault, the movie goes fine.
_	Feichtner insisted from the beginning that the work should be condensed into an intelligence report to be published at least once a month, in order to achieve the following:
_	"We always have noticed since the beginning that there seems to be nothing but just "Jerry Maguire" tapes filling our nation's thrift stores.
_	Showrunner and writer Bob Brush said, "When we first came up with the idea of doing the math teacher, there was the premise of a three part arc from the beginning that I wanted to do.
_	And it was known from the beginning that it would be so."
_	The Associated Press reported at the time two U.S. officials as stating the operation was "a kill-or-capture mission, since the U.S. doesn't kill unarmed people trying to surrender", but that "it was clear from the beginning that whoever was behind those walls had no intention of surrendering".
_	The comic is unusual in being one of the few adventure stories where the readers and the protagonist both know from the beginning that he's going to die, only the event itself is not known.
_	Djorkaeff announced from the beginning that he would hang-up his boots at the end of 2006 season, and played for the re-branded New York Red Bulls.
_	It was clear to audiences from the beginning that Henning and Marie are not related, and that it is all just a scheme by Tanja.
_	"Frozen" director Jennifer Lee felt Sven is the character that differs the least from the way he had been conceptualized since the filmmakers had decided from the beginning that he would never speak; she mentioned the only change related to him in the making of the film was that his role in the story had become "bigger and bigger".
_	Although the vehicle was to be used only by the U.S. Marine Corps, and it was therefore clear from the beginning that production numbers would remain limited, the vehicle was extensively engineered and incorporated many innovations.
_	Grzywacz stated his intention from the beginning that Lexicon be a permanent fixture in the Lexington community, and the others agreed that there was an untapped demand out there which they could meet.
_	Vernon is the middle child with two older siblings; his sister Steph and his brother Tony (Vernon states in the beginning that Steph has since married and moved away and Tony is away at college after graduating with a scholarship), and his two younger siblings are his brother Ben and sister Sandra.
_	The local newspapers—the "Chattanooga News" and "Chattanooga Times"—recognized from the beginning that Paige was special.
_	Charlie is a dizzy socialite in the beginning that loves it to gossip about everything and everyone.
_	Rachel Saltz of "The New York Times" wrote: "Brian Herzlinger's "How Sweet It Is", an ode to the healing powers of musical theater, misfires so badly at the beginning that it takes a while to notice when it goes from godawful to sweetly awful.
_	"It was obvious from the beginning that our offense could overpower their defense."
_	It is evident from the beginning that the two girls live very different lives from the depiction of their family.
_	John Hill and Don Greenwood admitted afterwards that the project got away from them, Hill sensing that he was too easily persuaded by playtesters who probably had a higher threshold for complexity than average gamers, and Greenwood saying that had he known from the beginning that the gamette would end up so large, he would "have broken it into two expansion kits - it simply is too much for one."
_	I’m from a modernist background and in the beginning that was always working with a grid, and using Helvetica and every company had the same logo and colours—a kind of uniformity.
_	Regarding to the second meaning, it is very important to understand that, the Higgins´ book, "anacalypsis" does not refer to a teleological principle, but a regression towards the beginning that allows us to see through light how myths were created, precisely like the apocalypse in many religions.
_	Traditional pessimistic replication systems try to guarantee from the beginning that all of the replicas are identical to each other, as if there was only a single copy of the data all along.
_	He noted his confusion with the plot, remarking, "the movie tells us from the beginning that the fugitive is not quite innocent.
_	The Outlook" agreed, and, unlike "Variety", "The Outlook" predicted from the beginning that the Code would be difficult to enforce.
_	This is fine, more or less, as far as the "DMG", "PHB" and "Tome of Magic" are concerned, but illustrations are extremely useful when it comes to describing monsters that appear in the "MM", and the "Arms and Equipment" book states right at the beginning that everything in it is illustrated, when in fact this is quite clearly not the case [...]
_	Markham had been determined from the beginning that its overall leader should be a naval officer, not a scientist.
_	The earliest chant manual pretends right at the beginning that John of Damascus was its author.
_	Available evidence and a preponderance of expert opinion suggested from the beginning that Cooper probably did not survive his high-risk jump, but his remains were never recovered.
_	However, it is revealed from the beginning that Laurie Strode is his sister and that Michael is very fond of her.
_	More than just geography dictated from the beginning that the two teams would be rivals, though the spirit of animosity between them certainly was stoked by the fact that scarcely 70 miles separate the Athens and Clemson campuses.
_	Li objected to the policy on a pragmatic level, even admitting in the beginning that the state had an obligation to defend its interests in Korea and thus had a right to enact additional taxes on the people in order to pay for the war.
_	British and American recognized from the beginning that frequent sailings were required and that the line needed a fleet of steamers for its new transatlantic service.
_	Egyptian Chief of Staff Shazly was convinced from the beginning that Egypt could not mount a successful full-scale offensive against Israel; therefore, he campaigned for a limited war.
_	She states at the beginning that she is a lesbian but not transgender.
_	Pierce set up a chain-wide policy from the beginning that all Harold's chicken would be cooked only after it was ordered, in order to preserve the freshly cooked taste of the chicken.
_	Azai knew from the beginning that he would lose the battle, so he gave his wife Oichi, Nobunaga's sister, and their three daughters back to Nobunaga, saving them from death.
_	Most menstrual cycles have several days at the beginning that are infertile (pre-ovulatory infertility), a period of fertility, and then several days just before the next menstruation that are infertile (post-ovulatory infertility).
_	When he comes home from Chicago, where he worked as doctor, he meets the beautiful Cécile de Maron (Yvonne Burbach) and knows from the beginning that she is the love of his life.
_	Thus, Solow–Swan model assumes from the beginning that the labor-capital split of income remains constant.
_	In "The Dark Tower", it is mentioned in the beginning that "Type One" vampires (such as Barlow) are horribly disfigured, mutant-like creatures whose teeth grow out so wildly that they cannot close their mouths.
_	It is mainly concerned with the romantic problems of Mary Thorne, niece of Doctor Thomas Thorne (a member of a junior branch of the family of Mr Wilfred Thorne, who appeared in "Barchester Towers"), and Frank Gresham, the only son of the local squire, although Trollope as the omniscient narrator assures the reader at the beginning that the hero is really the doctor.
_	Sure, he's the one character on the show who has been there since the beginning that the show hasn't gone into detail about.
_	However, since he knew from the beginning that these books would become a
_	'The Pakistani establishment taught their children right from the beginning that this state was built on the basis of religion – that's why they don't have tolerance for other religions and want to wipe-out all of them.
_	In February 1948, Marshall, now the Secretary of State, testified to Congress in a secret session that he knew from the beginning that the Nationalists could never defeat the Communists in the field, so some sort of negotiated settlement was necessary or else the United States would have to fight the war.
_	Cain said he was satisfied with the result, writing in an email to supporters, "I have said from the beginning that I would not buy a straw poll victory.
_	Regarding the first claim, Golitsyn had said from the beginning that the KGB would try to plant other defectors in an effort to discredit him.
_	Brown has had an ostentatious sense of personal style from the beginning that he later parlayed into a political advantage.
_	It was acknowledged from the beginning that substantial unanimity would be essential if the agreements were to be forthcoming.
_	Police suspected from the beginning that Le had been killed by someone she knew.
_	This was due to the relative lack of skilled cadres in the early 1950s, and also reflects that CCP realized from the beginning that differences between the China and Soviet Union did not allow it to copy Soviet model without any modification.
_	It had been decided from the beginning that the TDF would be written with TELON itself.
_	CJ E&M released an official apology, saying that Han was enlisted to record just the first 50 seconds of the song, but the writer of the song, Nam Hye-seung, requested since the beginning that the full song be sung by another vocalist.
_	Loucheur made it clear from the beginning that France had nothing to offer in terms of existing production facilities.
_	She said that she knew from the beginning that she wanted to write the album with the assistance of songwriter and producer Kara DioGuardi, due to their previous work history on songs such as "Come Clean" and "Fly".
_	It was planned form the beginning that Varo go to China, but he still spent a year among the Chinese community in Manila to learn the language.
_	It is now believed that the club was originally a Thursday Club in the literal sense but that it was understood from the beginning that it considered itself to be representative of Middlesex as a county.
_	It was evident from the beginning that a proper quantum treatment of the electromagnetic field had to somehow incorporate Einstein's relativity theory, which had grown out of the study of classical electromagnetism.
_	Although Calvin refers mostly to fathers in his commentary on the commandment to honour father and mother, he writes near the beginning that the commandment mentions both parents on purpose.
_	O'Connor knew from the beginning that he wanted to cast Kurt Russell as Herb Brooks because he needed someone with an athletic background and a fiery passion for sports.
_	Given the nature and location of the script, writer/director Ralph C. Bluemke knew from the beginning that the film would require a certain amount of nudity in order to give it a sense of realism and authenticity.
_	NBC commented on the dismissal: "We believed from the beginning that this case was without merit and we are pleased with the judge's decision."
_	It was intended from the beginning that most of these projects would be turned over to states and cities for operation and in 1942 Congress provided the necessary authority.
_	I knew from the beginning that I wanted Aaron Turner's voice somewhere on this album, and could hear him in my head on 'Vex'.
_	Trier decided from the outset that it would be clear from the beginning that the world would actually end in the film, so audiences would not be distracted by the suspense of not knowing.
_	The reverse-transmission theory would offer a rather different explanation for why Haydn's versions of the tunes resemble the folk versions more at the beginning than elsewhere - it would be the beginning that would most likely be well remembered by folk singers, and the later passages that, diverging most from folk style, would be most likely to be altered.
_	Most menstrual cycles have several days at the beginning that are infertile (pre-ovulatory infertility), a period of fertility, and then several days just before the next menstruation that are infertile (post-ovulatory infertility).
_	We knew from the beginning that this was going to be something new and different."
_	He told us at the beginning that all he wanted to do was enhance what we already had, and that's exactly how it turned out.
_	He feels unhappy in the beginning that he had not got any adventurous work that he had always dreamt of, but later sees a girl named Radha and tries to win her heart.
_	Although Donen credits earlier musicals by René Clair, Lubitsch and Astaire as "integrated", he also states that "in the early musicals of Lubitsch and Clair, they made it clear from the beginning that their characters were going to sing operatically.
_	Both the coronation and Theodor's new name evidence, the brothers wanted to demonstrate from the beginning that they established a state which was the political successor of the First Bulgarian Empire.
_	Walker's deputy governor, Victor deGrazia, later said: "... I knew from the beginning that every time Daley looked at Walker, he saw the Church of England and the British suppression of the Irish, and when Dan would look at Daley, he would see the quintessential politician who was only interested in political gain."
_	According to Sophie Tellier, one of the dancers, Farmer thought at the beginning that she would never be able to go on stage, and then she saw this tour as an "incredible challenge".
_	Invested by Hitler with total authority and told to "restore order for the longer term in the entire area by the most radical means", Böhme made it clear from the beginning that he intended if necessary to wage war against the whole Serbian population by considering all civilians as enemies.
_	The popularity of "Pak Raden" came when he became funny and was wrong all the time despite of that he insisted strongly at the beginning that he was right.
_	Bakshi is quoted as saying "Peter Jackson did say that the first film inspired him to go on and do the series, but that happened after I was bitching and moaning to a lot of interviewers that he said at the beginning that he never saw the movie.
_	The FBI speculated from the beginning that Cooper did not survive his jump.
_	Despite the absence of the body, it was apparent to law enforcement from the beginning that Wanninkhof had been murdered.
_	As she explained to Grace Glueck of the New York Times, "We've felt from the beginning that the idea of the Whitney Biennial as an overview of American art was a very limited concept."
_	The beneficiary initially mentioned was OSU's athletic department, but OSU Communications indicated from the beginning that the foundation intended to expand the program for academics.
_	Though the memoirs, written in amatory fiction, were published anonymously and revised for publication by John Shebbeare, it was clear from the beginning that the "lady of quality" was Lady Vane.
_	It was advertised and announced from the beginning that there would be no division of families.
_	The Confederacy and its president, Jefferson Davis, believed from the beginning that European dependence on Southern cotton for its textile industry would lead to diplomatic recognition and intervention, in the form of mediation.
_	Hunter was forceful from the beginning that his disability would not impact upon his performance as a member of parliament.
_	Goleman's early work has been criticized for assuming from the beginning that EI is a type of intelligence or cognitive ability.
_	Batcheller said, "You could tell from the beginning that he was an exceptional individual.
_	His mother however was convinced from the beginning that her son was kidnapped by Syrian forces, although the Syrian government consistently ignored overtures from former US president Jimmy Carter, former Israeli and Syrian US ambassador Edward Djerejian and agents from the German Federal Intelligence Service.
_	They must have understood from the beginning that it would be difficult to force the whole colony to abolish slavery, as it was generally believed that the colony's prosperity depended on slavery.
_	"Through a friendship of many years Pope Paul VI offered inspired wisdom and astute practical advice, suggesting from the beginning that if the new monastery was to attract the dedication of American women, they must be encouraged to have a professional basis for their contemplative life."
_	While the National Command invoked party rules and regulations against the Military Committee, it was clear from the beginning that the initiative lay with the Military Committee.
_	(She had told Dan in the beginning that these are the words she tells her significant others when their relationship is over and she is going to leave.)
_	Bruce Springsteen's popular single "Radio Nowhere" features a set of guitar riffs at the beginning that many fans considered particularly similar to "867-5309/Jenny", although the lyrics and the tone of the two songs are quite different.
_	At first it is likely that the herald wore his master's cast-off coat, but even from the beginning that would have had special significance, signifying that he was in effect his master's representative.
_	However, let me tell you at the beginning that this meeting has not been called for any such purpose.
_	In fact, Hubble was clear from the beginning that no such interpretation was implied:
_	I've said from the beginning that this is out of the question."
_	Unlike many of Braudel's other books, he made no secret of his profound love of his country, remarking at the beginning that he had loved France as if she were a woman.
_	Alex Stedman from "Variety" complimented the episode, saying, "Ryan Murphy and Co. have said from the beginning that if any "American Horror Story" season resembles "Hotel", it's season one, "Murder House".
_	It was emphasised from the beginning that children whose parents had been in respectable circumstances had the first claim on the charity.
_	Although it seemed at the beginning that it might be quite a challenge to build consensus among such a varied group, CSIEA has so far clearly demonstrated that this diversity enriched the group by providing complementary skills, and viewpoints.
_	She said: ""I was a bit sad because my efforts did not get the results, but it was okay because I determined from the beginning that the contest was not for the title, but for the sewer.
_	While using the pensieve, Harry sees a vision of Dumbledore's first encounter with Voldemort, then a disturbed young orphan named Tom Riddle; Dumbledore had known from the beginning that the boy was dangerous, but believed that Hogwarts would change him.
_	Walt Disney had suggested from the beginning that each of the dwarfs, whose names and personalities are not stated in the original fairy tale, could have individual personalities.
