_	In 1878, the structure of piperidine was still unknown, and A. W. Hofmann made attempts to add hydrogen chloride or bromine to it in the belief that the compound possessed unsaturation (i.e. he performed standard alkene classification test reactions).
_	Yedizim, as of a dualist religion, has first emerged in the ancient Mesopotamia, rests on the belief that people make distinctions between the good and the evil.
_	These discoveries lead to the belief that it was the Dürer painting recorded in Charles I possession.
_	Much like how transphobia is parallel to homophobia, genderism is parallel to heterosexism, or the belief that heterosexuality is the superior or more desirable sexual orientation in comparison to homosexuality, bisexuality, etc.
_	Many of them had emigrated from Spain in the belief that they had found refuge in Portugal.
_	Also in keeping with its Confucian background, Cheondoism places emphasis on personal cultivation in the belief that as one improves their innate nature, one comes closer to Heaven, and that all things are the same as Heaven in terms of their innate quality.
_	A number of Fremantle players, particularly Des Headland, overheard Nicholls stating that the point would not stand and again began to celebrate in the belief that they had been awarded the match, not realising that Baker had received a free kick.
_	A major factor in Unionist thinking was the "devaluation of life", the belief that eastern peoples like the Japanese and the Turks attached no value to human life including their own, and unlike the westerners who allegedly clung pathetically to their lives when confronted with danger, easterners supposedly died willingly and happily for the cause.
_	Preterist beliefs usually have a close association with Amillennialism, the belief that the Millennial reign of Christ began during the establishment of the Early Church.
_	This was the year Turner expressed the belief that 650 cc was the practical limit for the traditional British 360° vertical twin.
_	Either the opponents of slavery will arrest the further spread of it, and place it where the public mind shall rest in the belief that it is in the course of ultimate extinction; or its advocates will push it forward, until it shall become alike lawful in all states, old as well as new, North as well as South."
_	This provided the theoretical basis for the belief that large fiscal deficits were not necessarily inflationary.
_	Encouraged by "Caesar's" disobedience, he deliberately sacrificed the weather gage in the belief that Howe's fleet was more damaged than it appeared.
_	The character inhabits an undersea kingdom of mermaids, cast out from the land of humans due to the belief that mermaids are the cause of misfortune.
_	"If there is any adult American who does not know Charles Couldock, it must be a resident of some very remote place, or a person reared with more than ordinary success in the belief that play-going is a sinful pastime."
_	Saint Augustine mentions the "dusii" in a passage criticizing the belief that early in the history of humanity angels could have bodily intercourse with mortal women, begetting the race of giants or heroes.
_	Later that month, the EPB issued a statement where they expressed the belief that a joint drill organized by Garcia Padilla's administration in collaboration with the federal government was in fact a military exercise that was organized to advance the Obama administration's campaign against the socialist government of Venezuela.
_	It is derived from the Ancient Greek α, "a", "without", and πούς, "pous", "foot", based on the belief that these birds were a form of swallow that lacked feet.
_	Ansel Woldt asserted that Gestalt teaching and training are built upon the belief that people are, by nature, health-seeking.
_	Errors of identification happen when friendly troops, neutral forces or civilians are mistakenly attacked in the belief that they are the enemy.
_	No sources have been found for the belief that Capernaum was involved in the bloody Jewish revolts against the Romans, the First Jewish-Roman War (AD 66–73) or Bar Kokhba's revolt (132–135), although there is reason to believe that Josephus, one of the Jewish generals during the earlier revolt, was taken to Capernaum (which he called Κεφαρνωκὸν, "Kapharnakos") after a fall from his horse in nearby Bethsaida.
_	Even if only a small handful of mines remain undiscovered, incomplete demining can actually lead to an increase in civilian mine casualties as local people re-occupy an area they previously avoided in the belief that it has been made safe.
_	He observes that "today we go to great lengths to create a digital identity in addition to the actual lives we live, with the belief that these online records are only growing in importance and will outlive us".
_	The plan was to resupply the French position by air, and was based on the belief that the Viet Minh had no anti-aircraft capability.
_	In general terms, the meaning of hospitality centres on the belief that strangers should be assisted and protected while traveling.
_	Some scholars take the view that "they may not have been Isamailis at all at the outset, and their conduct and customs gave plausibility to the belief that they were not merely heretics but bitter enemies of Islam."
_	These three findings are consistent with the possibility that agents act upon the belief that some types of transactions are relatively unlikely for black customers (statistical discrimination)."
_	His program called for the establishment of a separate nation for black Americans and the adoption of a religion based on the worship of Allah and on the belief that blacks were his chosen people.
_	Activity Based Costing is based on the belief that activities cause costs and therefore a link should be established between activities and product.
_	For example, in Tennessee law, tax map boundaries can become property boundaries (notwithstanding a survey and deed to the contrary) merely by paying the taxes on the land for twenty years in the belief that it was part of the ownership, even if it encompasses adjacent gaps and gores.
_	Some studies have discovered that emotional experiences are connected with faster retrieval times, leading to the belief that emotional events have heightened accessibility in our memories.
_	The Dauphin was ministered to by the royal doctors, who bled him in the belief that it would help him to recover; instead, it merely weakened the young boy, who swiftly died, leaving the Duke of Anjou as Dauphin.
_	Parents stopped teaching their children their native language in the belief that doing so would help their children find economic success or avoid discrimination.
_	The protest that lead to the Ordinance of Nullification was caused by the belief that the tariffs of 1828 and 1832 favored the North over the South and therefore violated the Constitution.
_	In the final stages of the battle, Brigadier-General Jofre had been offered the use of Skyhawks to bomb Wireless Ridge with napalm but declined in the belief that the British response would be commensurate.
_	He christened it Nation's; the name was decided upon under the belief that they sold the best hamburgers in the nation.
_	Existentialism is a term applied to the work of a number of late 19th- and 20th-century philosophers who, despite profound doctrinal differences, shared the belief that philosophical thinking begins with the human subject—not merely the thinking subject, but the acting, feeling, living human individual.
_	At this time his religious dogmatism led him to destroy a significant number of Blake's works in the belief that they had been inspired by the devil.
_	On April 17, Michael Hoffman of the New York State Assembly moved the Committee of the Judiciary to pass a bill granting McLeod safe conduct out of the state and the abandonment of criminal charges against him, stating that "if it be true that the local authorities of Canada under the belief that they were imminently endangered by the hostile gathering on Navy Island, did order this expedition", then McLeod did not bear the blame for the death of any killed as a result.
_	This reflects the belief that on Rosh Hashanah all is written and revealed and on Yom Kippur all decrees for the coming year are sealed.
_	Male chauvinism is the belief that men are superior to women.
_	Some nationalists have described partitionism as the belief that "Ireland" and "Irishness" is confined to the Republic of Ireland.
_	Through the 18th century, much of Western society adhered to the belief that the world was created by God and as such was complete and perfect.
_	Yarvin's opinions have been described as racist, with his writings interpreted as supportive of slavery, including the belief that whites have higher IQs than blacks for genetic reasons.
_	Central to its teaching philosophy is the belief that no child can do her best work unless she feels safe, seen, and known.
_	At first an adherent of the associational psychology of David Hartley, he came to discard this mechanical system for the belief that the mind is not a passive but an active agency in the apprehension of reality.
_	The Islamic resistance to the representation of living beings ultimately stems from the belief that the creation of living forms is unique to God, and it is for this reason that the role of images and image makers has been controversial.
_	According to TMT, self-esteem is a sense of personal value that is created by beliefs in the validity of one's cultural worldview, and the belief that one is living up to the cultural standards created by that worldview.
_	He was brought in on the heels of the signing of Rey Mysterio on the belief that he would make as big of an impact as Mysterio did upon his WWE debut.
_	Two-thirds of his library now resides in the Bodleian at Oxford; its separation from the museum collection in the Victorian era contributed to the belief that Ashmole designed the museum around the Tradescant collection, rather than his own.
_	Its use was an expression of the belief that to be socially and morally acceptable a women's sexuality and experience should be entirely restricted to marriage, and that she should also be under the supervision and care of an authoritative man.
_	Between 1895 and 1915 the Colonial Government chose to promote the existing Buddhist religion over Shintoism in Taiwan, under the belief that it could accelerate the assimilation of the Taiwanese into Japanese society.
_	Guy has spent his thirties at the family villa in Italy shunning the world after the failure of his marriage and has decided to return to England at the very beginning of the Second World War, in the belief that the creeping evils of modernity, gradually apparent in the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany, have become all too clearly displayed as a real and embodied enemy.
_	J. Gordon Melton writes that Scientology is an esoteric Gnostic system based on the belief that the self, or thetan, is trapped in what it calls MEST: matter, energy, space and time.
_	Incidence of non-persistently transmitted viruses has been shown to increase when flight activity of the vector is high, leading to the belief that the risk of virus transmission by soybean aphids may increase during times of high dispersal, such as the end of the peak stage.
_	This adage is often cited in systems development to justify the belief that adding more staff to a project does not guarantee it will get done quicker.
_	In their Declaration of Principles, the members expressed the belief that cultural texts always call for active readings, “interactions” in fact among different readers who have the “unique capacities to discern, to interpret, and to reflect…
_	Tensions escalated and in January 1973 an official statement was published challenging the charismatic practices of prostration (being "slain in the Spirit"), dancing, and the belief that Christians could be demon possessed (everyone in the AOG agreed that non-Christians could indeed be demon possessed).
_	By the mid-1990s, most researchers had abandoned the belief that careful tuning could reduce this overhead dramatically, but recently, newer microkernels, optimized for performance, such as L4 and K42 have addressed these problems.
_	These last two are quite rare, and are often referred to as "stains", from the belief that they were used to represent some dishonourable act, although in fact there is no evidence that this use existed outside the imagination of the more fanciful heraldic writers.
_	Ibn Taymiyyah held the belief that Hell was not eternal even for unbelievers.
_	Furthermore, unlike later theories of entrepreneurship which saw the entrepreneur as a disruptive force, Cantillon anticipated the belief that the entrepreneur brought equilibrium to a market by correctly predicting consumer preferences.
_	They entered the radio business with Milwaukee station in 1947, on the belief that between them they had expertise in law, engineering, music, writing, and acting, all of which would prove useful in the field.
_	Instead, they suggested ways to improve relations between the superpowers based on the belief that improved trust could slow or stop the arms race.
_	But the Entente has been made, strengthened, put to the test and celebrated in a manner justifying the belief that a moral bond was being forged...our duty and our interest will be seen to lie in standing by France...
_	According to Hunter it was in 1785 that the antiquarian John Pinkerton first revived the spelling "Shakspere" in the belief that this was the correct form as "traced by the poet's own hand" in his signatures.
_	She is calling out Walcott who in her opinion plays to the belief that “colonization brought civilization, brought culture.”
_	"Omphalos Syndrome" refers to the belief that a place of geopolitical power and currency is the most important place in the world.
_	In medieval Japan, the belief that any beautiful women met alone at dusk was a "kitsune" was prevalent.
_	Some DES products market a biodegradable polymer coating with the belief that the permanent polymer coatings of DES contribute to long-term inflammation.
_	This understanding of the gospel is contrasted to what Keller calls “traditional religion” (which he defines as a set of rules, rituals or actions that enable an individual to earn salvation or favor with God) as well as “irreligion” (which he defines as the belief that there is no God or no need for his favor).
_	Wong was also of the belief that excessive emphasis on individual rights over the rights of the community will retard progress.
_	Rule was of the belief that he was in charge and that lay volunteers were welcome to assist, but it was Rules's role to make decisions.
_	However, although this decision possibly affects only a small percentage of trials, it seems to add weight to a growing acceptance of the belief that government can override the constitutional rights of self-determination on medical matters.
_	Central to Torchbearers' theology is the belief that the way in which one lives the Christian life is by quieting or extinguishing the self, and allowing Christ to live his life through you in a very literal way.
_	(Woolf had actually declared that human nature underwent a fundamental change "on or about December 1910," which inspired the belief that the modernist literary movement began around that time.)
_	That was what started the belief that I was actually good enough to be the best in the country at something.
_	Meanwhile, the belief that the Native Americans destroyed the mound-builder culture had gained widespread acceptance.
_	He challenges the belief that Indonesia’s syncretic form of Islam makes it immune to inroads by Islamic extremism.
_	Descartes’ practical philosophy also proposed a dualism between the mind and the physical body, based on the belief that they are two distinct substances.
_	More specifically, when the other makes his or her resources available, this leads to the belief that these resources are now included in the self.
_	The folk tale explaining the origin of this Vietnamese tradition is a good illustration of the belief that the combination of areca nut and the betel leaf is ideal to the point they are practically inseparable, like an idealized married couple.
_	Author Jorge Ferrer equates the terms "Spiritual materialism" and "Spiritual Narcissism", though others draw a distinction, that spiritual narcissism is believing that one deserves love and respect or is better than another because one has accumulated spiritual training instead of the belief that accumulating training will bring an end to suffering.
_	This knowledge was learned and passed down after healers repeatedly used an herbal remedy for a specific wound with the belief that it promoted healing.
_	If true, it would undermine the belief that "the horseshoe is a necessary evil."
_	Apart from a general hostility to banking and the belief that specie (gold and/or silver) were the only true monies, Jackson's reasons for opposing the renewal of the charter revolved around his belief that bestowing power and responsibility upon a single bank was the cause of inflation and other perceived evils.
_	This is related to the belief that the mountain was used as a refuge by Sufis or Muslim mystics.
_	Those pursuing special-interest terrorism conduct acts of violence in the belief that these will compel a society to change its attitudes toward, treatment of and/or priority given to their cause in their favour.
_	Polylogism is the belief that different groups of people reason in fundamentally different ways (coined from Greek poly=many + logos=logic).
_	The lawsuit stated that buyers initially purchased units with the belief that Pinnacle would be opened by August 2008, and sought at least $5 million in returned deposits, damages and attorney's fees.
_	Theosophy promotes an emanationist cosmology, promoting the belief that the universe is an outward reflection from the Absolute.
_	IDC Herzliya was founded on the belief that an independent nonprofit college unfettered by bureaucracy and an external agenda could make a significant contribution to Israeli society and its future leadership.
_	This is based on the belief that Koṭuṅṅallūr was earlier known as Koṭum-Kal-l-ūr ("city of hard stones"); however, old records show that the city was actually Koṭum-kol-ūr ("city of strict governance").
_	Rice fragments have also been found, leading to the belief that the Bronze Age settlers were probably farmers.
_	Britby claimed to have done so in the belief that he was talking to a woman.
_	This, in turn, leads to the belief that the species needed to be close to a water source to deal with salt intake; however, at the same time some theories are beginning to arise that limb-remains indicate the ability to travel distances to and from water sources.
_	This was done in the belief that the poorer elements of the society had compelled the war in the first place.
_	The decision upheld the belief that the ‘spoils system’ is unconstitutional through first amendment freedoms.
_	The sign's manufacturer, Electrical Products Corporation, of Los Angeles, expressed the belief that it was the largest of its kind in the U.S. at the time.
_	Belyayev's and Trut's original interest in fox domestication was based in the belief that selection for behavior, such as tameness, mimicked past natural selection with ancestral dogs.
_	He described himself as "toothless, deaf, melancholic, shaky on my pins, unable to eat, full of dope, quite idle" and expressed the belief that "all fates were worse than death".
_	Nationalism, therefore, seeks to preserve a nation's culture, by way of pride in national achievements, and is closely linked to patriotism, which, in some cases, includes the belief that the nation should control the country's government and the means of production.
_	It is equally possible that Bernard held the belief that forcibly converting the Jews was immoral or perceived that greed motivated the original Rhineland massacre: both sentiments are echoed in the canon of Albert of Aachen in his chronicle of the First Crusade.
_	Following from the belief that what the working class was addressing in their daily struggles was the real content of socialism, the intellectuals encouraged the workers in the group to report on every aspect of their working lives.
_	LePage also switched the computers in the program to Windows operating system-based computers, on the belief that most employers in Maine use such a system.
_	A small minority of dentists continue to prescribe occlusal adjustments in the belief that this will prevent or treat TMD despite the existence of systematic reviews of the subject which state that there is no evidence for such practices, and the vast majority of opinion being that no irreversible treatment should be carried out in TMD (see Occlusal adjustment).
_	"Culturally Incorrect" identifies postmodernism - the belief that there is no such thing as absolute truth - as the cause of many of the culture's major ills, and calls upon Christians to impact the culture through prayer, service to the poor and activism.
_	He is proud in the belief that his son will carry on his legacy.
_	Miro explains to the driver, Kate, that he participated in the hijacking in the belief that this would assist in freeing his homeland.
_	One-nation conservatism reflects the belief that societies exist and develop organically, and that members within them have obligations towards each other.
_	The CDs are in fact blank, but they are meant to show the belief that Brown can influence them without them being aware of it.
_	As a symbol of cowardice, the white feather supposedly comes from cockfighting and the belief that a cockerel sporting a white feather in its tail is likely to be a poor fighter.
_	The main difference is the belief that the copyleft licenses, particularly the GNU General Public License (GPL), are undesirably complicated and/or restrictive.
_	The philosophy entailed the belief that God, as the creator of all things, wanted man to understand his creations and thus to study them by collecting and classifying organisms and other natural phenomena.
_	President Woodrow Wilson had various issues to deal with and did not want to intervene in Russia with total commitment due to Russian public opinion and the belief that many Russians were not part of the growing Red Army and in the hopes the revolution would eventually fade towards more democratic realizations.
_	In keeping with the belief that "God ordained men to provide the spiritual leadership of the church in the preaching/pastoral function," the seminary does not award degrees to women, but does enroll women interested in taking courses for personal enrichment or vocational development.
_	Antifeminism includes beliefs such as hostility towards women's rights, the belief that the disadvantages suffered by women in society are incorrect or are myths, or that feminism as a movements seeks to harm or oppress men.
_	On appeal, both the Ohio Court of Appeals and the Ohio Supreme Court (the highest in the state) affirmed his conviction on the belief that the searches were part of a lawful arrest and thus valid, despite the lack of a warrant.
_	The fact that some types of software are intuitive while others are not leads to the belief that there is a “right design” for every software/IT application that is up to the designer to find.
_	Although the name may sound presumptuous, it was chosen because of the sense of great urgency that psychiatry should advance, and the belief that by hard work, and teamwork, we could help it do so.
_	The film did not perform well at the box office, and post-release, Srikanth stated he did the film for "emotional reasons" and signed the film on the belief that Allu Aravind had a good stature in the industry.
_	Sokal and Bricmont highlight the rising tide of what they call cognitive relativism, the belief that there are no objective truths but only local beliefs.
_	Many supporters of abstinence-only education do so out of the belief that comprehensive guides to sex or information about contraceptives will ultimately result in teens actively pursuing and engaging in sexual activities, while others oppose the endorsement of contraception for religious reasons.
_	Expectancy is the belief that one's effort (E) will result in attainment of desired performance (P) goals.
_	According to cultural historian Lloyd Kramer, Lafayette (as well as a later visitor to America, Alexis de Tocqueville) "provided foreign confirmations of the self-image that shaped America's national identity in the early nineteenth century and that has remained a dominant theme in the national ideology ever since: the belief that America's Founding Fathers, institutions, and freedom created the most democratic, egalitarian, and prosperous society in the world".
_	His offer was refused in the belief that the Haganah would come to their aid in an organized rescue.
_	Bergé said, "I have the belief that Yves would not have been strong enough to accept that."
_	The organization's membership chooses to remain anonymous because of the belief that service, when provided anonymously, provides a unique philanthropic opportunity.
_	Its claims are based on the belief that current Armenia was ruled by Turkic tribes and states from the Late Middle Ages to the Treaty of Turkmenchay which was signed after the Russo-Persian War, 1826-1828.
_	The Egyptians fostered a very intense form of death cult because they were of the belief that the soul (Egypt.
_	This design value is based on the belief that building—and to some degree products—should be designed in accordance with the particular characteristics of a specific place.
_	This act allowed lands that did not meet the constraints of size, roadlessness, or human impact to be designated as wilderness areas under the belief that they could be returned to a "primeval" state through preservation.
_	In the meanwhile, Dragoș was lynched by the Abrud crowds, in the belief that he was part of Hatvany's ruse.
_	At first, most of those immigrating to Palestine were Orthodox Jews who moved due to the holiness of the Land of Israel and their wish to be buried in Jerusalem (due to the belief that the Messiah will resurrect those interred in Jerusalem before the rest of the world).
_	They teach parents to understand and respond to a child’s motivations instead of her actions, in the belief that reflection is more productive for healthy family relationships than addressing specific actions.
_	You are a victim of the American Dream, the belief that anyone who works hard can move up economically regardless of his or her social circumstances.
_	Felidae's focus on wild cat conservation is motivated by the belief that the study of wild cats can serve as a leverage point for addressing the broader environmental issues of habitat loss, human-nature interactions, and wildlife sustainability.
_	In 2011, the Capital's coach expressed the belief that players like Jansen would benefit the team by competing in the SEABL.
_	They also suggested an armistice rather than a full peace treaty, in the belief that a peace treaty would require the approval of all of the Allied nations and be too slow.
_	He finds the treasure at Mount Deer Cauldron (鹿鼎山) in Heilongjiang, but does not seize it for himself because he holds on to the belief that the treasure is the Qing imperial family's "root".
_	At the same time Hunnoi are first mentioned in the west by Tacitus as being near the Caspian Sea in 91 AD, hence the belief that Pei Chanyu might have travelled west.
_	Moluntha had voluntarily and peacefully surrendered, waving an American flag and a copy of the peace treaty he had signed earlier that year, in the belief that these would protect him.
_	They pursue Daken in the belief that he can lead them to Colcord, and later enlist the help of the crime boss Tyger Tiger to concoct a plan to rid Madripoor of both Colcord and Daken, but after a fight between X-23 and Daken reaches a stalemate, she resolves that she does not need Daken's help, and is later is taken captive.
_	In the aftermath of World War II, when the Czechoslovak state was restored, the government expelled the majority of ethnic Germans (about 3 million altogether), in the belief that their behaviour had been a major cause of the war and subsequent destruction.
_	This led to the belief that change is real, and stability illusory.
_	Around the same time, the main antitrust allegation was changed to cover the belief that Apple had deliberately updated the iTunes software with security patches in a way that prevented synchronization compatibility with competing music stores.
_	It is characterised by the belief that the Written Torah (Written Law) cannot be correctly interpreted without reference to the Oral Torah and the voluminous literature specifying what behavior is sanctioned by the Law.
_	Charlie takes joy in the belief that this book will allow his thoughts to reach a much wider audience than before.
_	Like all minstrels, she wishes to secure her place at court and in history by writing a famous ballad; much to Fitz's chagrin, she follows him in the belief that he will inspire one.
_	Respect for animal welfare is often based on the belief that non-human animals are sentient and that consideration should be given to their well-being or suffering, especially when they are under the care of humans.
_	The theater is funded by the Tel Aviv Municipality and the Ministry of Culture, thanks to the belief that a unique theater that integrates ethnicities and communities is meaningful and important despite any financial difficulties.
_	Apostolic succession is the belief that the pope and Catholic bishops are the spiritual successors of the original twelve apostles, through the historically unbroken chain of consecration (see: Holy orders).
_	It has been said that Stalin prevented civilians from leaving the city in the belief that their presence would encourage greater resistance from the city's defenders.
_	Although the belief that buildings in Washington D.C. are currently, or were at one time, restricted to the height of the U.S. Capitol building remains popular to this day, it is untrue, and has even become "the stuff of local lore."
_	Sunni Muslims developed the belief that the caliph is a temporal political ruler, appointed to rule within the bounds of Islamic law (The rules of life set by Allah in the Qur'an).
_	An important factor in his decision was the belief that France risked becoming a second-rate power by not expanding its influence in East Asia.
_	"In the late sixties and seventies, Canadian artists and writers from coast to coast embraced the belief that art can only be made out of the specifics of life, place and time.
_	These oils are or have been used by the faithful, with the belief that they will cure bodily and spiritual ailments, not through any intrinsic power of their own, but through the intercession of the saints with whom the oils have some connection.
_	Opposition to same-sex marriage is largely based on the belief that sexual intercourse and sexual orientation should be of a heterosexual nature.
_	The Harwich Force, including "Lightfoot" as well as four light cruisers and 18 destroyers sortied from Harwich at 2am on 11 February, in the belief that the battlecruisers of the German First Scouting Group were at sea.
_	The mural was painted by Emanuel Gottlieb Leutze in 1861 and symbolizes Manifest Destiny, the belief that the United States was destined for Western exploration and expansion originating from the initial colonies along the Atlantic seaboard to the Pacific Ocean.
_	The founding director defined the goal of the center as the pursuit of a cross-regional and cross-cultural analysis, fostering the encounter of a diversity of viewpoints, with the belief that a broad diversity of views serves as an effective means of conflict resolution.
_	Anju (Kyōko Kagawa) still believes in the teachings of her father, which advocate treating others with humanity, but Zushiō (Yoshiaki Hanayagi) has repressed his humanity, becoming one of the overseers who punishes other slaves, in the belief that this is the only way to survive.
_	Addams based her support of Americanization on the belief that immigrants should embrace their new identity as an American, but should not leave behind their heritage.
_	Ethnographers are of the belief that the whole of middle /central Benin was historically covered by a large Yoruba group called the Isha.
_	With Olivia out of earshot, Walter scolds Peter in the belief that Peter is—perhaps unintentionally—empathizing his memories onto Olivia, who as a child was highly emotionally attuned to others.
_	This was another clear intention of the act described in the Department of Health Introduction as ""...the belief that children are best brought up in the family with both parents playing a full part...the local authority duty to provide support for children and families...""
_	In the United States and Europe there are several "radon spas", where people sit for minutes or hours in a high-radon atmosphere in the belief that low doses of radiation will invigorate or energize them.
_	Alexis finds Blake and, with everyone believing he is dead, perpetuates the belief that they are still married.
_	The Forum of Bible Agencies International was founded in 1990 on the belief that collaboration and cooperation would significantly increase the speed and widen the scope for bringing about worldwide access to the Bible.
_	Foremost among them is the belief that as the southernmost representatives of Mesoamerican culture, Nicoyans lived in nucleated villages, and that Cereceda's accounting of 6,063 souls merely represented the number of inhabitants of one village under chief Nicoya's control.
_	Coffee substitutes are sometimes used in preparing foods served to children or to people who avoid caffeine, or in the belief that they are healthier than coffee.
_	Fenno's paradox is the belief that people generally disapprove of the United States Congress as a whole, but support the Congressmen from their own Congressional district.
_	In theology, it refers to the belief that God is present by His Essence everywhere and in all things by reason of His Immensity.
_	In the belief that the revolt had been successful, Pope Pius V issued a bull in 1570, titled "Regnans in Excelsis", which declared "Elizabeth, the pretended Queen of England and the servant of crime" to be excommunicated and a heretic, releasing all her subjects from any allegiance to her.
_	Though Tyrone's new job under Price is violent and illegal, he tries to rationalize it by talking himself into the belief that he will soon have enough money to quit and go into a cleaner business.
_	Her Olympic victories are credited with helping to eliminate the belief that age and motherhood were barriers to success in women's sport.
_	A month later Hubbard unwittingly sailed the "PC-815" into Mexican territorial waters and conducted gunnery practice off the Coronado Islands, in the belief that they were uninhabited and belonged to the United States.
_	Some leper colonies issued their own money (such as tokens), in the belief that allowing lepers to handle regular money could spread the disease.
_	Feminist legal theory, also known as feminist jurisprudence, is based on the belief that the law has been fundamental in women's historical subordination.
_	Wright eventually abandoned the belief that being lesbian is immoral and deviant:
_	Some Lutherans use this formula as their rationale for opposing in the church the reservation of the consecrated elements, private masses, the practice of Corpus Christi, and the belief that the "reliquæ" (what remains of the consecrated elements after all have communed in the worship service) are still sacramentally united to the Body and Blood of Christ.
_	It shared with that movement the belief that defeat in the Spanish–American War had been the fault of a political system that was rife with incompetence and corruption, with Maurism prescribing the imposition of a new patriotic system from above by elites.
_	In written comments to the synod, Burke criticized "antinomianism", the belief that grace exempts Christians from obedience to moral law, stating that it is "among the most serious wounds of society today," and is responsible for the legalization of "intrinsically evil" actions such as abortion, embryonic stem-cell research, euthanasia, and same-sex marriage.
_	When its floor was dug up, dozens of "mudhumakkal Thazhis" (burial urns) were discovered, along with earthen lamps and eating utensils, which were buried along with the urns in the belief that the dead may find light and food in the afterlife.
_	The license had been originally granted in the belief that the house would be open only for four months in the summer, and would become a nursery of singers for the winter theatres.
_	Noting the effectiveness of the formats of the Wall Street Journal CEO Council and the Clinton Global Initiative, they founded Concordia as a nonprofit organization that helps develop public-private partnerships (P3s), in the belief that the most effective and sustainable way to find solutions to pressing global issues is through cooperation between the public, private, and nonprofit sectors.
_	He has also developed the first high efficiency non-aqueous electrolyte for DSSC and more recently has overturned the belief that water is poisonous to dye sensitisation by designing water based and water tolerant DSSC.
_	Despite his conviction, all the members of the court, in view of Captain McLaughlin's high reputation, and in the belief that his conduct was owing to a misconception of his duties and accountability as Acting Asstant Quarter Master, signed a recommendation to the reviewing authority for the favorable consideration of the case.
_	Nathan O. Hatch argues that the evangelical movement of the 1740s played a key role in the development of democratic thought, as well as the belief of the free press and the belief that information should be shared and completely unbiased and uncontrolled.
_	The name comes from the belief that the bodies of the dead are "sown as seed" in God's Acre, as in a field, so that they can rise again when Jesus Christ returns to the world.
_	The first machine is ultimately destroyed by a religious extremist, in the belief that building it was detrimental to humankind.
_	It is the belief that ones ingroup is more 'human' than the outgroup in terms of uniquely human attributes and secondary emotions.
_	She was also the President and CEO of the Latin American Research and Service Agency (LARASA), founded 1964, for improve the quality of life for Latinos throughout Colorado with the belief that when you improve the lives of Latinos in Colorado, you improve the lives of all Coloradoans.
_	The focus was to be artist-oriented rather than art-oriented, in order to emphasize the belief that artistic creativity is a continual challenge.
_	The three brothers returned the same day their parents were having a memorial for them in the belief that they had died.
_	Even if perceptual beliefs are infallible, it is not clear that they can infallibly ground empirical knowledge (even if my belief that the table looks red to me is infallible, the inference to the belief that the table actually is red might not be infallible).
_	To avoid chaos, the extraterrestrials brainwash the populace into the belief that Junichiro's childhood friend Yukino Ohama is leader of the country of Nippon.
_	These individuals often argue that running drinking water should be a service provided by government, regardless of an individual's ability to pay for the service and would be opposed to letting private business provide this service primarily because of the belief that a profit-seeking entity would ultimately cut off water service for those who refuse to pay for the service.
_	Many "shugenja" and star-crossed lovers have leaped from the top of the waterfall in the belief that they will be reborn into Kannon’s paradise.
_	These Sutra mounds were created by priests in times of war to hide their treasures but also many items were buried in this way as a result of the belief that the end of the world was coming at the start of the 10th century.
_	After an international outcry, he reversed himself but stated that only units that had undergone "brassage" would be allowed to fight, apparently in the belief that the all-Tutsi CNDP units were more likely to be indiscriminately violent towards the mostly Hutu population of the FDLR heartland.
_	A more official line was the punishment of men for instances of female misconduct: a reflection of a patriarchal society and the belief that men are duty bound to control women.
_	Venerating the ancestors is based on the belief that the spirits of the dead continue to dwell in the natural world and have the power to influence the fortune and fate of the living.
_	Even though plantigrade locomotion usually distributes more weight toward the end of the limb than digitigrade locomotion, which increases energy expenditure in most systems, studies have shown that the human heel-first gait conserves more energy over long distances than other gaits, which is consistent with the belief that humans are evolutionarily specialized for long-distance movement.
_	Six of the seven members resigned in January 2007 in the belief that they were "assisting to legitimise a democracy that doesn’t really exist on Ascension Island".
_	Imam al-Hadi al-Mahdi had withdrawn to his Aba Island stronghold in the Nile, near Khartoum, in the belief that the government had decided to strike at the Ansar movement.
_	The work self-efficacy inventory was developed in the belief that there is benefit in assessing especially new or prospective workers' confidence in managing workplace experiences.
_	Underground shelters were also created in the belief that the "Luftwaffe" would soon return.
_	It was felt prudent to balance the key Cabinet committee that would take the decisions on tariffs and so Runciman was appointed President of the Board of Trade once more, in the belief that he would serve as a counterbalance to the protectionist Chancellor of the Exchequer Neville Chamberlain.
_	Attempts to research Pa's history prove inconclusive, which has led some to the belief that he is a "princeling" - the son of a well connected original Chinese communist revolutionary.
_	One "should never fall in the belief that you can find someone to pick you up".
_	A Jihad for Love" is a documentary that seeks to refute the belief that LGBT Muslims do not exist.
_	Faith healing is based on the belief that illness is due to attacks by different types of spirits.
_	A small amount of definitive research has led to the belief that intensity, sensitivity and overexcitability are primary characteristics of the highly gifted.
_	Underlying such laws is the belief that people should make an informed decision regarding the risks of tobacco use.
_	Considering Christianity, vegetarians noted that only after the Flood was permission given to eat flesh and not beforehand, further promoting the belief that the true natural diet of man did not include meat.
_	According to research by Rachel Elior, the belief that the Rebbe would be the messiah built up during the 1980s.
_	Davis refused to issue marriage licenses to all couples, opposite-sex or same-sex, in the belief that it would not be considered discrimination under Kentucky and United States law.
_	Denying the belief that sensory experience is primary, Radischev, in "On Man, His Mortality, His Immortality", speaks in favor of man's higher virtues as the main elements in complex human thought.
_	Luke Plunkett of video game blog Kotaku initially speculated that Nintendo of America issued the cease and desist letters over the belief that the images were illegally obtained via a ROM image; however, Jon Sahagian of PokéBeach stated the images in question had been obtained from the Japanese forum 2channel.
_	The trial for Falconio's accused killer, Bradley Murdoch, was still under way at the time, and for this reason the Northern Territory court placed an injunction on the film's release there in the belief that it could influence the outcome of the proceedings; Murdoch was eventually found guilty of murder on 13 December 2005.
_	Cerak was taken care of by the van Ryn family in the belief that she was their daughter.
_	Hymenaeus and Alexander were proponents of antinomianism, the belief that Christian morality was not required.
_	Moreover, Lagunoff and Schreft argue that investors will anticipate the possibility of such a chain reaction, so that the belief that it may happen in the future could cause investors to reallocate their portfolios, thus triggering a self-fulfilling crisis.
_	Perspectives range from the assertion that all abductions are hoaxes to the belief that the claims are of objective happenings and separate from the consciousness of the claimants.
_	Connor (Vincent Kartheiser) returns days later, fully grown and under the belief that Angel is a soulless monster.
_	Following the recovery of his son, and in the belief that Didacus had in some way intervened on his behalf, King Philip II of Spain commissioned Juanelo Turriano, mechanic to Emperor Charles V, to build a clockwork model of Didacus.
_	Additionally, in ancient Israel, the belief that God had delivered Israel from slavery resulted in the social imperative and religious commandment to look after guests and strangers as an act of recognition and gratitude.
_	Many researchers have expressed the belief that Phillips managed to make it to the overturned lifeboat B, which was in the charge of Second Officer Charles Lightoller, along with Harold Bride.
_	When not much was being done to combat the human rights violations occurring in Chile, the Vicariate of Solidarity stood up in defense of human rights, with the belief that they were integral teachings of the Christian gospel and therefore part of the Church's to protect in the world.
_	The idea stemmed from the belief that Hysteria was a kind of pre-feminist rebellion against the oppressive defined social roles placed upon women.
_	Based on this, the insurance policy, Hartwig's known antipathy for Truitt's wife, and the belief that Truitt and Hartwig had been sexually involved, the NIS considered Truitt a suspect.
_	The RGS based their decision on the belief that the NGS had performed a serious scrutiny of the "proofs", which was not the case.
_	When Esther returns from the trip alone, she is haunted by the belief that Gemma's disappearance is her fault, but mystery surrounds what really happened.
_	Elferink maintained the belief that waiting for perpetrator to apologise was to give that perpetrator ongoing power.
_	As a result, 1976 silver medallist Frank Shorter has advocated the belief that Cierpinski cheated and has supported official review of past performances, i.e. considering stripping medals from athletes who are found later on to have cheated, as a deterrent to drug-cheats.
_	Targ and Puthoff both expressed the belief that Uri Geller, retired police commissioner Pat Price and artist Ingo Swann all had genuine psychic abilities.
_	The notion that a causally effective incorporeal body is even coherent requires the belief that something can affect what's material, without physically existing at the point of effect.
_	Storer, who was still of the belief that the new show needed Como as its host, did not go through with the advertising agency's request.
_	During the war, Nicholas who took at face value Wilhelm's "Yellow Peril" speeches, placed much hope in German intervention on his side, and more than once, Nicholas chose to continue the war out of the belief that the Kaiser would come to his aid.
_	While the NDH leadership may have organized a civilian retreat to bolster their claims that the Yugoslav Communists were after innocent civilian victims, the sheer number of civilians slowed down the retreat, made surrender to the Allies unfeasible, and ultimately led to the belief that they were nothing more than a human shield to the Ustaše.
_	In fact, I turned down a major role that would have conflicted with "Dallas" in the belief that I would be offered the role of Pam.
_	This has led to the belief that Hydro-Québec TransÉnergie's electrical pylons are "indestructible".
_	At the funeral service at the Garfield Sobers Gymnasium in Wildey, Barbados, former West Indian fast bowler Rev. Wes Hall whispered the last rites in the belief that Marshall, having found God again in the last few weeks of his life, was off to Heaven.
_	The Gallup report said, "although the survey did not ask directly whether those who hold the belief that Obama wants to ban gun sales have acted on that belief in terms of increased purchases of guns and ammunition, a connection between the belief and the behavior is a logical hypothesis."
_	On the southern wall and near the tomb, a Greek funeral inscription of the Byzantine period mentioning the name Domitilla probably indicates who the tomb belonged to, even though the belief that it held the remains of Saint Pelagia is also attested from the Byzantine period.
_	Formed in 1984 out of the belief that the number of players leaving the locality, to join neighbouring clubs such as Cardigan, Narberth and Whitland, would be better served by a town team.
_	In a statement that Hartman prepared for the 30th anniversary "GMA" broadcast in 2005, he explained, "My daily sign-off line, 'Make it a good day today,' reflected 'GMA's' values and the belief that each of us can affect our lives in a positive way, that our program was, we hoped, a public service."
_	They had initially agreed to control their spending for a year or two, in the belief that the government would vigorously track the spending habits of any and all suspects for at least a year before relenting.
_	Central to Scott Williamson's philosophy was the belief that left to themselves people would spontaneously begin to organise in a creative way, and this happened, the members initiating a wide range of sporting, social and cultural activities using the facilities offered by the Centre.
_	For some language pairs and for some tasks, and with engines that have been customised with domain specific good quality data, some clients are already requesting translators to post-edit instead of translating from scratch, in the belief that they will attain similar quality at a lower cost.
_	This is the belief that the kingdom of heaven or of Christ (the Church) is different and distinct from the kingdoms of this world.
_	One reason such issues seem impossible to solve is because of the belief that public policy should be neutral, without trying to select one definition of the public good over another.
_	It was for her that a robot Doctor Doom was made to attend so as to give her the belief that Stilt-Man had been respected by some of the "major league" supervillains, and she also shared a sympathy dance with the Gibbon.
_	Taylor also denounced the Roman Catholic doctrine of transubstantiation, which is the belief that the two elements (bread and wine) taken during Holy Communion, or the Eucharist, actually become the body and blood of Jesus Christ.
_	She was also influenced by the writing of the far right American theorist Francis Parker Yockey, in particular his 1962 work "Imperium", in which he lamented the defeat of Nazi Germany and blamed it on the influence of Jews in Europe and the U.S. Influenced by Yockey, Christensen came to believe that Aryan culture had reached its "senility phase", personified by the ideologies of Christianity, communism, and capitalism, the belief that all human beings are equal, and the internationalist erosion of the distinct cultures of different races.
_	The Council of Trent (1545–1563), initiated by Pope Paul III (1534–1549) addressed issues of certain ecclesiastical corruptions such as simony, absenteeism, nepotism, and other abuses, as well as the reassertion of traditional practices and the dogmatic articulation of the traditional doctrines of the Church, such as the episcopal structure, clerical celibacy, the seven sacraments, transubstantiation (the belief that during mass the consecrated bread and wine truly become the body and blood of Christ), the veneration of relics, icons, and saints (especially the Blessed Virgin Mary), the necessity of both faith and good works for salvation, the existence of purgatory and the issuance (but not the sale) of indulgences, etc.
_	He broke this vow however, when the Emperor ordered Hiroim to kill his adolescent son, due to the belief that he would bring ruin and devastation to Sakaar (a prediction that ended up coming to pass).
_	Bengali officers of EPR and EBR had discussed a preemptive strike on Pakistan forces, but the senior Bengali officers (Lt. Col M.R. Choudhury -Chief Instructor, EBRC) and Major Ziaur Rahman (2IC, 8 EBR), dissuaded Captain Rafiq (Sector Adjutant, EPR) from rebelling in the belief that the Pakistani army would not take action against civilians, but confirmed that they would revolt in case of any Pakistani attack.
_	The movement was linked especially with certain Catholic French scholars such as Louis Duchesne, who questioned the belief that God acts in a direct way in the affairs of humanity, and Alfred Loisy, who denied that some parts of Scripture were literally rather than perhaps metaphorically true.
_	Augustine is of the belief that Cyprian might have changed his mind if a general (ecumenical) council had been called.
_	Futures has been driven by the belief that children raised in urban poverty can transform their lives through the power of education.
_	Analysis of the proposed design of the building by the Philadelphia Saving Fund Society stated that the belief that traditional banking architecture would soon become obsolete and that economic realities would lead to similarly designed buildings in the near future.
_	There was widespread criticism focused on the belief that the famine in Sweden was caused by unjust distribution.
_	Mormon teachings on marriage begins with the belief that, if performed by a person who has the requisite priesthood authority, a marriage may continue in the afterlife.
_	He lost owing to Netaji's rising popularity and the belief that Pattabhi favoured the inclusion of Tamil-majority districts in a future Telugu state in independent India.
_	Furthermore, prior to the Copernican revolution, heliocentrism, the belief that the Earth goes around the Sun, rather than "vice versa", was considered to be contrary to common sense.
_	Grounded in the belief that the untapped energy and idealism of young people can be a powerful force for transforming communities, Kirsch and Browne created Public Allies to provide a pipeline for diverse young leaders to begin careers in public life.
_	Gentrification, according to consumption theory, fulfills the desire for a space with social meaning for the middle class as well as the belief that it can only be found in older places because of a dissatisfaction with contemporary urbanism.
_	NPR wrote that "Jemisin brilliantly illustrates the belief that, yes, imaginative world-building is a vital element of fantasy—but also that every character is a world unto herself."
_	He has also revealed (in "Nextwave" #6) that his wife, upon turning forty, refused to give in any longer to a fetish of his involving a wig, a chicken, and a bathful of acid; she then apparently took all his money, painted everything pink, had him adopt 'a million screaming little snot-factory children', and went under the belief that her womb would fall out should he touch her.
_	Services are structured around the belief that great leaps in learning can happen with one-on-one attention, and that strong writing skills are fundamental to future success.
_	Fans have found extra material hidden in the game's ROMs, adding evidence to the belief that the game was released pre-completion.
_	Congregational churches differed from the Presbyterian and continental Reformed churches in the belief that churches should be composed of "visible saints" or the elect.
_	Not everybody in the id Software crew was happy with this development, however; some, including Jay Wilbur and Kevin Cloud, objected due to legal concerns and in the belief that it would not be of any benefit to the company's business.
_	Medieval literary scholar Corinne Saunders acknowledged a difficulty in determining how widely held was the belief that pregnancy implies consent, but concluded that it influenced "at least some justices", citing a 1313 case in Kent.
_	Christian Scientists do not practice intercessory prayer as it is commonly understood, and they generally avoid combining prayer with medical treatment in the belief that the two practices tend to work against each other.
_	The basis for his argument was the belief that for progressive democracy to be successful it needed to move quickly, and the Constitution did not accommodate that.
_	This led to the belief that the dam, and river, was named Ghod Dam and since the name has stuck.
_	This passage lends evidence to the belief that the conquest of Brycheiniog (Brecon), led by Bernard de Neufmarche, was mostly finished by Eastertide 1093.
_	So ingrained was the belief that parallel computing was the future of all performance gains that the Fifth-Generation project generated a great deal of apprehension in the computer field.
_	Many people hold the belief that some brown bears may be present in the Atlas Mountains of Morocco, but there have been none sighted since the nineteenth century.
_	A Brahmin priest, assured in the belief that a cobra has a godly nature and will never harm others if treated courteously, is nevertheless killed by the snake when trying to heal and feed it.
_	Crawford delivered himself up at Edinburgh on 20 May 1589, asserting that Huntly had beguiled him into the belief that he had a commission from the king for gathering his forces.
_	However, Massey refuses, secure in the belief that his Adam Sahib will help him out, leading to the tragic denouement.
_	She also lacks the belief that her achievements are worthy”.
_	Shemrock expanded to urban areas with the belief that franchise preschools were in higher demand there.
_	The New Testament Gospels state that John attacked the tetrarch's marriage as contrary to Jewish law (it was incestuous, as Herodias was also Antipas' niece, but also John criticized the fact that she was his brother's wife in Mark 6:18, lending credence to the belief that Antipas and Herodias married while Herod II was still alive), while Josephus says that John's public influence made Antipas fearful of rebellion.
_	Segregation on the basis of race is rooted in the belief that there are distinct differences between people of different skin colors.
_	As F. J. Harvey Darton, an early scholar of children's literature, explains, they "have the same ideal, in one aspect held by Rousseau, in another wholly rejected by him: the belief that a child should steadily contemplate Nature, and the conviction that by so doing he will be led to contemplate the traditional God".
_	Among their tenets are the belief that Christ continues to suffer in Hell until the Last Judgement, and also the placing of blame for the plague on the use of forbidden technologies such as gunpowder.
_	With the belief that it was "better to bequeath virtue rather than wealth to one's children", Tin donated the vast majority of his assets to his charitable foundation.
_	It was based on the belief that substances were made up of the four Aristotelian elements, fire, earth, air, and water in different proportions.
_	Neill founded Summerhill with the belief that "the function of a child is to live his own life—–not the life that his anxious parents think he should live, not a life according to the purpose of an educator who thinks he knows best."
_	A single Lombax, Alister Azimuth, worked with Tachyon under the belief that it was the right thing to do, a choice that he would forever regret when the Cragmite used the Lombax technology to create an army and destroy the Lombaxes out of vengeance.
_	Davies and Allison note that in folklore of the period ghosts were described as not having feet, so this reference to Jesus' feet might be to counter the belief that Jesus is a ghost rather than fully resurrected.
_	Some Christians hold the belief that the kiss symbolizes the exchange of souls between the bride and the groom, fulfilling the scripture that “the two shall become one flesh.”
_	Locke expressed the belief that education maketh the man, or, more fundamentally, that the mind is an "empty cabinet", with the statement, "I think I may say that of all the men we meet with, nine parts of ten are what they are, good or evil, useful or not, by their education."
_	Agnostic evolution is the position of acceptance of biological evolution, combined with the belief that it is not important whether God is, was, or will have been involved.
_	From around the time of World War I, some proposed restoring this line, in the belief that it would provide protection against Germany.
_	His claim resulted in the largest schism in the history of the Bahá'í Faith, with a few groups still holding the belief that Remey was the successor of Shoghi Effendi.
_	Ultrajectine thought rejects papal infallibility and holds to the belief that only the Church in ecumenical council may speak infallibly.
_	Regarding the Ipswich Model Band, I have always held the belief that what I know and have been told by old bandsmen is correct.
_	Robert M. Chesney of the New York Times also shares the belief that Harroun was "fighting on the U.S. side, but with the wrong people."
_	On the whole, one may, perhaps, say that all his different characteristics come from the combination, in varying proportions, of three things—the desire to do his duty, the belief that he knows better than other people, and blindness to the difference in value between different things.
_	Similarly, the belief that children who were not baptised at birth were in particular danger of having the fairies kidnap them and leave changelings in their place may stem from their unnamed state.
_	Soon, the British units from the north and the ones from the south reached the summit and, unable to see clearly in the fog, and in the belief that they were surrounded by EOKA fighters, started shooting and calling in airstrikes at each other for eight hours with 250 casualties — 127 deaths, 102 injuries, and 21 missing.
_	This may also have been a pragmatic consideration in the belief that the state was not yet strong enough in order to broaden its anti-religious activities beyond the Orthodox church.
_	The man, Joel Penderek, was captured under the belief that he is Josif Voronstov, the war criminal partially responsible for the massacre at Babi Yar.
_	Anton's mother took him away on the belief that Winslow was a pedophile but only to abandon him, leaving him to fend for himself in Metropolis.
_	Herodotus in his "Histories" ridiculed the belief that water encircled the world, yet most classicists agree he still believed the earth was flat because of his descriptions of literal "ends" or "edges" of the earth.
_	The Neeka served as a judge and a commander-in-chief and derived his authority from the belief that he is under the immediate guidance and protection of Providence.
_	In addition, the term also refers more specifically to the belief that Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson is the Messiah.
_	Due to inclination towards nativism, much of its platform is based on the belief that Islamic and Christian denominations in India are the result of occupations, and therefore these groups should not receive concessions from the state.
_	Similarly, there is no statistical basis for the belief that lottery numbers which haven't appeared recently are due to appear soon.
_	In July 1976 a jury ruled that the shooting was not intentional and that the guards, including Hollinger, were acting under the belief that Steinhauser's life was actively being threatened by the inmates.
_	She left with the belief that public-private partnerships are vital in strengthening local communities.
_	Voldemort learnt of the first part of the prophecy, and subsequently tried to murder Harry in the belief that he could prevent it from coming true, unaware that he would grant Harry power by doing so.
_	According to de Grey, the pro-aging trance or "pro-aging edifice" is a psychological strategy which people use to cope with aging, and which is rooted in the belief that aging is not only immutable and unavoidable, but "desirable" in some sense, as part of the natural or divine order that should not be perturbed.
_	Another central tenet of Reform Judaism is the belief that it is the universal mission of Jews to spread God's message, to be a light unto the nations.
_	Von Caprivi's decision was also driven by the belief that the Reinsurance Treaty was no longer needed to ensure Russian neutrality in case France attacked Germany and it would even preclude an offensive against France.
_	The author puts forward the belief that consciousness is a particular kind of brain process; linked and integrated, yet complex and differentiated.
_	A company called Singly was funding development of Locker, in the belief that third-party developers would build applications, such as recommender systems, using it.
_	The pastor had advised her to marry her fiancé despite his philandering, and she did so in the belief that her love would reform him.
_	Lacey does however say that according to his source, Bin Baz gave an interview after publishing the article "in which he mused on how we operate day to day on the basis that the ground beneath us is flat ... and it led him to the belief that he was not afraid to voice and for which he became notorious."
_	A second CID study in 1908 reiterated the belief that an invasion would be defeated before it made landfall, rendering a large home army unnecessary in the eyes of the military authorities.
_	Scientific foreknowledge in sacred texts is the belief that certain sacred texts document an awareness of the natural world that was later discovered by technology and science.
_	This includes the belief that the sacred text grants a higher awareness of the natural world, like those views held by some Orthodox Jews about the Hebrew Bible (Tanakh), by some Muslims regarding the Quran, by certain Christians regarding the Christian Bible, and by certain Hindus regarding the Hindu scriptures.
_	In a short time the library gained a size and quality rare in Italy, especially then: an international horizon of readings, a rigorous vision of research, the belief that through a free and strict condition of historical, theological patristic exegetical philosophical study one could strengthen a season of renewal of Christianity.
_	No documentation about the line earlier than 1960 could be located by the CIA, casting doubt on the belief that the NLL was created immediately after the armistice.
_	Irish nationalist leaders and the IPP under Redmond supported Ireland's participation in the British war effort, in the belief that it would ensure implementation of Home Rule after the war.
_	Monarchism is a system based on the belief that political power should be concentrated in one person who rules by decree.
_	Considering the immense power of the Nazi authority and the belief that obedience was the best solution to maintain viability of Jewish life, the Jewish Council complied with most of the Nazi decrees.
_	About her students, Cane said, “My work with the children is based on the belief that almost any little child can learn to draw or paint as naturally as to speak or write” (1931b).
_	Indiscriminate felling particularly of large trees is generally eschewed owing to the belief that they are dwellings of tree spirits called "yokkazo" () and that such an act would bring the wrath of the nat upon the perpetrator.
_	Fish were only allowed to be eaten by priests during rituals devoted to Atargatis, in the belief that they represented her body.
_	After all of these tests, the chief doctor of the Berlin asylum wrote in June 1909 that "there is no foundation to the belief that [Kamo] is feigning insanity.
_	This fed into the belief that at least some minerals could be gendered into male and female forms.
_	The public schools subscribed to the belief that sport formed an important part of education and there was a prevailing concept of fairness in which practicing or training was considered cheating.
_	From these postulates stems the belief that God periodically reveals his will through divine messengers, whose purpose is to transform the character of humankind and to develop, within those who respond, moral and spiritual qualities.
_	Christophe is another captive that Bird calls Crow, keeping him in the belief that he will be of use in future trades with other colonialists.
_	Interested in physiognomy, the belief that the study and judgment of a person's outer appearance, primarily the face, reflects their character or personality, he attempted to capture the personality of his subjects, as well as his own, through his warm and individualistic works.
_	Essentially job fairs for prospective NFL players, Pro Days are held under the belief that players feel more comfortable at their own campus than they do at the Combine, which in turn leads to better performances.
_	It specifically referred to the principle of "tit-for-tat moral retribution", based upon the belief that one's good and evil deeds will result in corresponding rewards and punishments, typically manifest as the lengthening or shortening of one's life (Sharf 2002: 93-94).
_	Gould proposed that most psychological studies have been heavily biased, by the belief that the human behavior of a race of people is best explained by genetic heredity.
_	A related concept is dystheism ( "bad god"), the belief that a god is not wholly good, and is possibly evil.
_	It's a rare song in that it deals with the "Impostor syndrome," the belief that one's good fortune is undeserved and likely to disappear.
_	Claire flees with the video, leaving Simon to take the rap in the belief that he'll just be shouted at for a while and then released.
_	This is due to the belief that ancestral spirits, including the spirits of shamans, are reincarnated into the same family tree.
_	He later expressed (to the Puma American distributors) the belief that he was unfairly repaid for getting his brother "released for the factory" in 1942 and claimed that his for his own immediate conscription he "had to thank my brother and his [Nazi] party friends …"
_	At one time shaving of the area around the vagina, was common practice due to the belief that hair removal reduced the risk of infection, made an episiotomy (a surgical cut to enlarge the vaginal entrance) easier, and helped with instrumental deliveries.
_	Once there, Akuma, under the belief that Ryu has come to challenge him at last, attempts to goad him into succumbing to the Dark Hadou, but Ryu refuses, and Akuma orders him to leave.
_	Most Reformation and post-Reformation churches use the term "Catholic" (often with a lower-case "c") to refer to the belief that all Christians are part of one Church regardless of denominational divisions; e.g., Chapter XXV of the Westminster Confession of Faith refers to the "catholic or universal Church".
_	Yet it remains confident in the belief that the BBC will maintain it, in spite of the vagaries of fashion, because the Corporation believes that such programmes deserve a place in the schedules of any broadcaster with pretensions of providing a Public Service.
_	Some religious beliefs also lead people to believe that the birth of girls are a result of bad karma, further cementing the belief that girls are not as valuable as boys.
_	Tom makes contact with Anthony's father, Martino, who reveals that he set up his son for Adrienne's death, in the belief that jail would finally allow Anthony to clean up from his addiction.
_	Doubt about the possibility of a mechanistic explanation of thought drove René Descartes, and most other philosophers along with him, to dualism: the belief that the mind is to some degree independent of the brain.
_	Hitan seemed to have the belief that giving too much care and love to his family would cause them to become spoiled;
_	There is a shrine of Mallinath, where people pray with the belief that their wishes will be granted.
_	Detectives, however, held the belief that the perpetrator was a repeat offender and the murder was not a random act.
_	Moreover, it can lead to the belief that one's efforts are not directly linked to the outcomes, thereby depressing one's motivation to succeed.
_	The drums of both churches have an identical decorative molded band, leading to the belief that they were contemporaneous with one another.
_	However little the conduct of the French government in this transaction of the Spanish marriages can be vindicated, it is certain that it originated in the belief that in Palmerston France had a restless and subtle enemy.
_	Public health policy at this time was shaped by the miasma theory (the belief that airborne particles released by decaying flesh were the primary factor in the spread of contagious illness), and the bad smells and risks of disease caused by piled bodies and exhumed rotting corpses caused great public concern.
_	In the mid-1990s, he taught philosophy in Malaysia but came back disillusioned of the belief that a majority Muslim society would really pursue reason in education.
_	Pneumonia was historically divided into "typical" and "atypical" based on the belief that the presentation predicted the underlying cause.
_	The village is also known as Kappiyankadu due to the belief that the ancient Tamil poet Thoulkappiyar , the disciple of Agasthya, was born here on 1 May in the Tamil month of Chitirai on a pournami day in 865 BC.
_	Dogma is the belief that a religion necessarily only ever expresses divine truth.
_	Armed with a photo of Laing (which Rona's mother had kept in the belief that she would one day need to give it to police), Strike returns to London.
_	Nihilism is the belief that all values are baseless and that nothing can be known or communicated.
_	The organisation has "the belief that the poor have a strong desire and innate ability to overcome poverty".
_	For example, when McClintock presented her findings that the genetics of maize did not conform to Mendelian distributions, geneticist Sewall Wright expressed the belief that she did not understand the underlying mathematics of her work, a belief he had expressed towards other women at the time.
_	What they all share in common is the belief that children who are struggling in school can be best helped by interventions that link family and school.
_	In the canonical Theravāda view of kamma, "the belief that deeds done or ideas seized at the moment of death are particularly significant."
_	This statement has been instrumental to the belief that desertification is a great threat to the world and especially Africa.
_	These macabre visions let Sister Jeanne, among other convent nuns, to the belief that they had been possessed by the devil, and thus to eventually confesses her visions to Father Mignon.
_	One interesting detail is that Eugen -at a time when the belief that aliens visited Earth was common - published one book on the subject which he deliberately gave a title and cover art to attract the 'true believers'.
_	Peukert wrote:"From the 1890s...the conviction that social reform was necessary was increasingly outflanked and overtaken by the belief that all social problems could find their rational solution through state intervention and scientific endeavor...
_	("From now on, this shall be the fate of those who betray the country"), and students from several Bucharest high schools were required to visit the site (based on the belief that this was going to dissuade them from affiliating with the Guard).
_	Nerinx Hall is grounded in the belief that educated, empowered and caring young women are vital to today's world and the future.
_	Investigations have focused on a possible link to it being a cofactor in HIV infection as well as fibromyalgia, Gulf War syndrome and Chronic fatigue syndrome, however the belief that "M. fermentans" is pathogenic in such conditions has largely been disregarded after the failure of several large scale studies to find a link.
_	Bobby offered to be a pawn next to Brittnee, with the belief that Godfrey would be a backdoor option.
_	According to the Maimonidean interpretation, idolatry in itself is not a fundamental sin, but the grave sin is the belief that God can be corporeal.
_	In light of this progression, there have been indications that Chinese foreign policy has progressed to incorporate the belief that the international community has a responsibility to intervene in the most extreme circumstances
_	The name was derived either from the belief that the mythological Amazons had penetrated into the Peloponnese region as far as Pyrrhichus, or that they themselves had founded Apollo's temple there.
_	Pope Pius IX declared him to be both the patron and the protector of the Catholic Church, in addition to his patronages of the sick and of a happy death, due to the belief that he died in the presence of Jesus and Mary.
_	Soviet leadership started the deployment of nuclear missiles in the belief that Washington would not detect the Cuban missile sites until it was too late to do anything about them.
_	Some long-term studies have claimed to show that TNR is effective in stopping reproduction and reducing the population over time, but scientific support for the belief that TNR is an effective means of reducing feral cat has been questioned.
_	Reggie clings to the belief that George visits her, but she is starting to lie to cover this up.
_	Thus, chiasmus gains its rhetorical efficacy through symmetrical structure causing the belief that all tenets of an argument have been evaluated.
_	They were motivated by the Dorado and Canela myth, which was the belief that the east was rich in gold and cinnamon, an exotic spices for the Spaniards.
_	Hubbard described the belief that the Christian heaven is “the product of two implants dating back more than 43 trillion years.”
_	At the same time, the Iroquois liked to eat the hearts of brave men out of the belief that one could acquire their courage, so Radisson was warned to be only moderately brave.
_	Erzberger's political attempts at peace failed, but his public attack on the war effort and dissemination of information about the fragility of the German military created a climate in which the government found it increasingly difficult to maintain the belief that the war could be won.
_	USAF pilots and WSOs of the late 1950s, 1960s and early 1970s were not versed in the core values and basics of ACM due to the belief that BVR (Beyond Visual Range) missile engagements and equipment made "close-in" maneuvering in air combat obsolete.
_	Associated with such ideas was the belief that some sort of "vital force" distinguished reactions involving organic as opposed to inorganic materials.
_	In the 1970s, Bill Black's Paragon Publications began publishing its own revival of Phantom Lady in titles such as "Fem Fantastique", on the belief that the character had lapsed into the public domain.
_	This therapy is based on the belief that the performance of certain acts can directly act upon the unconscious mind, releasing it from a series of traumas, some of which practitioners of the therapy believe are passed down from generation to generation.
_	With the beginnings of modern biological taxonomy in the late 17th century, two opposed ideas influenced Western biological thinking: essentialism, the belief that every species has essential characteristics that are unalterable, a concept which had developed from medieval Aristotelian metaphysics, and that fit well with natural theology; and the development of the new anti-Aristotelian approach to modern science: as the Enlightenment progressed, evolutionary cosmology and the mechanical philosophy spread from the physical sciences to natural history.
_	Attempts were made in the past to trap eels, in the belief that they damaged fisheries.
_	Chiropractic education trains people in chiropractic, a form of alternative medicine concerned with the identification and treatment of mechanical disorders of the musculoskeletal system, especially the spine, under the belief that such a disorder affects general health via the nervous system.
_	Like "gabble ratchet" (corpse hound), it may refer to the belief that the souls of unbaptised children were doomed to wander in nightjar form until Judgement Day.
_	If correct, these dates lead to the belief that he was born about 1244.
_	Craig was shot dead by two gunmen from the UDA in "The Castle Inn" (later called "The Bunch of Grapes"), a pub in Beersbridge Road, east Belfast on 15 October 1988, to where he had been lured in the belief that there was to have been a UDA meeting.
_	Similarly, we must forgo the belief that there is a best form of government (as, e.g., democracy).
_	Biological essentialism is the belief that white European races are biologically superior and other non-white races are inherently inferior.
_	In the fall of 1992, Katy Prairie Conservancy was established in the belief that creative cooperation among those with an interest in the prairie including landowners, developers, hunters, environmentalists, and local residents can result in consensus-based land management strategies without painful economic sacrifices or politically forced solutions to save this invaluable resource.
_	Buddhist vegetarianism is the belief that following a vegetarian diet is implied in the Buddha's teaching.
_	The practice of penance and the belief that good works could balance the punishment of sin or lead to salvation were particularly common among the monks living in monasteries.
_	The attack buoyed local Vietnamese morale and gave them the belief that they could fight against French naval forces.
_	The film celebrates the belief that life is love.
_	The Lagos branch did not survive long because of the hostility of fellow Nigerians, members of the NCBWA as well as the colonial administration (because of the belief that Garvey's movement was a subversive one).
_	Carlaw spoke out firmly against the SNP's changes to Council Tax in November 2016, defending his constituency with the belief that the proposed changes would effectively put over 50% of property in East Renfrewshire in the top two council tax bands.
_	Attempt to just hoard more and more in the belief that it brings more happiness can lead to the opposite result if only because the means – that is the pursuit of money for happiness – has unwittingly become the ends.
_	The German Foreign office wanted to support Indian revolutionaries and nationalists, but there is consensus that, ultimately, Hitler held the belief that the British had to rule over the unfit Indian masses.
_	This refers to the belief that this crocodile comes from an ancient lineage that diverged from other species of caimans some 30 million years ago.
_	At a council held the following day, trial by ordeal of bier-right, or by combat, was ordered; and suspicion having fallen on Ramorny's household, each of his servants was required to pass before the corpse, in the belief that the wounds would bleed afresh as the culprit approached.
_	It deals with the belief that 9/11 was an inside job, and asks the question was there prior knowledge about the attack?
_	Rodney Dale, author of "Louis Wain: The Man Who Drew Cats", has criticised the belief that the paintings can be used as an example of Wain's deteriorating mental health, writing: "Wain experimented with patterns and cats, and even quite late in life was still producing conventional cat pictures, perhaps 10 years after his [supposedly] 'later' productions which are patterns rather than cats."
_	It is the belief that individuals tend to ascribe success to their own abilities and efforts, but ascribe failure to external factors.
_	In that century, other cultures influenced Greeks to develop the belief that souls left the sleeping body.
_	This refers to the belief that, although there is ultimately one substance that makes up the world, it appears divided and refracted into "distinct, disparate attributes."
_	While not formally established as an organization until 1974 in the wake of the Yom Kippur War, Gush Emunim sprang out of the conquests of the Six-Day War in 1967, encouraging Jewish settlement of the land based on the belief that, according to the Torah, God gave it to the Jewish people.
_	The "Nihon Shoki" records that in 606, Prince Shōtoku taught the "Śrīmālādevī Siṃhanāda Sūtra" and the "Lotus Sutra", hence the belief that he authored all three.
_	Barro and McCleary's model has been influential in subsequent scholarship and, to some observers, it supports the belief that Christianity has played a major role in South Korea's economic success.
_	Staff at the University expressed concern about the proposed means and impact of the restructuring, citing "the use of the threat of compulsory redundancy to bully and intimidate staff" and the belief that the University was "abdicating its responsibilities to the wider community that funds it".
_	This concern is based on the belief that economic reform will produce new interests that will demand political expression and that demands for the institutionalization of such pluralism eventually will lead to political liberalization.
_	The journalist AJ Langguth noted that many Brazilian nationalists scorned the Alliance as Brazilian foreign aid to America due to the belief that American corporations were withdrawing more money from the country than they were investing.
_	Negative perceptions result in the belief that such children are so troubled it would be impossible to adopt them and create "normal" families.
_	Emmeline imagines she is going to have a girl; gives birth to what she believes to be a girl; her aunt refuses to let her see the child or to tell her its sex in the belief that Emmeline can more easily recover and give up the baby up that way.
_	The present monument... is a place of resort, not only for Jews and Christians, but Mohammedans and Samaritans; all of whom concur in the belief that it stands on the vertiable spot where the patriarch was buried.
_	Many such dissidents were motivated by the belief that it was improper for the church to ban plural marriage, which they saw as an "eternal commandment", while others pointed out that neither the original nor the Second Manifestos were presented as revelations from God, as previous statements of important church doctrine had been.
_	The American Dream is the belief that through hard work and determination, any United States immigrant can achieve a better life, usually in terms of financial prosperity and enhanced personal freedom of choice.
_	According to historians, the rapid economic and industrial expansion of the U.S. is not simply a function of being a resource rich, hard working, and inventive country, but the belief that anybody could get a share of the country's wealth if he or she was willing to work hard.
_	Traditional acupuncture involves the belief that a "life force" ("qi") circulates within the body in lines called meridians.
_	Ishmael explains that the Fall of Adam represents the belief that, once mankind usurps this responsibility - historically decided through natural ecology (i.e. food chains) - that mankind will perish.
_	Conditional election is the belief that God chooses for eternal salvation those whom he foresees will have faith in Christ.
_	The counter-view is known as unconditional election, and is the belief that God chooses whomever he will, based solely on his purposes and apart from an individual's free will.
_	Such rape myths include the belief that women really want to be raped and that they mean yes when they say no.
_	According to APTA, motivators include self-efficacy, the ability to control behavior, and outcome expectation, the belief that consequences follow certain actions.
_	A performance orientation is characterized by the belief that success is the result of superior ability and of surpassing one’s peers.
_	This credits the belief that James' number 13 is a source of his bad luck.
_	Most scholars set the number of Nero impostors to two or three, although St. Augustine wrote of the popularity of the belief that Nero would return in his day, known as the Nero Redivivus legend.
_	Jerome's letter promotes study of each of the books of the Old and New Testaments listed by name ( and excluding any mention of the deuterocanonical books); and its dissemination had the effect of propagating the belief that the whole Vulgate text was Jerome's work.
_	General Baptists are Baptists who hold the "general" or unlimited atonement view, the belief that Jesus Christ died for the entire world and not just for the chosen elect.
_	The story follows a simple man who recruits children to be Nazis in the belief that he is protecting them.
_	Many services are called homegoings or homecomings, instead of funerals, based on the belief that the person is going home to the afterlife; "Returning to god" or the Earth (also see Euphemism as well as Connotation).
_	Hiwi espoused the belief that miraculous acts, described in the Pentateuch, are simply examples of people using their skills of reasoning to undertake, and perform, seemingly miraculous acts.
_	In this work, Hodierna expressed the belief that comets were made of a more terrestrial substance, and considered nebulae to be made up of stars ("Lux Primogenita").
_	Khichari is offered to him with naivedya mantras and a portion of it is kept on the outer wall of his house by the worshipper in the belief that Yaksha will come to eat it.
_	A parody of the belief that many classic rock songs contain backwards-masked Satanic messages.
_	Elizabeth is first embarrassed to be discovered at Pemberley, having only visited on the belief that Darcy was absent; however, she is surprised to discover a marked change in Darcy's manner.
_	He also criticizes what he sees as the dominant social paradigm, what he calls the "expansionist view", and the belief that technology will solve all our problems: “Confusing life expectancy with life-span, the gullible begin to believe that medical science has accomplished a miracle—lengthened human life!”
_	Tests proved that it had not been fired since it was last cleaned which lead to the belief that despite the danger they were in; the six RMP did not fire at or into the crowd.
_	The majority of African American students at Duke were of the belief that discussion could do no more for their complaints.
_	Some of these ideas include the belief that women ought to be mothers and that ideally men should be financially supporting the family.
_	Stone-ground flour is, however, preferred by many bakers and natural food advocates because of its texture, nutty flavour, and the belief that it is nutritionally superior and has a better baking quality than steel-roller-milled flour.
_	In accordance with the belief that "Urim and Thummim" translates to "Light and Truth", the Latin equivalent "Lux et Veritas" has been used for several university mottoes.
_	Finnish telecoms supplier Nokia Siemens Networks is of the belief that the solution also provides the flexibility and cost transparency that prepaid and postpaid subscribers need to take up new services.<ref name="http://www.nokiasiemensnetworks.com">Nokia
_	I am strongly of the belief that if there had been another 'Blond Venus'—my first picture ("sic"), with the acute direction of von Sternberg—I would have been thrown off the screen!
_	The significance of food to this festival correlates with the belief that the ghosts of their ancestors will receive it.
_	He gained from his study of Apocalypse the belief that the Lord would return there in 1533 and received a vision of "resurrections" of apostolic Christianity, first under John Hus, and now under himself.
_	Civic courage is described as a sort of perseverance – "preservation of the belief that has been inculcated by the law through education about what things and sorts of things are to be feared".
_	His title "Mujahid-e-Awwal" (the first holy warrior) is based on the belief that he is the person who fired the first shot in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1947.
_	There is frequent confusion on the meaning of the term "supply-side economics" between the related ideas of the existence of the Laffer Curve and the belief that decreasing tax rates can increase tax revenues.
_	This massive amount of air, rising to the surface, creates a situation, whereby there is loss of buoyancy, in the air bubbles and anyone caught in this will sink, hence the belief that the ship is 'pulling' a floating person down with it.
_	Idelsohn Society is committed to the belief that music creates conversations otherwise impossible in daily life.
_	Shame can be described as the belief that one is bad, horrible, impaired, tainted, dishonorable, worthless, and more.
_	He held fast to the belief that Mary was a perpetual virgin and the Theotokos, the Mother of God.
_	Important to him was the belief that Mary and the saints do live on after death.
_	The policy of university education initiated in the 1960s responded to population pressure and the belief that higher education was a key to social justice and economic productivity for individuals and for society.
_	This organization reconstructed the chimney in the 1930s in the belief that it represented the historic site of Powhatan's residence at his capital.
_	Davidson also held the belief that only small model could provide cost effectiveness to study all boats.
_	Local folklore from the area around the former K'iche' capital of Q'umarkaj preserves the belief that he was buried at the small archaeological site of Atalaya, from Q'umarkaj itself.
_	Broadly it is taken as the belief that Jesus only seemed to be human, and that his human form was an illusion.
_	Christian teachings of the immanence and involvement of God and his love for humanity exclude the belief that God is of the same substance as the created universe but accept that God's divine Nature was hypostatically united to human nature in the person of Jesus Christ, in an event known as the Incarnation.
_	Kabbalah means "received tradition", a term previously used in other Judaic contexts, but which the Medieval Kabbalists adopted for their own doctrine to express the belief that they were not innovating, but merely revealing the ancient hidden esoteric tradition of the Torah.
_	Joe Sherman's 1993 book "In the Rings of Saturn" said that "by its third recall, ninety-five percent of all Vegas manufactured before May 1972 had critical safety flaws", and that the model's "checkered history only reinforced the belief that GM made inferior small cars.
_	Archangelica comes from the Greek word "arkhangelos" (=arch-angel), due to the belief that it was the archangel Michael who told of its use as medicine.
_	He subsequently kills Owen Mercer by throwing him into a pit with his Black Lantern father when he learns that Owen has been feeding people to his father in the belief that consuming flesh will restore him to life, informing Owen that Rogues do not kill women and children.
_	"The Joy" received praise from "Pitchfork", since the site wrote of it that: 'there's no one else that can do soul-sampling hip-hop like Jay and Kanye' and voiced the belief that it's 'a unique throwback'.
_	As an adherer to Scottish common sense realism, Blair's theories are founded in the belief that the principles of rhetoric evolve from the principles of nature.
_	Further, efficacy can be augmented by the belief that one has personal control over his or her job situation, much of which emanates from an understanding and determination of one's role expectations.
_	Although Wüger was of a Calvinist background both he and the more idealistic Lenz moved to the belief that artists should work together in a Catholic community to produce Sacred Art suitable for the devotional and liturgical environment.
_	The court, which bills itself as a "hybrid drug and mental health court", is considered the first of its kind in American law services, and was established in order to provide a civil court which tries cases involving veterans of the United States Armed Forces, based upon the belief that a large proportion of veterans from present and past conflicts have experienced hardships which are unique to their former service in the military.
_	One of her most important contributions to the field of psychology is her theory on role congruity, the belief that prejudice arises when one social groups' stereotype mismatches their valued success in other social roles.
_	This is motivated by the belief that what we think of as "self-expression" is really just an infusion of the art with the social standards that we have been subjected to since birth.
_	It is a channel that was blasted through a rock ridge by gold miners in 1904, in the belief that a horseshoe-shaped meander that the river's flow would bypass by the creation of the channel would be rich in gold (it wasn't).
_	In 1721 and 1723 Luigi Ferdinando Marsigli travelled to Holland and he and Boerhaave stimulated Kruik to keep systematic observations in the belief that climate changes had an effect on public health.
_	She attended the militant - and often dangerous - funerals of activists whenever invited to do so in the belief that her presence could prevent police brutality
_	The FRB also found that Birk's decision to exit his vehicle with his firearm drawn were inconsistent with a routine assessment of a suspicious circumstance; that Birk failed to adequately identify himself as a police officer in his verbal commands to Williams; that there were inconsistencies in Birk's testimony; that whether or not the knife was open was the subject of debate but the FRB based its findings with the belief that Birk was correct in stating that the knife was open when he confronted Williams; that Birk made the decision to move to approximately within 10 feet of Williams and that this close distance is insufficient to establish a justification for the use of deadly force; that based on Williams' posture "Officer Birk's decision to use deadly force was premature", and the unanimous conclusion that Birk's discharge of his firearm was "unjustified and outside of policy, tactics and training".
_	This further supports the belief that Defoe used aspects of a spiritual biography in order to introduce the benefits of individualism to a not entirely convinced ideological community.
_	The theory of manifest destiny went beyond simple land extension and into the belief that European settlers had the right to exploit Native women's bodies as a method of taming and "humanizing" them.
_	Political values held by neo-Confederates vary, but they often revolve around a belief in limited government, states' rights, the right of states to secede, theocracy, and Southern Nationalism, that is, the belief that the people of the South are part of a distinct and unique civilization.
_	An archdeacon in Toledo called Evantius, who was active around 720 and died in 737, wrote a letter to address the existence of judaizing tendencies among the Christians of Zaragoza, specifically the belief that there are unclean forms of meat and the literal interpretation of Deuteronomic law.
_	" [Johnstone] held the belief that his duty lay in keeping a good and hospitable table in the country where he was stationed, and arranging for its notables to engage in golf tournaments with their British equivalents; and if he did that, the negotiation of rather dreary affairs, such as trade pacts, would prove a simple matter for those who understood them better than he did.
_	Gallicanism is the belief that popular civil authority—often represented by the monarchs' authority or the state's authority—over the Catholic Church is comparable to that of the Pope's.
_	The main distinction of the Early Christian community from its Jewish roots was the belief that Jesus was the long-awaited Messiah, as in the Confession of Peter, but that in itself would not have severed the Jewish connection.
_	He's given the chance to go back in time and seeks to prevent the November 1963 assassination, based on the belief that it would prevent Lyndon Johnson from beginning an escalation of the conflict.
_	Braswell and Williams left their Wall Street jobs to create Jopwell on the belief that their exposure to diversity programming opportunities at an early age gave them strong career paths and that other underrepresented ethnic minorities should be given the same opportunity for success.
_	In 1985, Irving Kirsch hypothesized that placebo effects are produced by the self-fulfilling effects of response expectancies, in which the belief that one will feel different leads a person to actually feel different.
_	According to this theory, the belief that one has received an active treatment can produce the subjective changes thought to be produced by the real treatment.
_	These words now leave the reader with the belief that Mrs. Mallard was unhappy with her marriage and as Mavis Chia-Chieh states that "The text indicates that Louise's life is extremely restricted because of her domestic confinement and also suggests that she must have been secretly yearning for a life of her own."
_	Paracelsus advanced the belief that tuberculosis was caused by a failure of an internal organ to accomplish its alchemical duties.
_	McKenna also expressed admiration for the works of writers including Aldous Huxley, James Joyce, whose book "Finnegans Wake" he called "the quintessential work of art, or at least work of literature of the 20th century," science fiction writer Philip K. Dick, who he described as an "incredible genius," fabulist Jorge Luis Borges, with whom McKenna shared the belief that "scattered through the ordinary world there are books and artifacts and perhaps people who are like doorways into impossible realms, of impossible and contradictory truth" and Vladimir Nabokov; McKenna once said that he would have become a Nabokov lecturer if he had never encountered psychedelics.
_	In Guizhou, the Xiasi Dog is respected by people due to the belief that the dog brings wealth to family.
_	As ethanol production from corn has continued at the same levels, some have argued this trend shows the belief that the increased demand for corn to produce ethanol was mistaken.
_	For example, Remi is sent to England by her parents to further her education in the belief that the opportunity to study abroad is a way better oneself.
_	Similarly, the belief that pepper was widely used as a preservative is questionable; it is true that piperine, the compound that gives pepper its spiciness, has some antimicrobial properties, but at the concentrations present when pepper is used as a spice, the effect is small.
_	The program consists of a course of doses of vitamins (niacin in particular), long periods in a sauna, exercise, and consumption of a blend of vegetable oils, in the belief that the subject will sweat out the toxins and replace the oils in the body's fatty tissues with the vegetable oil.
_	In this episode, Barney had blonde hair which was the same color as his skin, but that was later dropped because of the belief that only the Simpson family should have such hair.
_	Despite the obvious similarities to more modern ideas of inertia, Buridan saw his theory as only a modification to Aristotle's basic philosophy, maintaining many other peripatetic views, including the belief that there was still a fundamental difference between an object in motion and an object at rest.
_	In lectures and interviews, he has expressed the belief that it is a journalist's duty to record events with as little disruption or interference in those events as possible, even in circumstances where there is danger to the subject.
_	The ability of this system to readily respond to cellular cues and undergo structural re-organisation has led to the belief that this system regulates specific structural changes within different cellular regions.
_	Scientists have found that family members often share the same general fingerprint patterns, leading to the belief that these patterns are inherited.
_	Development plans for Nigeria, such as the Third Development Plan (1975–1980), have focused on the belief that the best way to achieve an increase in productivity is through new and usually imported technology combined with the teaching of farmers to become commercial businessmen.
_	The American Spirit is of the belief that the urn's destruction has released the imprisoned mystery men who are likely to reappear randomly around the globe.
_	One of the movement's core ideas was the belief that changing the world starts with seeking change in oneself.
_	Their idea of bonding with Lisa includes tutoring her in the belief that men are pigs, using Homer as the prime example, which disgusts her as he is her father and despite his not paying attention to her, Lisa knows Homer loves her.
_	Some Hamas leaders hid in the basements of the Shifa Hospital complex in Gaza City in the belief that they would be protected by human shields.
_	Natural law (the belief that the moral law is determined by nature) and intuitionism (the belief that humans have intuitive awareness of objective moral truths) were, according to Pojman, also influential for Kant.
_	Through time it often came to be said that name gypsywort comes from the belief that Romani people would stain their skin with the juice of the plant, although Howard (1987) states that they used it to dye their linen.
_	The third is rational-legal authority, whereby legitimacy is derived from the belief that a certain group has been placed in power in a legal manner, and that their actions are justifiable according to a specific code of written laws.
_	The OBGC's initial activism stemmed from the belief that mature trees of all species, on public and private land, need better stewardship from the community.
_	After being surrounded in an illusion of flying with his late-wife for several moments, Stewart emerges with the belief that he would be able to see Katma again.
_	The term "disaster myth" has been created to describe the belief that people will behave in an irrational, uncontrolled, and even extreme manner outside of normal and accepted social standards despite evidence that proponents state prove otherwise.
_	The idea of activity management comes from the belief that in personal and group organization of workers, every action is related to higher levels of information, therefore proper labeling of the task is a critical element of the recording process.
_	He also addressed the issue of African Americans and the belief that in order to gain a substantial amount of power, Blacks need to produce more offspring.
_	Therefore, phonemic is equivalent to phonetic , but underlying the analysis is the belief that historical sounds, such as the "gh" in "night", may remain in a word long after they have ceased to be pronounced or that a phoneme may exist in a language without ever being directly expressed.
_	The Conflict Lens is founded on the belief that the concept of style is limited in that it does not inform a person what behaviors would be most valuable in successfully resolving conflict and that conflict resolution is based more on situational context than on dominant style (Callanan, Benzing, and Perri, 2006).
_	Niyazov ordered the closure of all libraries outside the capital of Ashgabat in the belief that all Turkmen are illiterate.
_	In some cultures, people may utter "Masha Allah" in the belief that it may help protect them from jealousy, the evil eye or a jinn.
_	It is the belief that God decreed Christ's atonement, prior to his decree of election, for all alike if they believe, but he then elected those whom he will bring to faith in Christ, seeing that none would believe on their own, and thereby preserving the Calvinist doctrine of unconditional election.
_	The scandal was used by the German right to foster the belief that wealthy Jewish families, in quasi-criminal operations found fertile ground in the Republic and easily exploited the Social Democrats to do their bidding.
_	The Latter Day Saint concept of revelation includes the belief that revelation from God is available to all those who earnestly seek it with the intent of doing good.
_	Later in the 20th century it became popular with New Age followers who believed the "upside down mountain" had mystical powers, spreading to the belief that the village would be spared in the 2012 apocalypse.
_	The Conservation Commons is the expression of a cooperative effort of non-governmental organizations, international and multi-lateral organizations, governments, academia, and the private sector, to improve open access to and unrestricted use of, data, information and knowledge related to the conservation of biodiversity, with the belief that this will contribute to improving conservation outcomes.
_	In a study of health issues that was read by his uncle Joseph Hume to the Statistical Society of London, he dismissed the belief that humans adjusted to new climates and suggested that different races had varying tolerances to climate and disease.
_	This may have led to the belief that the whole book was written in a very short time (see Legend), but scientists are starting to investigate the theory that it took over 20 years to complete.
_	Allegations of vampire attacks swept through Malawi during late 2002 and early 2003, with mobs stoning one person to death and attacking at least four others, including Governor Eric Chiwaya, based on the belief that the government was colluding with vampires.
_	In the West, second-wave feminism prompted a general reevaluation of women's historical contributions, and various academic sub-disciplines, such as Women's history (or herstory) and women's writing (including in English) (a list is available), developed in response to the belief that women's lives and contributions have been underrepresented as areas of scholarly interest.
_	Descriptivism is the belief that description is more significant or important to teach, study, and practice than prescription.
_	In the sixth book of the Hindu epic Mahābhārata, the "Bhishma Parva" (where the "Bhagavad Gita" is part of), Krishna offers numerous quotations that reaffirm the belief that he himself is the "Svayam Bhagavan".
_	In the belief that she was dead, they left her there lying on the pavement.
_	While they differ in many particulars, these new perspectives on early Ottoman history share in the belief that early Ottoman expansion was not primarily fueled by an ideology of Islamic holy war.
_	The college's master architectural plan was created by architect Edward Larrabee Barnes and reflected the belief that "modern architecture might be able to reshape the world."
_	Fatma Aliye published her first novel "Muhazarat" ("Useful Information") in 1892 under her real name, in which she tried to disprove the belief that a woman can not forget her first love.
_	There is the belief that if the placenta is buried deep enough the spirit can not find it.
_	The President has been firm in the belief that no one is above the law.
_	This probably relates to the belief that Colum Cille (Saint Columba) had created the book, and its date and authenticity is unclear.
_	This opportunity was available to the Communists because although Nationalist representatives were not invited to Yalta, they had been consulted and had agreed to the Soviet invasion of Manchuria in the belief that the Soviet Union would cooperate only with the Nationalist government after the war.
_	While Rosse is the first recorded Grand Master of Ireland, the belief that he was Grand Master in 1723 and again in 1730 is from newspaper accounts of the day.
_	More often than not, the reasoning behind the nonviolence was religion, and the belief that everyone should be treated with love.
_	Almighty's policy of not identifying its singers' birth names is down to the belief that faces and names aren't important and that the music speaks for itself.
_	After Scott's retirement, the ring was passed to Kyle Rayner, who uses it with the belief that it is vulnerable to yellow, until Hal Jordan—here the President of the United States, previously approached to become the new Green Lantern before he decided to go into politics—dons the ring to fight off Sinestro, correctly deducing that it has no true vulnerabilities, with the Guardians explaining the truth to the heroes.
_	Kyle had detailed knowledge of restaurant management and food preparation equipment, leading to the belief that he may have once worked in these industries.
_	In particular, he would identify tensions and contradictions between Christian universalism, and the belief that any individual could earn respect and equality as long as they were pious, and the arbitrary demonstrations of white supremacy that he routinely witnessed and experienced.
_	Epicureanism also resembles Buddhism in its temperateness, including the belief that great excess leads to great dissatisfaction.
_	It was built over an area that once held the house of Scipio Africanus and a variety of shops, leading the belief that the land once owned by Scipio was inherited by Tiberius in 184 BC upon Scipio's death, as Tiberius was married to his daughter, Cornelia Africana.
_	In the Bay of Islands, there existed a vague but widely diffused belief that the Treaty of Waitangi was merely a ruse of the Pākehā, and the belief that it was the intention of the Europeans, so soon as they became strong enough, to seize all Māori lands.
_	One reason for the interest in quantum spin ice is the belief that these systems may harbor a "quantum spin liquid", a state of matter where magnetic moments continue to wiggle (fluctuate) down to absolute zero temperature.
_	According to WHO, the term misuse is preferred by some in the belief that it is less judgmental.
_	Cast by J W Singer & Sons in the English town of Frome, to a design by Henry Poole RA, these lions had quickly become part of the Shanghai scene, and passers-by would affectionately stroke the lions in the belief that power and money would rub off on them.
_	Also crucial is the belief that dreams show ideas, beliefs, and feelings that individuals are not readily aware of but need to be, and that such material is expressed in a personalized vocabulary of visual metaphors.
_	This caused the Dutch government to ban the use of NewVote computer voting machines manufactured by SDU in the 2006 national elections, under the belief that ballot information might not be kept secret.
_	At its core, Russian nihilism was characterized by the belief that the world lacks comprehensible meaning, objective truth, or value.
_	Rejecting some of the less intellectually honest arguments that other Bork opponents were making, Biden framed his discussion around the belief that the U.S. Constitution provides rights to liberty and privacy that extend beyond those explicitly enumerated in the text, and that Bork's strong originalism was ideologically incompatible with that view.
_	Founded in 1961, in the belief that the Macmillan ministry had taken the party too far to the left, the club became embroiled in the decolonisation and immigration debate, inevitably highlighting the controversial issue of race, which has dominated its image ever since.
_	Before the influence of Islam and Christianity in their ways of beliefs, all Jolas placed great respect in the proper observation of funeral ceremony, and still today some do, for they are of the belief that it enables the dead person’s soul to go to its final destination to join his or her ancestors.
_	Sweets' relationship with his adoptive parents, however, left him with the belief that broken people can be saved by people with good hearts, inspiring him to become a psychologist.
_	Such acts are considered illicit mortal sins, with the belief that all licit sexual acts must be open to procreation.
_	In this case, Virginia's poll tax could be deemed rational because of the state's desire to collect revenue and the belief that people who pay to vote might have more interest in the state's policies.
_	Porch highlights Rommel's "offensive mentality", symptomatic of the Wehrmacht commanders as a whole in the belief that the tactical and operational victories would lead to strategic success.
_	Miller himself spoke of his dislike for "canonical performances," stating "I think there is a conspiracy in the theatre to perpetuate certain prototypes in the belief that they contain the secret truth of the characters in question.
_	His speeches frequently expressed the belief that a premier should "rise above party".
_	She follows her brother in the belief that no one could defeat him.
_	He may have been acting in the belief that the matter needed to be resolved quickly after learning from Haig that afternoon that all the officers of Aldershot Command would resign if Gough was punished.
_	His work explores a concept that he terms ‘the Horriful’, the belief that everything one does has the potential to bring both beauty and horror.
_	Scholarly opinion has shifted, however, to the belief that this chronicle was originally written in Coptic.
_	The fact that only women attend this bath, is due to the belief that older men would automatically rejuvenate in dealing with young women.
_	Distinctive features include a Christology characterized by the belief that the Holy Spirit is Jesus' Divine Mother and a first resurrection appearance to James, the brother of Jesus, showing a high regard for James as the leader of the Jewish Christian church in Jerusalem.
_	Thomas Beckett is also the name of the brother of Sam Beckett in the show "Quantum Leap", leading to the belief that she may in fact be Sam's niece.
_	Many of those surveyed expressed the belief that women should limit themselves to the traditional roles of mother and wife.
_	These sentiments were coupled with the belief that these acts were orchestrated by other ethnic groups (such as Jews, Tatars, Roma people, and Poles) as well as the prevailing notions of anti-Semitism.
_	Of it, Edgarton said it, "almost cheated her into the belief that the plot was real, which is a proof of no ordinary skill."
_	In the nearby town of Santa Mira, Dr. Miles Bennell sees a number of patients apparently suffering from Capgras delusion – the belief that their relatives have somehow been replaced with identical-looking impostors.
_	The 'Vazhipadu'(Offering) 'Aalthadi' is offered by the devotees in the belief that their physical ailments will be removed.
_	Arguments in favor of caucuses include the belief that they favor more motivated participants than simple ballots and that supporters of non-viable candidates are able to realign with a more popular candidate and still make their vote count.
_	The society he found there failed to live up to his idealistic expectations, but he explained such elements away as deviations from God's plan for Cameroonians and the belief that God would punish those French people whom he found cruel or exploitative.
_	In certain states medical marijuana legislation has been drafted calling for a health care professional's written or oral "recommendation", in the belief that a written one would be legally distinguishable from a prescription, but since written advice to a patient is what a prescription is, that belief is mistaken.
_	Results indicate that patients, with a previously sound religious life, experienced a 19% to 28% greater mortality due to the belief that God was supposedly punishing them or abandoning them.
_	Beck controls the Silvermane robot himself and plants seeds of rebellion in Hammerhead, who had left the Maggia under the belief that Silvermane was deceased.
_	Due to the importance we place on the belief that men need to act like men and women need to behave like women, it is often believed that gender is an innate attribute and not a social construct.
_	Jonathan Aitken in his 2013 book, "Margaret Thatcher: Power and Personality" dismisses the belief that Mark Thatcher was pivotal to the deal.
_	Indeed, one reason for "blood and soil" was the belief that landowner and peasant lived in an organic harmony.
_	The driving force behind the project was Michio Tomita (, 1952–2013), who was motivated by the belief that people with a common interest should cooperate with each other.
_	Accordingly, this would explain the belief that the mosque's construction took place during the reign of both caliphs.
_	The term Theatre of the Absurd is applied to plays written by primarily European playwrights, that express the belief that human existence has no meaning or purpose and therefore all communication breaks down.
_	It's a slow-tempo minimalistic piece in which, according to James E. Perone, "Bowie's character also lives in denial: in spite of the shards of glass that he finds near his windows, the solitary life he lives, and 'all the pages that have turned,' he expresses the belief that he is not 'the loneliest guy' in the world, but, rather, 'the luckiest guy'."
_	His opposition to regarding Mary as a mediatrix of intercession or redemption was part of his greater and more extensive opposition to the belief that the merits of the saints could be added to those of Jesus Christ to save humanity.
_	He took his seat again in that assembly when the army recalled it to power (May 1659), and when John Lambert expelled it (October 1659) prepared to restore its authority by arms, he secretly raised men, and concerted with Francis Hacker and others to assist George Monck and Arthur Hesilrige against Lambert and his party, In his place in parliament he opposed the intended oath abjuring the Stuarts, voted for the re-admission of the secluded members, and followed the lead of Monck and Cooper, in the belief that they were in favour of a Commonwealth.
_	The Residency was founded on the belief that an informed, educated and engaged citizenry is essential to the functioning of democratic society.
_	The place is steeped in ancient legend and the temple is frequented by a very large number of devotees on account of the belief that separated married couples could be united and marriages of desired people could be fixed easily if the Ganesha image installed in the temple is worshipped with devotion.
_	Throughout his career, he was steadfast in the belief that the study of social structure, despite a period of scholarly disinterest, was central to the anthropological enterprise, and he was even more resolute that the subject itself be critically reexamined.
_	One of the views characterizing the faction was the belief that in the nations of established democratic rule-Western/Central Europe and the US-the parliament was no longer the site where important political and economic decisions were taken, an axiom drawn from the classical texts of Marxism.
_	In religion, infallibilism is the belief that certain texts or persons are incapable of being in the wrong.
_	A considerable portion of transhumanists and singularitarians place great hope into the belief that they may become immortal by the year 2045, by creating one or many non-biological functional copies of their brains, thereby leaving their "biological shell".
_	The fungus is associated with Judas Iscariot because of the belief that he hanged himself on an elder tree after his betrayal of Jesus Christ.
_	The organization, which encompasses exact and natural sciences as well as the social sciences and humanities, is founded on the belief that education, based on the truth of scientific knowledge, is the only means, in the short and long term, of achieving the development of the Mexican spirit and national sovereignty.
_	In Old English, elves are most often mentioned in medical texts which attest to the belief that elves might afflict humans and livestock with illnesses: apparently mostly sharp, internal pains and mental disorders.
_	It was probably at some point during Oswald's reign that Penda fought with the East Angles and defeated them, killing their king Egric and the former king Sigebert, who had been brought out of retirement in a monastery against his will in the belief that his presence would motivate the soldiers.
_	The Angels liked to hide the cash from their criminal activities at Muselle's house out of the belief that neither rival criminals nor the police would search the home of an elderly, frail and rarely seen man.
_	Growing out of Pharisaic Judaism, Rabbinic Judaism is based on the belief that at Mount Sinai, Moses received from God the Written Torah (Pentateuch) in addition to an oral explanation, known as the "Oral Torah," that Moses transmitted to the people.
_	These ideas led to the belief that the United States ought to militarily resolve the situation, reinforced by the second motivating factor of industrial interests in Mexico.
_	Moreover, the researchers found that witnesses produced fewer confabulations when sketch was used which led to the belief that the witness’s used their own cues to help them remember rather than relying on the interviewer to direct them towards relevant cues.
_	The purpose of the role reflects the belief that "competition is the cornerstone of [the federal] acquisition system and is a critical tool for achieving the best return on investment possible for our taxpayers".
_	Despite a U.S. ban on the export of helium under the Helium Control Act of 1927, the Germans designed the airship to use the far safer gas in the belief that they could convince the US government to license its export.
_	She also held the belief that Oliver North should have been court-martialed.
_	According to intelligence reports they received, dissatisfaction within the Soviet Air Force, even to the extent of some desertions by disgruntled pilots, led to the belief that possible future defections by some pilots was promising.
_	Examples include a greater male tendencies toward violence, or the belief that female brain is hardwired for empathy.
_	In Madeline Miller's "The Song of Achilles", Iphigenia comes to Aulis under the belief that she is to marry Achilles.
_	However, many early Church Fathers have attested to the belief that at the Last Supper, Christ made the promise to be present in the Sacrament of the Eucharist, with attestations dating back to the first century AD.
_	Ge noted that contrary to the belief that the movie is supported by "nostalgia" of Taiwanese audience, he saw that many people are unfamiliar with this history, and wish to "catch up",
_	Most historians still incline to the belief that Luffa began the cathedral construction, however.
_	The location was chosen in the belief that it would ensure the freest flow of water through the sound, a key element in the debate about whether or not the bridge should be constructed.
_	Inclusivism is the belief that God is present in non-Christian religions to save adherents through Christ.
_	He argued that there was no point in Labour compromising on its socialist principles in the belief that this would achieve electoral success.
_	Gore concluded by with the belief that while "Hack Attack" is a 'great read' its outlook 'sometimes feels a little too black and white: you are either with us or against us.
_	This gave rise to the belief that sharks, as well as being difficult to capture and transport, were difficult to care for.
_	The philosophy that had prevailed in Washington since 1921, that the object of government was to provide prosperity for those who lived and worked at the top of the economic pyramid, in the belief that prosperity would trickle down to the bottom of the heap and benefit all.
_	The Act also prevents the use of reserved items such as badges, seals, devices, emblems or a flag for the use of the State or an apparatus of the State in a manner that leads or is likely to lead to the belief that that person is authorised to use such reserved items without lawful authority.
_	Bush has called for increased military spending, expressing the belief that 2.5% of GDP is an insufficient amount.
_	In the midst of the rumors, a petition has been set up in the government's website to shut down Dispatch due to the belief that the company was releasing fabricated articles in attempts to entertain people without any regards to the validity of the news as well as how the news would affect the person or people involved.
_	Others have also suggested that the reason for the split was due to the belief that Tinelli practiced magic.
_	This was the only way to end a marriage in an era when divorce was not condoned due to the belief that divorce would ruin a man's honor.
_	Like most of the clergy in Massachusetts, Wilson taught preparationism, the belief that human actions were "a means of preparation for God’s grant of saving grace and ... evidence of sanctification."
_	In late September 1868 two local boys, Jimmy Quin and Paddy Flanagan, were digging potatoes at the southwest edge of the fort — farmers often avoided forts, believing them to be abodes of the Aos Sí (fairies), but they may have chosen the site in the belief that it would protect against potato blight.
_	Established in 1987, the Alston/Bannerman Fellowship Program was founded on the belief that the most effective approach to achieving progressive social change is by organizing low-income people at the grassroots level.
_	Nationalists, in the belief that independent self-government had finally been granted, celebrated the news with bonfires alighting the hill-tops across the south of Ireland.
_	Ernest R. House, co-author of the 1978 critique of the "Follow Through" evaluation, penned an article about what he calls the "fact-value dichotomy" in social experimentation and educational research: "the belief that facts refer to one thing and values refer to something totally different".
_	The airstrike was carried out in the belief that Italian mechanized troops were stationed in the village.
_	The policy of university education initiated in the 1960s responded to population pressure and the belief that higher education was a key to social justice and economic productivity for individuals and for society.
_	A proposal to mine fluorine-containing minerals as a source of CFCs and PFCs is supported by the belief that because these minerals are expected to be at least as common on Mars as on Earth, this process could sustain the production of sufficient quantities of optimal greenhouse compounds (CFSCF, CFOCFOCF, CFSCFSCF, CFOCFNFCF, CFN) to maintain Mars at 'comfortable' temperatures, as a method of maintaining an Earth-like atmosphere produced previously by some other means.
_	Several Biblical stories allude to the belief that the Canaanite gods all existed and were thought to possess the most power in the lands by the people who worshiped them and their sacred objects; their power was believed to be real and could be invoked by the people who patronized them.
_	He said, "My faith gives me the belief that I can go out and perform and improve as a player.
_	Some of Gregory's theological writings suggest that, like his friend Gregory of Nyssa, he may have supported some form of the doctrine of apocatastasis, the belief that God will bring all of creation into harmony with the Kingdom of Heaven.
_	In those cultures, an intact hymen is highly valued at marriage in the belief that this is a proof of virginity.
_	Hence, orthodox Catholic theology presents the belief that our suffering can be united to that of Christ and so in union with His Passion:
_	They hold the belief that everything in life has a determinate nature, but man's privilege is to be able to "choose" his own path.
_	The Church refuses to invest in any company producing pornography, stating that, "Human dignity is based on the belief that women and men are created in God's image.
_	Democratic Collective Centralism also holds the belief that when electing an individual you must vote for who you believe is the best for the state rather than who's best for you.
_	The Court believed that similar policy considerations prompted Congress in 1995 to pass the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, on the belief that, as a House Report asserted, the class action device was being used to injure "the entire U. S. economy" by filing mere nuisance lawsuits, targeting deep-pocket defendants, making burdensome discovery requests, and through "manipulation by class action lawyers of the clients whom they purport to represent."
_	Proponents hold the belief that certain "charismata" (a Greek word for "gifts") are still bestowed by the Holy Spirit today as they were in Early Christianity as described in the Bible.
_	The name "Polyzosternites" was coined by German paleontologist Friedrich Goldenberg to replace "Adelophthalmus" in the belief that the original type specimen of "Adelophthalmus" represented the fossil remains of a cockroach.
_	The reasoning behind this "gedoogbeleid" (policy of tolerance) was harm reduction, and the belief that the enforcement of the anti-prostitution laws would be counterproductive, and that the best way to protect the women was to tolerate prostitution.
_	This type of opposition is often described as NIMBYism, but research carried out in 2009 found that there is little evidence to support the belief that residents only object to renewable power facilities such as wind turbines as a result of a "Not in my Back Yard" attitude.
_	They have taken on the belief that they descend from the lost tribe of Manasseh, based on certain traditions that are similar to those of Judaism.
_	The fear of death in the myth relies on the capability of the dead to cause harm to the living and the belief that the dead have hostile intentions.
_	A full-time purchasing manager maintains a comprehensive selection of both mainstream and rare music, much of it in the folk and bluegrass genres; this is due to the belief that customers will become more interested in the music after making an audio purchase and then in turn buy a musical instrument.
_	The new money options reflected the belief that those creditors who chose not to exit would experience a capital gain from the transaction, since the nominal outstanding debt obligation of the debtor would be reduced, and with it, the probability of future default.
_	He was guided by the belief that developing a work ethic was imperative for acculturation.
_	Other criticism stems from the belief that Congress has no purpose regulating the boxing industry, especially if it does not regulate any other sport.
_	Feyerabend argued that modern science suffers from being methodologically monistic (the belief that only a single methodology can produce scientific progress).
_	The soundness of this definition amounts to the belief that a published proof can, in principle, be converted into a formal proof.
_	Meanwhile, Jerry begs Elaine to give him another shot at giving her an orgasm, which she rebuffs in the belief that sex will ruin their friendship.
_	Despite her worry for her son, she is determined to continue with her life, holding on to the belief that she and her son will one day be reunited.
_	A common misinterpretation of paradigms is the belief that the discovery of paradigm shifts and the dynamic nature of science (with its many opportunities for subjective judgments by scientists) are a case for relativism: the view that all kinds of belief systems are equal.
_	Despite the extensive manhunt, no further developments would arise and the investigation into the three murders gradually became cold, with many individuals assigned to the case opining the belief that the perpetrator had either died, been jailed for an unrelated offense, had been incarcerated at a mental hospital, or that senior police officers had known his actual identity, but had been unable to prove he had committed the murders.
_	Despite the obvious similarities to more modern ideas of inertia, Buridan saw his theory as only a modification to Aristotle's basic philosophy, maintaining many other peripatetic views, including the belief that there was still a fundamental difference between an object in motion and an object at rest.
_	Rodway sums up Heimler's philosophy as: "the belief that man has choices, that choices should be made available to man and that freedom is equated with self-determination as man makes his choices".
_	Dr. Pillai set about building an inclusive system of education, founded with the belief that knowledge was a privilege all deserve.
_	Some Kabbalistic thinkers have held the belief that all of existence is itself a part of God, and that we as humanity are unaware of our own inherent godliness and are grappling to come to terms with it.
_	These methods are based on the belief that a deaf child can learn to listen and speak and that families do not need to learn sign language or cued speech.
_	Also notable is that in his translation of Genesis Ælfric did not just translate it word for word from the Latin, which was common due to the belief that the word order of sacred Scripture was itself sacred.
_	They include delusions of being controlled by an external force, the belief that thoughts are being inserted into or withdrawn from one's conscious mind, the belief that one's thoughts are being broadcast to other people, and hearing hallucinatory voices that comment on one's thoughts or actions or that have a conversation with other hallucinated voices.
_	Similar errors were made for the Percy barony when the 7th Duke of Somerset was summoned to Parliament erroneously in 1722 as Baron Percy (in the belief that the 1299 barony had descended to his mother), and the Strange barony created in 1628 for the 7th Earl of Derby by error.
_	Another example is the barony of Clifford created by the writ of summons to Henry Clifford in 1628: this was intended as a writ of acceleration in the belief that the barony of Clifford created in 1299 was held by Clifford's father Francis Clifford, 4th Earl of Cumberland.
_	Inscriptions on these buildings support the belief that they were constructed by Darius.
_	Spinsters and childless or unhappy wives climbed up and sat on the barrel or crawled under it, and mothers even made ill-behaved and troublesome children pass under it in the belief that doing so would cure their naughtiness.
_	Such remarkable variation seems to lend credence to the belief that Kumlien's gull is in fact a hybrid swarm.
_	CKCK cut back on its promotional arm in the belief that its ratings could not fall.
_	These and other pre-Reformation rhyming psalters demonstrate the popular use of the vernacular Scripture in England, contradicting the belief that the singing of psalms in English began only with the Reformation.
_	On the other hand, there were people who advocated a more conservationist approach in the belief that the present value criterion resulted in too rapid use of the resource and too little consideration of the needs of future generations.
_	It then leads to the belief that tours are no longer authentic experiences.
_	The Daddies, who were in preparation over recording a new studio album, ardently protested Mojo's decision under the belief that a swing song would never receive airplay on mainstream radio and the band would likely have to recoup the costs of its marketing.
_	A majority followed Redmond into the National Volunteers in the belief that this would ensure Home Rule on their return.
_	Another was the belief that Salisbury had behaved unethically.
_	Because of their historical connections with Unitarianism, they are known particularly for allowing dissent from Trinitarian doctrine (the belief that God exists as a Trinity).
_	However these unfavourable conditions had a beneficial side effect - the enemy relaxed their guard in the belief that a landing in such conditions was not likely and initial resistance proved less than expected.
_	Persecution of Christians by the Burmese authorities has continued to this day, fuelled by the belief that Western imperialists have sought to divide the country not only on ethnic but on religious grounds.
_	Feminist theorist Elizabeth Grosz states in her 1995 publication, "Space, Time and Perversion: Essays on the Politics of Bodies", that essentialism "entails the belief that those characteristics defined as women's essence are shared in common by all women at all times.
_	Numerous Black Power advocates were in favor of black self determination due to the belief that black people must lead and run their own organizations.
_	The Paideia philosophy is based upon the belief that all students can be successful in a rigorous college preparatory curriculum.
_	Other popular jokes revolve around the belief that the Chinese are capable of amazing feats by primitive means, such as the Great Leap Forward.
_	Ronald D. Asmus noted that "Gorbachev's vision of a Common European Home was predicated on the belief that reform in Eastern Europe could be controlled and that reformist communist parties would continue to play an important role in their countries' politics, including in the G.D.R."
_	It centered on the belief that the patriots' daughters should be raised to uphold the ideals of republicanism, in order to pass on republican values to the next generation.
_	These characterizations stemmed from the fact that the lead actresses frequently dressed scantily or provocatively as part of their undercover characters (including roller derby girl, beauty pageant contestant, maid, female prisoner, or just bikini-clad), and the belief that their clothing was a means of attracting viewers.
_	This inclusion leads to the belief that at one time "virtus" extended to cover a wide range of meanings that covered one general ethical ideal.
_	More broadly, he argued that Peace Studies are dominated by the belief that "America ... is the wellspring of the world’s problems" and that while Professors of Peace Studies argue "that terrorist positions deserve respect at the negotiating table," they "seldom tolerate alternative views" and that "(p)eace studies, as a rule, rejects questioning of its own guiding ideology."
_	The church reflects the belief that small "connect groups" are essential for the fellowship spirit within the church, especially as it gets larger.
_	The second-line units immediately assumed that the third-line would take over their duties, in the belief that second-line divisions would be deployed overseas.
_	Declinism is the belief that a society or institution is tending towards decline.
_	He did make it clear that the issue was not personal to the appointed fellow vice-principal, stating "I am firmly of the belief that had this information about this personal conflict been made available at the appropriate time an alternative appointment process would have been instigated, one with more than a single, hand-picked candidate, selected by you.
_	Taylor claimed that "pink" Communists would support the Wallace-Taylor ticket because they believed in a "peaceful revolution" to turn the government to left-wing beliefs, but "red" Communists would support the Republican ticket in the belief that they would cause another Great Depression, which would give Communists the chance to take over the government.
_	Other critics have speculated that Dylan's reason for insisting his co-writing credit be removed was the belief that his name was being exploited to boost the film's street credibility.
_	Take for example the belief that two minus one is one.
_	Count d'Arco watched Cadogan's preparations and, falling for the deception, left the supervision of the still incomplete defences to lunch with the French commander of Donauwörth, Colonel DuBordet, safe in the belief that he had the rest of the day and night to finish the defences.
_	However, despite its speed and manoeuvrability, the Hampden proved to be no match for "Luftwaffe" fighters; in December 1939, Bomber Command is claimed to have discarded the belief that aircraft such as the Hampden could realistically operate by day and instead chose to predominantly deploy them under the cover of darkness during nighttime operations.
_	The initiator of the Montreal movement for a children’s library was Elizabeth Murray, who came from a family with a long tradition of public service and the belief that every child should have the same opportunity to grow up with books that she herself had enjoyed.
_	People write their wishes on postcards and put them in the mailbox with the belief that doing this will make their wishes come true.
_	The minor character Mattumbo is stopped from raping a baby based on the belief that sex with a virgin will cure his AIDS.
_	Li Jilin decided that the way to end the rumors was to go Luoyang to personally meet with Emperor Zhuangzong, and he went to Luoyang in spring 926, despite his close associates' attempts to persuade him not to, under the belief that his going to Luoyang might allow him not only to save himself but also Guo.
_	On 15 March 2018, Seehoher stated that he disagreed with the belief that the Islamic faith is part of German culture.
_	Janet Paraskeva, then The Law Society's chief executive, commented: "Ironically, it seems that those who most decry the possibility of a compensation culture are probably responsible for perpetuating the belief that there is one – resulting in more and more of the bizarre decisions by schools and local authorities that journalists are so quick to mock."
_	"Guided by the belief that American Indians should be assimilated into mainstream society", Congress put into effect this law which would give the federal government the power to place American Indian children in boarding schools, "by force" if necessary.
_	The general thesis which binds the essays together is that the world is suffering from intolerance and bigotry, and from the belief that vigorous action is admirable even when misguided; whereas what is needed in our very complex modern society is calm consideration, with readiness to call dogmas in question and freedom of mind to do justice to the most diverse points of view.
_	The campaign was begun in the belief that the cross is a reminder of Jesus' pain and has been a source of division between people of different faiths.
_	Destitute or orphaned children were sent as wards of the state to learn a trade in the belief that this may then provide them with the skills necessary (once they were old enough), to provide and care for themselves.
_	He advocated the belief that players should control their own destiny and used his position as Chairman of the PFA to further players' rights.
_	There has been speculation that the "Promise of Tlaxcalla" may have played a part in the Cristero Rebellion, due in part to the belief that the catholic rebels were awaiting pontifical approval before crowning an official "Prince of Tlaxcalla" as heir to a "Kingdom of the Aztecs" in fulfillment of the Tlaxcalla Compact.
_	In the 18th century, the Comte de Boulainvilliers, a rural noble, posited the belief that French nobility had descended from the victorious Franks, while non-nobles descended from the conquered Gauls.
_	The difficulty in determining the correct training method, the traditional master-student method of transmission, and the belief that qigong represents a special and valuable knowledge limited the research and development of qigong to small but elite elements within Chinese society.
_	George Berkeley’s theory that matter does not exist comes from the belief that "sensible things are those only which are immediately perceived by sense."
_	The term 'worm theology' is generally used by those who do not accept this perspective, and so is used as a way of expressing the belief that this theology is wrong (or at least exaggerated).
_	Often cited as evidence for an early date is the fact that the dramatic form of "Women of Trachis" is not as developed as those of Sophocles' other surviving works, advancing the belief that the play comes from a younger and less skilled Sophocles.
_	It is based on the belief that science should be a slow, steady, methodical process, and that scientists should not be expected to provide "quick fixes" to society's problems.
_	Due to the belief that people born on this year have a bad personality, birthrates in Japan, where it is known as "Hinoe Uma", tend to see a sharp decline.
_	Renowned as an excellent manager of his bench, Mauch also had a reputation for provoking opposing teams with taunting, and of having a strong temperament that stressed himself and his teams excessively in the belief that he could win by sheer will.
_	Another theory for the practice of parents dedicating their daughters to a temple is the belief that they would receive moksha or salvation.
_	The conflation between primary + high and secondary + high as well as primary + low and secondary + low in Trager (1946) was due to the belief that they were in complementary distribution.
_	It was structured under the belief that every customer was a "guest".
_	Trintignant's win put to the sword the belief that rear-engined Cooper victory achieved by Stirling Moss in Argentina was a one-off freak circumstance win and the smaller British cars would be treated more seriously, although ultimately a Cooper would not win again until 1959.
_	In 1903 he published the article "The Anarchy of Stephen's Reign" in the same journal, which presented the idea that the use of the term 'waste' in the Pipe Rolls indicated a much wider devastation resulting from the Anarchy than had been thought, fuelling the belief that a great anarchy occurred during Stephen's reign, although the 'waste' theory was later discredited.
_	Particularly in the early 19th century, several utopian ideas arose, often in response to the belief that social disruption was created and caused by the development of commercialism and capitalism.
_	The policy of university education initiated in the 1960s responded to population pressure and the belief that higher education was a key to social justice and economic productivity for individuals and for society.
_	But he could not tolerate any form of Theopaschism (the belief that God suffered), be it the divinity itself, the Trinity, or one of the hypostases of the Trinity.
_	He even had two teeth removed "in the belief that this might help with his recovery."
_	This meaning of hospitality centers on the belief that strangers should be assisted and protected while traveling.
_	One of the reasons given for the merger was the belief that it would help to attract title sponsorship to Scottish league football; contracts between the SPL and Clydesdale Bank and the SFL and Irn-Bru expired in 2013.
_	Luckily for the station, the upgrade was approved in time to bypass an FCC deadline halting all such applications due to the belief that similar low-powered FM stations would be a detriment to broadcasting.
_	The advent of buses and large-scale competition meant that buses often ran the same routes as the trams and would jump in front in order to ""grab"" customers, while buses were able to move into Dublin's expanding hinterland quicker and at less cost that the trams, and the belief that trams were outdated and old technology all led to declining use.
_	The reality of God as the ultimate cause of things is the belief that God is veiled from human understanding because of the secondary causes and contingent realities of things in the world.
_	The symbolism of the eagle derived from the belief that the bird was capable of staring into the sun and that Christians similarly were able to gaze unflinchingly at the revelation of the divine word.
_	The feud focused on the belief that the church’s rector, Rev. John Howard Melish, was a communist sympathizer.
_	In one instance, Anne or her younger sister Fanny were variously called Queen Oglethorpe or Her Oglethorpean Majesty, in the belief that she was mistress to James III.
_	Sharpe's significant accomplishment as Mayor was the elimination of the city's streetcar service in September 1955, in the belief that "another big step has been taken in the progress of our city."
_	A government surveyor who was surveying the boundaries of the Bricklayer's Claim, offered a small island in the bay known as Deadman's Island (also shown on some maps as Coal Island) to Brighouse for $5, but Brighouse declined in the belief that they already had plenty of land.
_	Romney said his stance dated back to his mother, Lenore Romney, and her position during her 1970 U.S. Senate campaign: "My mother and my family have been committed to the belief that we can believe as we want, but we will not force our beliefs on others on that matter.
_	The driver apparently tried to stop the tram via incorrect braking methods in the belief that the brakes were not working properly.
_	As a student at the University of Virginia, appearances may have led to the belief that Pancake distanced himself from other students, in reality, his demeanor reflected his own complex inner feelings.
_	The light rays might sometimes include an inscription, and were sometimes shown entering her ear, in the belief that it was thus the Word became flesh.
_	For factual claims, he gives the example of the belief that the Earth is 4,000 years old.
_	There are many causes of this discrepancy, including the tampon tax, product differentiation, and the belief that women are less price elastic than men.
_	In this speech he expressed, in a not very subtle way, the belief that the sacrifice of many lives for freedom was denied by the then dominant political regime.
_	Resurrection holds the belief that the goal of the Christian life is to love God with all your heart, soul, mind and strength, and to love your neighbor as you love yourself.
_	Initially, they focused on cognitive goals, while addressing affective goals indirectly, in the belief that doing so would increase children's self-esteem and feelings of competency.
_	One form of expectancy bias relates to placebo effects, which is the belief that training should have a positive influence on cognition.
_	Anglican eucharistic theology is not merely memorialist (the belief that nothing special happens at the Lord's Supper other than devotional reflection on Christ's death).
_	The poet explores the idea of love as a form of madness: Tristan's assumption of the role of imbecile as a disguise is only partly deliberate, yet he also exemplifies the belief that fools may be wiser than sane men, and may give voice to truths that would otherwise go unsaid.
_	While some were of the belief that Wright was making a perfectly logical decision based on the difficulty of the terrain, others, like the owners of the roadhouse at Williams Lake, claimed that Wright had ulterior motives and was changing the route simply for the sake of the profits he stood to gain by diverting the majority of the traffic to his own roadhouse.
_	He began promoting the belief that punishment of the damned in Hell would not last for eternity and that eventually the damned would cease to exist.
_	In 1910, the son of Richard Cockle Lucas – Albert Dürer Lucas – claimed that a bust of "Flora", which had been purchased by the Kaiser Friedrich Museum, Berlin, under the belief that it was by Leonardo da Vinci, was created by his father.
_	This political party supports the belief that while illegal immigrants and even those ‘’from Vietnam’’ who ‘’take jobs from Cambodians’’ are destructive to Cambodia.
_	The KDP’s leader Uk Phourik says he and his party do not support the ideology of ‘’anti-immigration’’ however he and the Khmer Democratic Party support and promote the belief that ‘’all immigrants’’ must ‘’on a case by case basis’’ need to become citizens only ‘’by royal decree’’ in order to live in Cambodia where they could constructively contribute to Cambodia as well.
_	Most literature supports the belief that IC's symptoms are associated with a defect in the bladder epithelium lining, allowing irritating substances in the urine to penetrate into the bladder—essentially, a breakdown of the bladder lining (also known as the adherence theory).
_	His reason for opposition, as given in his testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, is the belief that NATO expansion will preclude significant nuclear arms reduction with Russia, and consequently increase the risk of a terrorist nuclear attack.
_	Some scholars also believe that antinomianism, the belief that all was allowed because there were no laws, was believed by a faction in the early Christian community.
_	The emphasis on engagement with civil society was based in part on the belief that emerged after 9/11 that the absence of good governance allows "uncivil" society to thrive and frustrations that would be otherwise addressed non-violently in a democratic system show themselves in the form of terrorism.
_	Asymptotically, the belief that exactly m out of the d neighbors of player i choose action 1 follows a binomial distribution formula_6.
_	In general the belief that an image itself is the object of worship, and itself has or embodies a spirit with inherent powers, tends to be hard to verify when a religious context is examined closely, or to be held at a popular level but denied by the clergy of a religion.
_	The latter reflected the belief that this offered a summation of Ptolemy's key astrological principles, and therefore presented "The Fruit of his Four Books".
_	Over the following decades it established the following departments, in the belief that Christians should show active care as well as campaigning for moral standards in society:
_	It stands for the power of our creativity, our ability to turn ideas into reality, and the belief that anything we can imagine, we can make real.
_	Nonetheless, the majority of voters in 1889 supported annexation perhaps because of the city’s water system for fire prevention or because of the belief that township government had become too unwieldy.
_	All versions of this theodicy accept the theological implications of the Genesis creation narrative, including the belief that God created human beings without sin or suffering.
_	He says he writes in the belief that "scientific knowledge can be a pillar to help humans endure and prevail."
_	There were media reports after the referendum on the Twenty-first Amendment that opponents of the death penalty had mistakenly cast a "no" vote, in the belief that they were being asked to vote on capital punishment "per se" rather than on an amendment that would prohibit it.
_	In "Sick Societies", Edgerton questions the belief that cultures are naturally "adaptive", pointing out instances of violence, misogyny, and social malaise in pre-colonial indigenous societies.
_	It includes the belief that the Kayan people are the result of a union between a female dragon and a male human/angel hybrid.
_	The abortion-breast cancer hypothesis is the belief that induced abortions increase the risk of developing breast cancer.
_	There is a "loss of self-confidence among many members of the ruling class", the "conversion of many members of that class to the belief that their privileges are unjust or harmful to society" (p. 65).
_	As a result, several newspapers—most notably the "Pittsburgh Press"—were under the belief that Lajoie held the record.
_	In São Paulo, they were largely very high-income, mostly white, with a great mistrust of political parties, especially those on the left, but with a strong belief in Aécio Neves, the defeated candidate in the 2014 national elections, and revealed a preference for ultra-conservative political journalism, and the belief that the Workers' Party intended to implement a communist regime in Brazil.
_	Shortly before his death he wrote "I am committed to the belief that the artist has an important contribution to make to architecture.
_	The peoples living in the western end of SHP similarly share the belief that they are part of a regional system deeply rooted in mythology and ritual, and that the fertility of their region is morally constituted.
_	The unusual inclusion of carrel floors bred the belief that the building was not originally designed to be a library, but was supposed to be an office building and the plans were mixed up.
_	Hylopathism, in philosophy, is the belief that some or all matter is sentient or that properties of matter in general give rise to subjective experience.
_	There was a succession of plagues in Manchester from the 14th century onwards, and during the Great Plague of 1655–56 the holes in the top of the stone were filled with vinegar or holy water, through which coins were passed in the belief that would halt the spread of the disease.
_	Social realism, the belief that art should reflect the realities of society under capitalism, was the artistic doctrine of the Communist Party of Australia, and in 1931 Counihan became a confirmed atheist and a member of the Party.
_	The evidence against them is circumstantial and built on extorted confessions, leading to the belief that the initial accusations were concocted.
_	Around the fifteenth century, evidence starts to appear for the belief that elves might steal human babies and replace them with changelings.
_	According to Lewman, Nemo strives for "collective progression" and operates in the belief that "we're stronger together than as individuals".
_	Black allows White to make several tempo-gaining attacks on the knight and to erect an apparently imposing pawn centre in the belief that it can later be destroyed.
_	It was found that the scallops were relatively unaffected by the outflows and this resulted in the belief that benthic marine communities were unlikely to be severely affected by such discharges.
_	This was mainly due to the belief that the majority of Chinese held, that their stay in America was just a temporary one, solely to acquire money.
_	I am impressed with the belief that Grenfell had considerable money in his possession by and through which he bribed the sentinel.
_	Other critics of the long poem sometimes hold the belief that with long poems, there is no "middle ground."
_	While Hồ Chí Minh supported the position that Vietnam had entered the stage of transition to socialism in 1954, he held the belief that Vietnam was still "a democratic regime in which people are the masters" and not socialist.
_	As one result, he started "Contact" magazine with Hartley in 1920 in order to create an outlet for works showcasing the belief that creative work should derive from the artist's direct experience and sense of place and reject traditional notions of how this should be done.
_	After the evacuation of British and French soldiers from Dunkirk and the French surrender on 22 June 1940, Hitler mainly focused his energies on the possibility of invading the Soviet Union in the belief that the British, defeated on the continent and without European allies, would quickly come to terms.
_	Greek poets even recorded the belief that the return of the bright star was responsible for bringing heat and fever with it; it was also associated with sudden thunderstorms.
_	This view of IBC was based on the belief that IBC figures are extremely low due to pro-US media bias and inadequate reporting due to its heavy (though not exclusive) reliance on Western media sources, which has led some of these critics to claim IBC should be called the "Iraq Western Media Body Count".
_	The maxim signifies the belief that justice must be realized regardless of consequences.
_	Lord Thomson, chairman of the IBA, believed the dispute between the government and the authority had a "very substantial influence on Mrs Thatcher's attitude towards broadcasting policy", which led her to the belief that Thames' franchise should not be renewed.
_	Afdhere Jama, an American-Muslim writer and editor of the Huriyah magazine, added, "My main difference with the majority of Muslims is the belief that a Jewish homeland is an important progress for all of us, especially one in their ancestral land of Israel".
_	- Self-efficacy is the belief that a person possesses the skills and abilities to successfully accomplish something.
_	The IETF has studiously refrained from defining a mechanical method for verifying such consensus, apparently in the belief that any such codification leads to attempts to "game the system."
_	I don't share the belief that blood is thicker than water.
_	Pneumatherapy is the belief that the state of one's spirit ("pneuma", ) influences physical health.
_	The Magi are sometimes called "kings" because of the belief that they fulfill prophecies in Isaiah and Psalms concerning a journey to Jerusalem by gentile kings.
_	Such rumors served to spread the belief that a French-sponsored neutralist deal was imminent and gave the conspirators an opportunity to act.
_	In particular they reject cultural relativism, the belief that different cultures can have different standards and that one culture may not legitimately judge another.
_	A common error is the belief that advances in respect for equine welfare arise from ethical and scientific considerations.
_	In his first season as head coach of the Fighting Irish, Weis was widely quoted as telling his team that they would have a "decided schematic advantage" against their opponents, apparently in the belief that his schemes and strategies developed in the NFL were superior to the schemes being run by other college coaches.
_	In the belief that the shire was unable to develop properly without a railway service, the shire built its own railway, the Belmont Tramway, which was officially opened on Saturday 25 May 1912.
_	In addition to dissing Tyson and expressing belief in a flat earth, the song's lyrics also include other conspiracy theories, including Holocaust denial, "mirror lizards", and the belief that Freemasons are indoctrinating young people.
_	Sebastianism () is a Portuguese messianic myth, based on the belief that King Sebastian of Portugal, disappeared in the battle of Alcácer Quibir, will return to save Portugal.
_	It is implied that the knowledge and extent of Trevor's crimes, the belief that Trevor's depravity escalated without anyone to keep him in check and his silence on the matter all weigh heavily on Michael's conscience.
_	Red Skull abandons his longstanding beliefs in National Socialism and Hitler, on the belief that the Nazi philosophy made him look like a relic of the past, and turns towards American ideology.
_	The name refers to the belief that the only spawning-ground for salmon in Greenland is a river near the settlement.
_	This was justified by the belief that men and single women needed the jobs more.
_	The resulting investigation was triggered by the belief that Spitzer might have been hiding bribe proceeds and led to the discovery of the prostitution ring.
_	These long held European ideas reinforced the belief that there was a need for medical research in order to ensure the economic success of European colonies in tropical regions.
_	Over time, he learns English, and formulates the belief that (2) ""London is not pretty"".
_	They brought their sick and wounded to bathe in the water with the belief that it would cure their injuries and diseases.
_	Influenced by these tales and others in Europe, Spanish Conquistadors fell under the belief that there were crystalline fountains of youth hidden in the springs.
_	On hearing the sound of a falling fruit, a hare sets all the other animals fleeing in the belief that the earth was collapsing.
_	In rock climbing it is believed that an Ape Index greater than one, where the arm span is greater than the height, provides for a competitive advantage, and some climbers have expressed the belief that exercise can result in an improved ratio, although this view is somewhat controversial.
_	In the Christian dispute regarding grace and works, Guyon defended the belief that salvation is the result of grace rather than works.
_	Garfield himself had called for civil service reform in his inaugural address and supported it as President in the belief that it would make government more efficient.
_	As a result of neocolonial influences, foreign actors feel justified in the belief that the deep poverty in Haiti is due to Haiti’s own shortcomings, instead of being the result of neocolonialism committed by wealthy countries with economic interest in Haiti.
_	The movement's distinguishing feature was the belief that the spirits of the dead could be contacted by mediums to lend insight to the living.
_	The document was delivered to members of the Senate Ethics Committee the previous month, Helms stating that his move came from the belief that the release would cause the panel to act faster, additionally citing the panel members with being at odds on how much of the report should be released as a reason for not closing an inquiry into Charles H. Keating Jr..
_	"Tarbellites" was a phrase used at the time that reflected the belief that women's skill was derived from their mentors, like Edmund C. Tarbell.
_	Evidence suggests that these stones were brought from distant parts of California and as far away as Mexico for a ritual in which the native threw the stone into Tolay Lake, with the belief that this act rid the thrower of affliction or disease or would invoke enhanced crop yields.
_	The concept of the hidden curriculum includes the belief that anything taught in an authoritarian setting is implicitly teaching authoritarianism.
_	For many cultures, ideas of marital rape seem often foreign imposed and contradict the belief that such matters should be dealt with privately rather than by the government (Smith, 2016).
_	The removals were driven by the belief that the monuments glorify white supremacy and memorialize a government whose founding principle was the perpetuation and expansion of slavery.
_	is the belief that an intuitive (or "deep-seated") negative response to some thing, idea, or practice should be interpreted as evidence for the intrinsically harmful or evil character of that thing.
_	Overcome by the scent and in the belief that Grenouille is an angel, the nearby crowd devours him.
_	He supported better schools in Connecticut and held the belief that the schools should be free for all the children in the state.
_	Others conclude that many Latter-day Saints entered into plural marriage based on the belief that it was a religious commandment, rather than as an excuse for sexual license.
_	For quite some time the belief that sexual cannibalism in "M. religiosa" only occurred in captivity was wide spread.
_	In the West, Bede e. g., who speaks of the belief that the two witnesses were Elijah and Enoch, as what was said by "some doctors," takes our Lord's declaration, that Elijah shall return, in its simple meaning.
_	Psychologists or therapists who identify with the feminism, the belief that women and men are equals, and/or feminist psychological theory may call themselves feminist therapists.
_	The party states that the Lahore Resolution is totally in favour of a Confederation, although varying interpretations exist such as the belief that Pakistan was originally believed to come into existence as three or more regions that would not have bordered each other and therefore would have to be autonomous for good governance.
_	The term "Relativism" in a religious sense derives from the belief that each individual brings their own wisdom, personality, cultural background and experience to bear on their interpretation of a religion.
_	Territorial nationalism describes a form of nationalism based on the belief that all inhabitants of a particular territory should share a common national identity, regardless of their ethnic, linguistic, religious, cultural and other differences.
_	But it left me with was the belief that here was a guy for whom the substance of things doesn't matter much."
_	Supporting the belief that all things, seen and unseen are essentially linked.
_	This has assisted in counteracting the belief that some cigarette varieties are less harmful than others.
_	The Sublime Porte may have agreed to the division out of the belief that a single governor for each of Yemen's two regions would serve to help the Ottomans prevent Portuguese attempts to control Yemeni ports and ensure Ottoman control over the coffee trade, which was primarily cultivated in the highlands.
_	Other than the belief that Christian Sabbath is Saturday rather than Sunday, SDBs are very similar to other Baptists.
_	Unlike Christianity, Old Norse religion does not appear to have adhered to the belief that moral concerns impacted an individual's afterlife destination.
_	Despite this fortuitous turn of events, the group were still uncertain of their future following their semi-hiatus and radical shift in line-up; Jacobs later admitted that the band spent the recording sessions under the belief that it could possibly be their last album.
_	She instilled in me the belief that by doing my very best, almost any objective I might seek would be within my grasp.
_	Socialist feminists hold the belief that to achieve women's liberation, women's liberation must be sought in conjunction with the social and economic justice of all people.
_	These gun supporters also argue that gun bans would increase injuries and deaths if the gun bans apply to everyone (both criminals and non-criminals), based on the belief that compliance rates to the bans would be lower among criminals than non-criminals, thus implying a larger decrease in gun possession among non-criminals than criminals.
_	Like other evangelicals, Pentecostals generally adhere to the Bible's divine inspiration and inerrancy—the belief that the Bible, in the original manuscripts in which it was written, is infallible.
_	Deep ecology's core principle is the belief that the living environment as a whole should be respected and regarded as having certain inalienable legal rights to live and flourish, independent of its utilitarian instrumental benefits for human use.
_	The report stated five British soldiers aimed shots at civilians they knew did not pose a threat and two other British soldiers shot at civilians "in the belief that they might have identified gunmen, but without being certain that this was the case".
_	Travelogues and imagery depicting Black women as "sexually primitive" and "savage" enforced the belief that it was in Africa's best interest to be colonized by European settlers.
_	His argument hinges on the belief that bodily fluids mix during sexual intercourse.
_	The current justification for these conditions is the belief that due to the animals not roaming, they save energy, and therefore better digest their food; this energy is reserved for growth of the animals.
_	PIT, Kapurthala and the belief that a community college structured differently might better address the persistent challenges of improving technical graduation rates and preparing students for further study and job readiness.
_	In keeping with the legacy of the American sexual revolution, the EHM is dedicated to the belief that sexual pleasure and fun are natural aspects of the human experience, that such pleasure should be made available to all, and that our individual sexuality belongs to each of us.
_	Unitarian Universalism, though not having a set religious creed or doctrine, generally accepts the belief that all human begins are worthy and in need of unconditional love though charity in the community and spiritual understanding.
_	Gavin generally favoured accepting the higher initial casualties involved in dropping as close to objectives as possible in the belief that distant drop zones would result in lower chances of success.
_	Bree marrying Orson after a six-month relationship, but their marriage is troubled by the belief that Orson physically abused his first wife, Alma (Valerie Mahaffey), and murdered her.
_	The greater incidence of birth defects in boys correlates to the belief that male infants were more likely to be taken.
_	The Lower School embraces the belief that all children can learn and want to succeed.
_	I simply selected quality images with the belief that the path of strong visual energies would visit equal strong social presences".
_	Church tradition (including more recent statements of faith like the Chicago Statement on Biblical Inerrancy and the Cambridge Declaration) holds to the belief that only the original Hebrew Old Testament text and the original Greek New Testament text can be clearly identified as God's word.
_	Church of the Annunciation, located a little further up the hill from the current site of Mary's Well, is a Byzantine era church built over the spring in the 3rd century, based on the belief that the Annunciation took place at the site.
_	A rise in the dances' popularity outside of Trabzon has led to the belief that the dance disappeared from the region.
_	Some Christian anarchists resist taxes in the belief that their government is engaged in immoral, unethical or destructive activities such as war, and paying taxes inevitably funds these activities, whilst others submit to taxation.
_	It is clear that "the main driving forces underlying these profiling crimes are ignorance, myth, and superstition, such as the belief that individuals with albinism possess superpowers or that their body parts bestow fortune and health."
_	However, Allied submarines conducted many such attacks on Japanese fishing boats in the belief that they formed part of the Japanese war economy.
_	To gain admittance to the school, a student's parent or guardian must agree with Chapelgate's statement of faith, foremost of which is the belief that the Bible is infallible and inerrant.
_	The official explanation of the defeat as presented to the House of Commons by Winston Churchill stated: "feeling he could not bring the enemy immediately to action as long as he kept with Canopus, he decided to attack them with his fast ships alone, in the belief that even if he himself were destroyed... he would inflict damage on them which ...would lead to their certain subsequent destruction."
_	There are subcultures worldwide which advocate the belief that the Moon landings were faked.
_	The Australian retailer Mark Foy began to purchase the site in 1902 for the purposes of a hydropathic sanatorium under the belief that the land contained mineral springs.
_	They based their decision on the belief that idol worship had no textual or spiritual basis.
_	In a looser sense, libertarianism is commonly identified with the belief that each individual person has a right to a maximum amount of freedom or liberty when this freedom does not interfere with other people's freedom.
_	The deity does not conform to the "agamas" (rules) for making a deity, thus furthering the belief that the temple's deity is Swayambhu.
_	In particular, the German Romanticism movement was based on the belief that there was a relationship between language, religion, traditions, songs and stories and those who practiced them.
_	The rationale behind such neo-liberal mechanisms situates itself in the belief that market mechanisms harness profit motive to more innovative and efficient environmental solutions than those devised and executed by states.
_	Many opt to wear new, bright, or colourful clothes with circular patterns, such as polka dots, or display sweets and twelve round fruits as the centrepiece, in the belief that circles attract money and fortune and that candies represent a sweeter year ahead.
_	People also make loud noises by blowing on cardboard or plastic horns, called "torotot", banging on pots and pans, playing loud music, blowing car horns, or by igniting firecrackers, in the belief that the din scares away bad luck and evil spirits.
_	Although he used the Protestant Bible and tracts as his movement's holy books and attached great importance to his version of the Ten Commandments, he preached his own form of Christianity, including the belief that he was Jesus's younger brother.
_	"Secondly", this issue of control is related to the second point: the belief that an omnibus test offers protection is not completely accurate.
_	Central to Torchbearers' theology is the belief that the way in which one lives the Christian life is by quieting or extinguishing the self, and allowing Christ to live his life through you in a very literal way.
_	The projects are founded on the belief that art and material culture can be a valuable lens through which to study a historical moment.
_	Neomodern works of art via mimesis interpret and present the universe and man’s existence, in line with the belief that the reality we live is but a mirror of another universe that can only be accessed through inspiration and imagination.
_	A baraita offers, as justification for the ritual of hand-washing after waking, the belief that a spirit of impurity rests upon each person during the night, and will not leave until the person's hands are washed, and the Zohar argues that body is open to demonic possession during sleep because the soul temporarily leaves the body during it; the kabbalah argues that death awaits anyone who walks more than four yards from their bed without ablution.
_	During the turbulent 1960s and 1970s, some parishes left the Episcopal Church and attempted to retain the parish property for reasons including the admission of women to Holy Orders, the adoption of the 1979 Book of Common Prayer, and the belief that some bishops held heretical views.
_	Some compared any continued belief in UFOs with the belief that the earth is flat.
_	The novel introduces some of Pat Barker’s stable motifs and themes, e.g. the different smell of a person’s body when they are afraid; the preoccupation with the visual and the enigma of the human eye; the destruction of clichés, s.a. the belief that prostitutes are poor, unintelligent, and do not have other opportunities for work: "’I like this life.
_	He has also recently advocated a picture of knowledge according to which one can have knowledge of p even if the justification for the belief that p is essentially based on false premises.
_	Fueled by the belief that “another world” is possible, Ripper explores the stories of people who have turned to spiritual activism as a means to cope with personal and global crises.
_	Driven by the belief that offerings of fresh blood will appease goddess Durga, scores of animals and birds are ritually slaughtered especially in the eighth and ninth day of the festival.
_	All authors mentioned above were motivated by the belief that all Slavic languages were dialects of one single Slavic language rather than separate languages.
_	Shikai is kept based on the belief that mother earth bathes herself with Shikakai.
_	As a post-colonial society, modern Indonesia exhibits xenocentrism—the belief that a foreign, usually Western culture is superior to one's own—in its consumption of recorded music.
_	Christian exorcism is founded on the belief that Jesus commanded his followers to expel evil spirits in his name.
_	Regarding homosexuality, Ali, says that the belief that "exclusively homosexual desire is innate in some individuals" has been adopted "even among some relatively conservative Western Muslim thinkers."100 Homosexual Muslims believe their homosexuality to be innate and view "their sexual orientation as God-given and immutable."123 She observes that "queer and trans people are sometimes treated as defective or deviant," and she adds that it is "vital not to assume that variation implies imperfection or disability."
_	Lastly, disregarding cultural differences because of the belief that Western liberal democratic society is universally applicable to all societies is another flaw in the triumphant post-Cold War thesis.
_	According to Rotondi, the political project of Christian Revolution is founded on the belief that there is still room for a force of Christian inspiration after the end of the Christian Democracy.
_	Some albularyos choose to treat patients only on certain days of the week, such as Tuesdays and Fridays, or on the feast days of the Sto. Niño and the Black Nazarene, with the belief that healing powers are greater during those days.
_	However, DNA sequence data quite consistently support the belief that the latter are paraphyletic with the Gasterosteiformes "sensu lato".
_	When clippings from the foreign papers filtered back to Australia in the letters home of serving soldiers, it only reinforced the belief that the story in the "Bulletin" was true.
_	Harris planned to launch a stronger effort in the belief that the PVA defense of the dam consisted of mutually supporting positions in the heights immediately northwest of the Pukhan and on the two peninsulas on which the dam abutted and that reaching the dam required simultaneous attacks in all three areas.
_	His offer was refused in the belief that the Jewish Haganah would come to their aid in an organised rescue.
_	In the 19th century, many scientists subscribed to the belief that the human population can be divided into races.
_	The term "racism" is a noun describing the state of being racist, i.e., subscribing to the belief that the human population can or should be classified into races with differential abilities and dispositions, which in turn may motivate a political ideology in which rights and privileges are differentially distributed based on racial categories.
_	In his final Senate year, he strongly supported AIDS measures in Africa, where heterosexual transmission of the disease is most common, and continued to hold the belief that the "homosexual lifestyle" is the cause of the spread of the epidemic in America.
_	They developed a particular interest in Wesley's doctrine of Christian perfection, which is the belief that a Christian can live a life free of sin.  On 26 July 1837, Phoebe Palmer experienced what John Wesley termed "entire sanctification."
_	Mrs M.E. Cunnington's study of Saxon grave sites in Wiltshire noted that there was no evidence to support the belief that the Crofton site contained Saxon graves.
_	Like other "völkisch" groups, the DAP advocated the belief that through profit-sharing instead of socialisation Germany should become a unified "people's community" ("Volksgemeinschaft") rather than a society divided along class and party lines.
_	Because of the belief that natural law actually "restricted" the rights of citizens under the Constitution, Black also called for the overruling of "Twining v. New Jersey" in which the Court turned to natural law to support its decision.
_	He took the new episode on as a challenge, in the belief that the producers didn't think the episode would work well, which caused him to become determined to put out a good episode.
_	They do their best to convince Nashime, and he eventually succumbs to the belief that Himiko has lost her powers, and he keeps her stashed away in her room and Mimaki takes the throne as the leader of the Sun God People.
_	With the Regional Transport Office (RTO) just a kilometre from Lakkapuram, and the belief that the corporation area to be extended, the real estate price have soared up..
_	In Germany, the belief that Jews were economically exploiting Germans became prominent due to the ascendancy of many wealthy Jews into prominent positions upon the unification of Germany in 1871.
_	This episode was written under the belief that the series was not going to be renewed for a third season, hence why so many catastrophic events take place, such as the destruction of the "seaQuest" (which also happened in the first season finale), and the apparent deaths of the entire crew.
_	These colonists were motivated by the belief that a prerequisite for the Second Coming of the Messiah was the establishment of Jewish rule in the Holy Land.
_	Initial responses to the journal were favorable, as it was declared "We applaud its present performance and look forward to the improvement which its initial effort promises and which maturity will bring" and "the first issue warrants the belief that the scholars of the United States will make valuable contributions to the study of canon law.".
_	It is committed to the belief that new ideas are best fostered by interdisciplinary activities involving graduate students, postdoctoral scholars and faculty. ""
_	Some of the doctrines of Protestantism that the Catholic Church considers heretical are the belief that the Bible is the only source and rule of faith ("sola scriptura"), that faith alone can lead to salvation ("sola fide") and that there is no sacramental, ministerial priesthood attained by ordination, but only a universal priesthood of all believers.
_	But Stalin's distrust of the British led him to ignore their warnings in the belief that they were a trick designed to bring the Soviet Union into the war on their side.
_	Underlining the plan was the belief that Burgoyne's aggressive thrust from Quebec would be aided by the movements of two other large British forces under Generals Howe and Clinton who would support the advance.
_	The merger was criticised by Alex Anderson of "When Saturday Comes" as bringing further uncertainty to Scottish football, holding the belief that the semi-professional clubs in the lower divisions will be put into a future regional structure.
_	In the 2005 book "Admiral Zheng He & Southeast Asia" published by Singapore's Institute of Southeast Asian Studies, Professor Wang Gungwu, in his paper "The First Three Rulers of Melaka", published in 1968, put forward evidence to support the belief that Megat Iskandar Shah was the second ruler of Malacca.
_	Clean Slate was based on the belief that the current Internet has significant deficiencies that need to be solved before it can become a unified global communication infrastructure, and that the Internet's shortcomings will not be resolved by the conventional incremental and backward-compatible style of academic and industrial networking research.
_	They were united, among other things, in the belief that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; that Christians should celebrate the Lord's Supper on the first day of each week; and that baptism of adult believers by immersion in water is a necessary condition for salvation.
_	The abstract critique is a reductio ad absurdum of methodological monism (the belief that only a single methodology can produce scientific progress).
_	This was based on the belief that the nail embedded in the spear-tip was one that had been used for the Crucifixion of Jesus.
_	The Queen's Private Secretary Henning Fode commented, "The Queen and the Prince Consort have considered this for quite some time, and it has led to the belief that it was the right thing to do."
_	The Romans also used fibulas to fasten the foreskin above the penis, thus hiding the glans, this was done both to show modesty and in the belief that it helped preserve the voice.
_	She credits this incident with giving her the belief that organizing could bring about social change.
_	The concept of "Saṃsāra" is closely associated with the belief that the person continues to be born and reborn in various realms and forms.
_	Nonetheless, I/O psychologists see the value of that variable where its consideration would, were its reliability and validity questioned, achieve a statistically significant probability that its results are not due to chance, and that it can be replicated reliably with a statistically significant ratio of reliability, and that were a court to raise a question on its reliability and validity testing, the I/O psychologist behind its use would be able to defend it before a court of justice with the belief that it will stand before such a court as reliable, and valid.
_	The Project Manager is accountable for ensuring that everyone on the team knows and executes his or her role, feels empowered and supported in the role, knows the roles of the other team members and acts upon the belief that those roles will be performed.
_	Many voters noticed that after they placed a vote for Anner, the total number of his votes would actually decrease, further adding to the belief that the system was rigged.
_	Thus, an intentional action is a function to accomplish a desired goal and is based on the belief that the course of action will satisfy a desire.
_	Till now, some people are of the belief that these two ethnic units are one due to similarities in culture, language, food and virtually everything.
_	Vally made a deal with Gallo Records to market the album, in the belief that he did not have the "financial muscle" for the job, and the album sold 43,000 copies in the next seven months.
_	The Douhet model rests on the belief that in a conflict, the infliction of high costs from aerial bombing can shatter civilian morale.
_	By 1987, IMIFAP (Yo Quiero, Yo Puedo) had adapted this model for adolescents, acknowledging that the belief that one has “no control” begins at an early age and that children are least equipped with the knowledge to make positive decisions when it comes to their sexual health.
_	Williams, Jackson and Dawson, in the belief that they had insufficient fuel to reach the British squadron offshore, headed for Denmark and landed there.
_	EE works together with communities, schools, teachers, principals, learners, parents, academics, researchers and the government in the belief that the rights to equality and education enshrined in the Constitution will enable the poor and working classes to realise an equal opportunity in life.
_	On November 2, 2006, SSMU decided to not allow blood drives to be held on their property due to the belief that Héma-Québec's lifetime ban against donations from men who have had sex with other men is in violation of the Student Society's constitution .
_	The "Kanjōtai's" strong advocacy of overseas expansionism was rooted in the belief that such a war would restore the former samurai class to its former prominence and prestige.
_	This unique school is founded on the belief that many young people are ready and eager to do serious college work.
_	They sincerely held to the belief that the values their children would learn at home would surpass the worldly knowledge taught in school.
_	This universalization of medicine was an especially prominent in the early 1800's when Andrew Jackson was running for president, as he embodied the belief that anyone could run for public office.
_	Anne resented the Duchess's intrusive actions, which included removing a portrait of George from the Queen's bedchamber and then refusing to return it in the belief that it was natural "to avoid seeing of papers or anything that belonged to one that one loved when they were just dead".
_	Established in 1979, the CCA/ACC "seeks to advance communication research and studies in the belief that a better understanding of communication is crucial to building a vibrant society."
_	This resemblance resulted in occasional attempts to smelt nickeline in the belief that it was copper ore, but such attempts always ended in failure due to high smelting temperatures needed to reduce nickel.
_	Hoderi claimed that Hoori should give back the fish-hook, for he refused to accept another one (due to the belief that each tool is animated and hence unique).
_	Jung and his followers (e.g., Marie-Louise von Franz) share in common the belief that numbers are the archetypes of order, and the major participants in synchronicity creation.
_	When she returned 20 years later to her original topic of women's fantasies in "Women on Top," it was in the belief that "the sexual revolution" had stalled: "it was the greed of the 1980s that dealt the death blow . . . the demise of healthy sexual curiosity."
_	Holding reinforces the rigidity of state-sanctioned identity categories and the belief that biology is what determines sex and gender: "All his working life he has assumed that what made a man a man and a woman a woman was the differing sexual organs" (Trumpet 115).
_	Curtis' defense of civil rights was rooted partly in the Lincoln tradition of the GOP, but more simply in the belief that civil rights were at the base of the American philosophy of government and Judeo-Christian morality and that their defense was "the most fundamental issue that confronts any government at any time," as he wrote in 1952.
_	Medallions or medalets showing the "Devil defeated" were specially minted in Britain and distributed amongst the poor in the belief that they would reduce disease and sickness.
_	Kurau and her Pair are pursued by the GPO under the belief that they, too, are a threat to the world.
_	Constructivist teaching is based on the belief that learning occurs as learners are actively involved in a process of meaning and knowledge construction as opposed to passively receiving information.
_	Its usage may have had several reasons, for example to avoid intercourse, to promote modesty or the belief that it helped preserve a man's voice.
_	Inclusionist viewpoints are commonly motivated by a desire to keep Wikipedia broad in coverage with a much lower entry barrier for topics covered – along with the belief that it is impossible to tell what knowledge might be "useful" or productive, that content often starts poor and is improved if time is allowed, that there is effectively no incremental cost of coverage, that arbitrary lines in the sand are unhelpful and may prove divisive, and that goodwill requires avoiding arbitrary deletion of others' work.
_	"Based on existing scientific evidence and good practice guidelines from the field of psychiatry, the Indian Psychiatric Society would like to state that there is no evidence to substantiate the belief that homosexuality is a mental illness or a disease."
_	Schools was built on the belief that quality and affordability are not mutually exclusive when it comes to excellent education.
_	Another term related to henotheism is "equitheism", referring to the belief that all gods are equal.
_	The company is founded on the belief that all business owners should have access to the expertise that will help them grow their companies.
_	The term was originally coined by players of the games Angband and NetHack, and also references the belief that certain actions can either appease or anger the "God", leading to number generation seemingly skewed for or against the player.
_	The last name comes from the belief that Martin Luther played this instrument.
_	In the belief that Walter has discovered or will discover his secret, Glyde attempts to incinerate the incriminating documents; but perishes in the flames.
_	The festival was celebrated in order to allow the food to rest from being treated and cooked, with the belief that in this way the food would be revitalised.
_	The popular media suggest that many women are opting for caesareans in the belief that it is a practical solution.
_	A minority, such as Jean-Paul Sartre, share the belief that Lumumba's goals were unattainable in 1960 but nevertheless view him as a martyr of Congolese independence at the hands of certain Western interests and the victim of events over which he had little control.
_	Transubstantiation is the belief that the Eucharistic elements are transformed into Christ's body and blood in a way only perceivable by the intellect, not by the senses.
_	Moreover, the trade unions aid the employing class to mislead the workers into the belief that the working class have interests in common with their employers.
_	Because of the strong emphasis in Mormon theology on marriage of a man and a woman as a requirement for "exaltation" in Heaven, it was common for LDS leaders to encourage members who confessed feelings of "same-sex attraction" to ignore their feelings and marry a member of the opposite sex based on the belief that this would overcome homosexuality.
_	On the belief that this was due to the same geological forces operating in the past as the very slow geological forces seen operating at the present day, the thicknesses of exposed rock layers implied to him enormous stretches of time.
_	Unifying the Camerata members was the belief that music had become corrupt, and by returning to the forms and style of the ancient Greeks, the art of music could be improved, and thereby society could be improved as well.
_	Fielder gave the title a significantly lower review than most publishers and echoed the belief that it "missed the boat" of lower quality, first generation N64 games.
_	In accordance with this behavioral tendency, appraisal theory proposes that determination is associated with effortful optimism, referring to the belief that a situation can be improved upon with enough effort from the individual.
_	The custom of trick-or-treating on Halloween may come from the belief that supernatural beings, or the souls of the dead, roamed the earth at this time and needed to be appeased.
_	Harney County District Attorney Charles W. Parfish would not let it drop, and filed a new indictment for manslaughter, acting on the belief that he would stand a better chance of pinning down the lesser charge.
_	Inuart is captured, tortured and brainwashed by Manah, eventually kidnapping Furiae in the belief that he can save her from her fate as the Goddess and earn her love.
_	In Paul emphasized the salvific value of the title, and stated that confessing by mouth ("homologeo") the belief that Jesus is Lord ("Kyrion Iesoun") signifies one's salvation.
_	It appealed to those in opposition of Calvinism, which includes the belief that the destiny of each individual is preordained.
_	In this depiction Heracles is moving from left to right, opposite the direction that a victor would take, prompting the belief that most of the Nessos Painter vessels are found in funerary settings.
_	In contrast, some have been critical of the sensory exploitation theory; they uphold the belief that, if female sexual swellings were not honest signals of female fertility, males would have evolved to identify differences in female quality or to have equal preference over females with different swelling sizes.
_	The United States privatized shrines and created the term "State Shinto" during the occupation of Japan to reform native Japanese ideas of church and state, under the belief that it had supported the rise of Japanese militarism before and during World War II.
_	action/2015 was a global coalition of more than 2200 organisations and networks from over 150 countries, united by the belief that 2015 was a critical year for progress in the fight against climate change, poverty and inequality.
_	Earthseed also promotes the belief that "The Destiny of Earthseed / Is to take root among the stars" ("The Parable of the Sower", Octavia E. Butler).
_	The Falleen seldom leave their world due to the belief that their species is superior to all others.
_	Wenham had the distinction of being a conservative theologian, a defender of Biblical inerrancy, and one who held to the position of "conditional immortality" – or the belief that the human soul is not by default eternal in nature; this belief goes hand in hand with the notion that sinners, once cast into hell, are at some point burned up and essentially no longer exist.
_	Her incomplete hulk initially was retained on the belief that it could be used as a target in nuclear weapons tests.
_	Based on the belief that children are "fragile, soulless beings", Na education focuses on nurturing children rather than on punishing them.
_	It tells the story of a man who joins a group of hippies who live and travel in Nepal, where they take drugs and practice free love in the belief that it will free them from materialism, only to meet disappointment.
_	Hick used Irenaeus' notion of two-stage creation and supported the belief that the second stage, being created into the likeness of God, is still in progress.
_	The Black World Today advocated that black people should invest in new technologies to increase progress in a knowledge-based global economy, in the belief that the mass medium of the internet can be a means for further empowerment in the U.S. and around the world.
_	The impetus for the program was the belief that film and video were useful tools for initiating social change and eliminating poverty.
_	She nurses him to health and pledges her love, but when the guilt-ridden Bardelys refuses to marry her, and in the belief that he is betrothed to another lady, she angrily turns him over to the king's men.
_	For the last race of the turbos, Ferrari apparently went along with its drivers plans with the belief that regardless of fuel issues, it was better to go out in the lead rather than plugging along in the wake of the McLarens.
_	Constructivism opposes the philosophy of objectivism, embracing the belief that a human can come to know the truth about the natural world not mediated by scientific approximations with different degrees of validity and accuracy.
_	While the spiral model presumes that states are fearful of each other, the deterrence model is based on the belief that states are greedy.
_	The 1983 documentary series "Unknown Chaplin" revealed previously unseen footage from this movie, including an alternate take where Purviance's character is shown playing a harp; an outtake in which Edna, playing the guitar, starts laughing (the documentary supports the belief that Purviance and Chaplin were romantically involved at the time); and several takes of a sequence in which Chaplin's character narrowly misses having his feet chopped off by an axe (accomplished by filming the scene backwards) - this sequence was never used in the final film.
_	Existential psychotherapy is a form of psychotherapy that, like the existential philosophy which underlies it, is founded upon the belief that human existence is best understood through an in-depth examination of our own experiences.
_	It was set up in 2010 to instill the belief that Fenor could go all the way in the Waterford Junior Hurling Championship for the first time in the club's history.
_	He does not speak until "Fallout", and his associate Eden McCain expresses the belief that he is mute.
_	Colby cooperated, not out of a desire for major reforms, but in the belief that the actual scope of such misdeeds was not great enough to cause lasting damage to the CIA's reputation.
_	Copeland has stated his hopes for similar accountability measures were he elected Lieutenant Governor in the belief that public oversight would demand greater discipline from state government.
_	The mission statement also states that PEP intends to devote significant effort and resources to achieving a fusion of peace, environmental, and social movements, in the belief that these causes are interdependent and none can succeed unless all succeed.
_	He also mentioned the belief that the hiding of the solidified urine was because lynxes had a "grudge against mankind", and deliberately hid what they knew to be highly beneficial objects for man.
_	Social justice educational leadership emphasizes the belief that all students can and will reach proficiency, without exceptions or excuses, and that schools ought to be organized to advance the equitable learning of all students.
_	In 1967 during the second wave of feminism, author Lew Louderback composed an essay entitled "More People Should be Fat!" that initiated a new movement with goals of correcting fat-shaming, and the belief that being fat is always indicative of being unhealthy.
_	This shift, whilst revolutionary, was made in the belief that madrasah students must master both religious and secular subjects.
_	Nussbaum has criticized Noam Chomsky as being among the leftist intellectuals who hold the belief that "one should not criticize one’s friends, that solidarity is more important than ethical correctness".
_	One example of their lack of new store acquisition, was their choice to not take space in the newly opened Merry Hill Shopping Centre, based upon the belief that trading out of a location in Netherton, and Brierley Hill was the better option.
_	Odd lot theory was predicated on the belief that one could outperform the stock market by identifying the least-informed investors and making investments opposite to them.
_	The social organization of the reductions has often been described as extremely efficient; most were self-supporting and even produced surpluses of goods, which they traded to outside communities, which laid the foundation of the belief that Jesuits were guarding immense riches acquired through Indian labour.
_	The fact that all six principle phylogeographic lineages are found in Africa combined with the belief that ancestral mycobacteria may have impacted early hominids in East Africa as early as three million years ago, once again point to the theory of "M. tuberculosis" originating in Africa and expanding alongside the human migration out of East Africa.
_	According to evidence by Harjot Oberoi, the belief that Punjab is the "homeland" of the Sikh community is a recent formulation.
_	Such a declaration is typically made when a person has been missing for an extended period of time and in the absence of any evidence that the person is still alive – or after a much shorter period but where the circumstances surrounding a person's disappearance overwhelmingly support the belief that the person has died (e.g., an airplane crash).
_	Here De Hory appears as an aggressive and persistent con man, who suckers Legros into the belief that he is a needy impoverished aristocrat deserving of Legros charity, whereas in reality he is a person wanted by Interpol under a multitude of different aliases and convicted of a variety of crimes, forgery and fraud not being the least of them.
_	In 2012, Sullivan sentenced Vitaly Borker, who threatened to rape and murder customers under the belief that negative reviews of his online eyeglass store would increase its Google PageRank, to four years in prison.
_	Its goal was to contain the Libyan invasion that had resulted in the loss of all Chadian territory north of the 16th parallel and was threatening the capital; a new offensive had been started on 10 February by Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi in the belief that there would be no French reaction.
_	Instead, the Japanese held fast to their traditional values of "bushido" ("the way of the warrior"), and had an educational system designed to indoctrinate every Japanese young man with the belief that there was no higher duty than to die for the emperor and every Japanese young woman there was no higher duty than to bear sons who would die for the emperor.
_	Where older or younger contestants were rejected in the belief that they were poor performers, this could well be the result of stereotyping.
_	Their loss has bowed their parents head down to dust of our reflections and their deaths have enlikened the belief that the dear jewels were wrongly treated.
_	He studied angina pectoris, describing the syndrome in "Les Angines de Poitrine" in 1925; he maintained the belief that coronary artery disease was the cause.
_	The results of their study led to a reversal of policy in publicly held residential developments and to the belief that segregated housing was undemocratic.
_	Polarity therapy founded by Randolph Stone is a kind of energy medicine based on the belief that a person's health is subject to positive and negative charges in their electromagnetic field.
_	She and Watson aimed to make family life reflect an empirical environment, based on the belief that behaviors were not hardwired at birth, but instead were acquired through conditioning.
_	Graham later revised his formula based on the belief that the greatest contributing factor to stock values (and prices) over the past decade had been interest rates.
_	For a time he was let out on bail, but on 7 Feb. 1683-4 he was tried with Mr. Hugh Speke at the king's bench on the accusation of conspiring to spread the belief that the Earl of Essex was murdered by some persons about him, and of endeavouring to suborn witnesses to testify the same.
_	Pachachi was then appointed Foreign Minister of Iraq in 1965 by President Abdul Salam Arif; he has stated the belief that his appointment to this position was at the behest of Gamel Abdel Nasser.
_	They came away from this experience with the belief that the Burmese situation could be improved through reform.
_	Pastor Manders had previously advised her to return to her husband despite his philandering, and she followed his advice in the belief that her love for her husband would eventually reform him.
_	This is done in the belief that the one who is getting hurt is the witch and not the bewitched.
_	Traditionally, members of Parliament have usually played a major role in selecting a party leaders, based largely on the belief that since a leader had to work closely with his parliamentary party, their views on who the leader should be had to be paramount.
_	Boece's translator John Bellenden substituted Dunstaffnage for Evonium which led to the belief that the Stone of Scone was once kept at Dunstaffnage Castle.
_	Indeed, orphanages and children's homes, along with children living with foster parents, were among the first groups targeted, in the belief that Poles deliberately and systemically Polonized ethnically German children.
_	One driving element was the belief that mathematics provided the key to understanding the created order of nature, frequently justified by Plato's "Timaeus" and the biblical passage (in the "Book of Wisdom") that God had "ordered all things in measure, and number, and weight".
_	Spirit possession is a term for the belief that animas, aliens, demons, extraterrestrials, gods, or spirits can take control of a human body.
_	Within possession cults, the belief that one is possessed by spirits is more common among women than men.
_	After an outbreak of sleeping sickness in the valley some years later it was moved to the present site in the belief that the higher plateau site would be more healthy.
_	In the belief that the Joseon fleet would never be restorable, King Seonjo, sent an edict to Admiral Yi to abandon the warships and take his men to join the ground forces under General Gwon Yul.
_	Sun-hee is a model employee who works diligently in the belief that once she gets promoted as a regular worker, she'll be able to provide more for her children.
_	Tensions were also increased by the belief that large sums of money were being exported to China.
_	From these stories, Barlow drew three themes important to Dick's anti-government writings: first, that humanity is often doomed by institutions of power created by the humans themselves; second, that paranoia is a natural aspect of governance, as "[n]o elite can ever completely trust the people it governs," and this distrust leaves a governed people in perpetual danger; and third, that the belief that individuality must be sacrificed—either for the sake of social stability or survival—is a constant threat.
_	Ishaan has constantly been in touch with a girl which led to the belief that he has an extra marital affair.
_	However, they are not theistic Satanist in the manner of believing in Satan as a god with a personality, but believe in dark deism, the belief that Satan is a presence in nature.
_	The "kerygma source" of prooftexts (contained within "1 Apol". 31–53) is believed to have had a Two Parousias Christology, characterized by the belief that Jesus first came in humility, in fulfillment of prophecy, and will return in glory as the Messiah to the Gentiles.
_	In George Orwell's novel "1984", the Ministry of Truth has an entire department devoted to altering past editions of newspapers in the belief that changing documentation will change the public's perception of history.
_	In his "Dictionary of Gnosticism", Andrew Phillip Smith has written that some branches of Gnosticism taught a panentheistic view of reality, and held to the belief that God exists in the visible world only as sparks of spiritual "light".
_	After the first immigrant generation arrived, many opened seafood and Chinese American restaurants out of the belief that they were more likely to succeed compared to Vietnamese restaurants.
_	His work is firmly grounded in the belief that conservation and humanity are inextricably linked.
_	By 1954, their manager Jimmy Johnson renamed the Schemers to the Four Fellows, the belief that the changed moniker would sound more professional for their upcoming performance on Ralph Cooper's television program "Spotlight on Harlem".
_	In addition to the belief that some historical figures were endowed with a predisposition to psychic experiences, some psychic abilities were thought to be available to everyone on occasion.
_	FOIA requests were made to the IRS in the belief that it would result in all of its Scientology files being collated in one place so that IRS attorneys could review them.
_	This type of activity management is influenced heavily from Peter Drucker’s theory on time management among knowledge workers, and the belief that the closest thing to our thoughts that we can measure are our actions and activities.
_	The use of pipers in the First World War was often criticized due to the belief that the sound of the bagpipes would not be heard during the battles, and that the pipers were too vulnerable since they did not have a weapon to defend themselves with against the enemy fire.
_	My mother always expressed the belief that if my father thought of his own affairs a little more and about those of the community a little less, the world would be a much better place to live in.
_	These factors are more influential in the division of labour than the belief that the labour should be divided evenly between the partners in same-sex couples.
_	Some pre-release publicity invited the belief that Dandridge received her first, and only, on-screen kiss with a white actor (Howard) in this film.
_	"The Hype about Hydrogen" contends that global warming and U.S. reliance on foreign fuel imports cannot be solved by the hypothetical hydrogen economy that has been advanced as a possible solution to these problems, and that "neither government policy nor business investment should be based on the belief that hydrogen cars will have meaningful commercial success in the near or medium term."
_	The Greeks believed amethyst gems could prevent intoxication, while medieval European soldiers wore amethyst amulets as protection in battle in the belief that amethysts heal people and keep them cool-headed.
_	However, the practice is a common source of criticism and questioning of Sikhism, including the belief that not cutting ones hair will cause it to grow to unacceptably long lengths.
_	Private schools in Australia may be favored for many reasons: prestige and the social status of the "old school tie"; better quality physical infrastructure and more facilities (e.g. playing fields, swimming pools, etc.), higher-paid teachers; and/or the belief that private schools offer a higher quality of education.
_	Bogdanovich voiced the belief that the work "would have been my masterpiece," but was unwilling to speak about Ford's motives in acting as he did.
_	The birds were sometimes blinded with a hot needle in the belief that this encouraged them to sing.
_	Some body builders use "T. terrestris" extract as a dietary supplement with the belief that it increases testosterone levels.
_	Animals such as chickens, pigeons and goats are sacrificed there because of the belief that the sacrificed animal there will make the god listen to the prayer.
_	Many people visit Jhakrithan due to the belief that the wishes asked there are always answered.
_	Myard said he discounted opinion that the unofficial visit was misguided - 'I'm of the belief that the devil has some smart things to say."
_	Ernst Mayr wrote that a survey of evolutionary literature and biology textbooks showed that as late as 1930 the belief that natural selection was the most important factor in evolution was a minority viewpoint, with only a few population geneticists being strict selectionists.
_	In the last two decades of the 18th century, the theory of polygenism, the belief that different races had evolved separately in each continent and shared no common ancestor, was advocated in England by historian Edward Long and anatomist Charles White, in Germany by ethnographers Christoph Meiners and Georg Forster, and in France by Julien-Joseph Virey.
_	Generally, Afghanistan’s goal to become a member rested in the belief that Afghanistan would develop economically and would benefit from trade-related freedoms and privileges.
_	The Shin Bet had been investigating him in the belief that he ran a major Hamas network in the West Bank, headed by Riad Nasser of Deir Qadis, near Ramallah, and that he was behind the kidnapping.
_	It reflects the belief that democracy is severely limited when the industrial system is controlled by any form of autocratic elite, whether of owners, managers, and technocrats, a 'vanguard' party, or a State bureaucracy".
_	In the letter, Darwin had expressed agreement with William Graham's claim that natural laws implied purpose and the belief that the universe was "not the result of chance", but again showed his doubts about such beliefs and left the matter as insoluble.
_	Although Islamic finance contains many prohibitions—such as on consumption of alcohol, gambling, uncertainty, etc. -- the belief that "all forms of interest are "riba" and hence prohibited" is the idea upon which it is based.
_	In countering the belief that free markets will always produce the economically best outcomes, Galbraith disputes the narrative of US economic history that goes with it.
_	Because of the belief that Sumire and Shuu are brother and sister they hide the fact that she is their daughter explaining her as being their youngest sister.
_	This movement lists its tenets on its website, stating that its members are guided by principles such as a belief in unconditional love, the belief that different spiritual pathways are possible and the commitment to the view that everything in the universe is ultimately interconnected with everything else.
_	Psychological studies of students participating in reacting games have shown students to gain an "elevated self-esteem and empathy, a more external locus of control, and greater endorsement of the belief that human characteristics are malleable compared with controls."
_	Feminist legal theory, also known as feminist jurisprudence, is based on the belief that the law has been fundamental in women's historical subordination.
_	The traditional term for a male falcon is "tercel" (British spelling) or "tiercel" (American spelling), from the Latin "tertius" (third) because of the belief that only one in three eggs hatched a male bird.
_	This has led to the belief that many chytrid species are ubiquitous and cosmopolitan.
_	He was a less distinguished amateur musician: according to a contemporary university magazine, "When George Lyttelton practises the cello, all the cats in the district converge upon his rooms in the belief that one of their members is in distress."
_	The public schools subscribed to the belief that sport formed an important part of education, an attitude summed up in the saying "mens sana in corpore sano", a sound mind in a sound body.
_	As such, in 1855 they concluded that "there is nothing improbable in the belief that the Elm on Boston Common is more than two hundred years old."
_	The church elders banned the GFI books for "stifling the mother's desire to comfort her children", for ascribing Biblical qualities to the concept of scheduled feeding, and for failing to address the church's concerns regarding theological issues such as human depravity (the belief that all people are born in slavery to the service of sin) and regeneration (the belief that people can experience spiritual rebirth in Christ).
_	Raconteur Theatre Company was founded on the belief that storytelling is essential to the human experience.
_	Where interdisciplinary studies had often been content to merely ignore the traditional academic disciplines, and run roughshod over disciplinary boundaries, the London Consortium preferred to describe its activities as "multidisciplinary", reflecting the belief that while the best research benefited from being approached from two or more disciplinary perspectives, it must also stand up to the most exacting standards of the disciplines.
_	Through her entire professional career and decades of community involvement as leader of Coro, the acclaimed non-profit civic affairs leadership training institution, and during her service to USC, Carol maintained the belief that civic engagement is the cornerstone of democracy.
_	A common misinterpretation of paradigms is the belief that the discovery of paradigm shifts and the dynamic nature of science (with its many opportunities for subjective judgments by scientists) are a case for relativism: the view that all kinds of belief systems are equal.
_	The volcano features cirques which were formerly considered to be craters, leading to the belief that eruptions occurred during the Holocene.
_	The Jacksonian democracy, an era that defined American beliefs in the early 1800s supported the “Manifest Destiny” (1840), which extended the belief that the United States should extend from the Pacific to the Atlantic coast.
_	Storms noted that in Anglo-Saxon magical praxes, specific ritual procedures would have had to have been performed in the belief that doing so would enable the magical operation to work.
_	This stems from the belief that spoken languages are superior to sign languages.
_	Maverick is dedicated to the belief that chamber music encompasses more than just the classical western European canon.
_	It is introduced as the protagonists, the repairmen Pompel and Pilt, sit down on it in the belief that it is a tuft of grass, a misconception that is gradually cleared up as the moffedille starts moving.
_	A piece of ethnographic evidence which has been invoked to support the belief that the Bulgars worshipped Tengri/Tangra is the relative similarity of the name "Tengri" to "Tură", the name of the supreme deity of the traditional religion of the Chuvash people, who are traditionally regarded as descendants of the Volga Bulgars.
_	The resulting detailed prints led to the belief that a person aiming a rifle at the President stood atop a car behind a wall near the path of the motorcade.
_	Villagers rejected this conclusion due to the belief that adultery must be punished with adultery.
_	This discovery led to the belief that Skalmantas was the long-sought ancestor of the Gediminids.
_	Chinese leaders expressed the belief that China's experience was directly applicable to the circumstances in many other countries, but they also stressed the importance of each country's suiting its revolution to its own conditions—creating ambiguity about China's position on "exporting" revolution.
_	Living Stage’s main philosophy is based in the belief that every one is born an artist and the act of creation is the ultimate act of self-affirmation.
_	Spirit screens are tied to the belief that evil spirits () cannot move around corners, hence the spirit screen blocks them from entering through the gate they shield.
_	The Heart Score, using Electrocardiography, was developed over 40 years ago to describe the correlation between the QRS (intraventricular conduction time) complexes and the performances of several elite versus average racehorses with the belief that a large heart correlated to athletic ability.
_	Another common error among early British observers was the belief that roaming Thug groups were tightly-knit fraternities or fixed groupings who traveled and murdered together in for many years.
_	A secure non-contingent self-esteem springs from the belief that one is ontologically acceptable and accepted.
_	Hagrid was expelled during his third year, after being caught in the company of Aragog, a dangerous acromantula: this already serious crime seemed worse than it was, due to the belief that the acromantula was "The Monster of Slytherin", and that Hagrid had released it from the Chamber of Secrets and allowed it to attack students.
_	The counter-view to unconditional election is conditional election, the belief that God chooses for eternal salvation those whom he foreknows will exercise their free will to respond to God's prevenient grace with faith in Christ.
_	Scholars of the Svetambara community itself tend to hold with the belief that there was only one Haribhadra.
_	The motivation for these projects was the belief that the “art world” was unnecessarily ethnocentric and elitist, and that art could have a much broader audience if it could also be seen outside the constraints of “official” art institutions.
_	Discussions often revolve around the belief that men are owed sex, idleness, loneliness, unhappiness, suicide, sexual surrogates, prostitutes and the acquirement of sex robots, as well as various attributes they believe increase one's desirability as a partner such as income or personality.
_	The organization does not offer treatment advice to patients, in the belief that patient safety requires this to be the responsibility of families working in conjunction with licensed clinical specialists in eating disorders treatment.
_	Historically, the "distinctive principles" of Reformed Presbyterians were political: they held to a continuing obligation of the Covenants, both National and Solemn League, upon all who had sworn them and upon all their descendants, and the belief that governmental rejection of such documents caused the government to become immoral or even undeserving of obedience.
_	However, with the production of the animated series, Pikachu was chosen as the primary mascot, in an attempt to appeal to female viewers and their mothers, and under the belief that the creature presented the image of a recognizable intimate pet for children.
_	In the distant past, Bruce Wayne, an apparent amnesiac, walks out of the cave where Anthro died in the prehistoric times and is discovered by a tribe of primitives led by Vandal Savage, who attempts to kill Wayne in the belief that he is a member of the "Sky People."
_	They stem from the belief that language development could result from an adaptation, an exaptation, or a by-product.
_	Such games reflected the belief that the enterprising American – regardless of his background, humble or privileged – would be rewarded under the American capitalist system, and insinuated that success was equated with increased social status via the accumulation of wealth.
_	An example was in Hawaii, where European Americans, particularly sugar planters, supported legislation to quarantine persons with leprosy in the belief that this would prevent its transmission.
_	In particular, geographers gave European states the reason of environmental determinism, which is the belief that the environment shapes character and culture.
_	Fruit bodies are eaten with food after cooking, in the belief that they relieve body pain.
_	Most Christian groups conceive of God as Triune, having the belief that God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Spirit are distinct persons, but one being that is wholly God.
_	John also challenges the belief that Wilfrid was fond of pomp, pointing out that the comparison between the Irish missionaries who walked and Wilfrid who rode ignores the reality that the quickest method of travel in the Middle Ages was on horseback.
_	A major theme within ecofeminism is the belief that there is a strong connection between the domination of women and the domination of nature, and that both must be eradicated in order to end oppression.
_	Political commentator Michael Chugani agreed that public anger existed due to the belief that Hong Kong society had become too unfair, and that the verdict was confirmation to some of this view.
_	Her article “Animal Skins in Contemporary Art” suggests that, “Traditional taxidermy pushes forward the belief that animals "are" their skin.”
_	In fact, the belief that cows are a sign of wealth and value undergirds an Ila funeral tradition.
_	Motivations for convergence include the belief that it will result in increased comparability between financial statements, which will benefit a variety of stakeholders.
_	This allowed the belief that the state should serve society, not vice versa, birthing Western liberalism.
_	A discovery regarding preserved structures that appear to be nasal capsules confirms the belief that the external nasal openings lay on the dorsal side of the head near the eyes.
_	Refusing to accept it as a fact, he clings on to the belief that she is still alive.
_	The Reformation began in 1517 when the Catholic monk Martin Luther wrote his 95 Theses, which denounced the wealth and corruption of the church, as well as many Catholic beliefs, including the institution of the papacy and the belief that, in addition to faith in Christ, "good works" were also necessary for salvation.
_	Many Bahamians adhere to socially conservative Christian denominations, which generally promote the belief that homosexuality and cross dressing are signs of decadence and immorality.
_	During 1860 there had been no new convict arrivals in the colony, leading to the belief that transportation had ceased.
_	She is not deluded by the belief that the sage will marry her, and asks for virginity to ensure her future status in society.
_	Rather than tossing the men into the sea, as historian William James suggests they should have done, Thompson instead ordered one of the British boats to be repaired and launched to transport him to the French ship and bring back Captain Lejoille in the belief that he would end the looting.
_	In this work she did not dismiss the Murrayite witch-cult theory, but she did undermine the belief that Wicca was the survival of it by highlighting the various false claims made by Gardner, Cochrane, and Sanders, instead emphasising what she perceived as the religion's value for the modern era.
_	The Bulgarian monarch seemed secure in the belief that king Tomislav would honour the peace.
_	It is based on the belief that users of a site will become frustrated and often leave if they cannot find the information within the three clicks.
_	Although supported by the Indian Office in the belief that Protestantism would ‘elevate’ Crows, the first Unitarian mission established at the Little Bighorn in 1886 by Henry F. Bond failed to win support from the Crow community.
_	Cumberland alluded to the belief that such orders had been found upon the bodies of fallen Jacobites.
_	Schweitzer, the pastor's son, grew up in this exceptional environment of religious tolerance, and developed the belief that true Christianity should always work towards a unity of faith and purpose.
_	In the novel as well as in the series, he sets up Dexter's Bachelor Party and kidnaps him to get him there (where, in the belief that he had been kidnapped by Ramon Prado, Dexter slugged Vince in the eye just as he opened the car trunk).
_	Bill of Rights socialism is the belief that the United States Bill of Rights advocated for a socialist society, and that if need be, a new American Bill of Rights that explicitly advocated for that should be made.
_	Lipman writes that the belief that illegal migrants are exploiting the US economy and that they cost more in services than they contribute to the economy is "undeniably false".
_	The project does not subscribe to the belief that the Internet and new media are replacing more traditional forms or communication, but that through proper integration of all the technology available students will have a greater chance of success in STEM learning.
_	Risse rejects the belief that the global order Pogge is referring to is shaped by the "sheer existence of states" but Pogge rejects this idea also.
_	Samina Yasmeen wrote in "Communal Politics in Punjab (1926–1948)," "the birth of the Unionist Party, though, was a tool to implement British policy, yet it would be not fair to ignore the contribution of those people who had joined the party with the belief that it will stand for the development of rural masses and would play its role for equitable distribution of monetary resources.
_	A number of deaths and illnesses among the whites working at Franklinford in 1847-48 also caused many Dja Dja Wurrung to leave on the belief that the ground at Franklinford was "malignant".
_	The reason given for the inadvisability of cousin marriages is most frequently the belief that the offspring of such marriages will be feeble.
_	Enlightenment writers such as Voltaire promoted research into Zoroastrianism in the belief that it was a form of rational Deism, preferable to Christianity.
_	Many supporters of Opus Dei have expressed the belief that the criticisms of Opus Dei stem from a generalized disapproval of spirituality, Christianity, or Catholicism.
_	As described by Pauline Clance and Joe Langford, the imposter phenomenon is the internalization of the belief that one's luck, hard work, or manipulation of others is the source of one's success, not true competence.
_	Criticism and scepticism stemmed from the belief that, at a time of recession and rising unemployment in the UK, millions of pounds in tax funds were used for the wedding's security.
_	The band being covered in mud was a result of pre-concert backstage play, contrary to the belief that it was an attention-grabbing ploy, thus making it difficult for Reznor to navigate the stage:
_	Racism is defined as the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics or abilities specific to that race.
_	The new policy also emanates from the belief that investments in mitigation are much more cost effective than expenditure on relief and rehabilitation.
_	Paul's views are generally attributed to those of non-interventionism, which is the belief that the United States should avoid entangling alliances with other nations, but still retain diplomacy, and avoid all wars not related to direct territorial self-defense.
_	Pardo did so in the belief that when Dagan retired, he would be offered the job.
_	Garrido also often professed the belief that he was a chosen servant of God.
_	The goddess is offered sacrificial animal in this ritual in the belief that it stimulates her violent vengeance against the buffalo demon.
_	In the course of his duties he was accused of abusing his position as a shop steward with regards to the allocation of overtime, in the belief that he was using his power to ensure his shift had all of the overtime.
_	He stated that there would be no further attempts at the freaks theme because he has come to the belief that there needs to be more "positive themes" in shonen manga; but will still use it in terms of design.
_	The colonial administrator and explorer Sir Harry H. Johnston noted that Broadley was "very orthodox on account of his father" and "was led into rude interruptions of any speech which traversed the belief that the Earth was only six or seven thousand years old".
_	The Bear Cartel was acting on the belief that the Bulls would be short of cash to complete the transactions and would be ready for settlement under the "Badla" trading system operative in the Bombay Stock Exchange.
_	They are one of the best known of a few extremist Shi‘a sects who adopt the belief that the angel Jibra’il (Gabriel) was mistaken when passing on the prophecy to Muhammad instead of Ali.
_	In this respect, one can see information science as a response to technological determinism, the belief that technology "develops by its own laws, that it realizes its own potential, limited only by the material resources available and the creativity of its developers.
_	Politically, state socialism is often used to designate any socialist political ideology or movement that advocates for the use of state power for the construction of socialism, or to the belief that the state must be appropriated and used to ensure the success of a socialist revolution.
_	It is founded in the belief that involvement in sports at any level increases self-esteem, encourages independence and enhances quality of life.
_	As the Allied army holds Council, Kellen reiterates the belief that the many attacks are meant to divide the Allied forces and stop them from interfering with what he believes to be the Endarkened's ultimate goal, Armethalieh.
_	Church leaders previously encouraged this with one former church employee stating in 1986 that he had experienced pressure to marry at the age of 24 in the belief that it would change his homosexual feelings later resulting in a divorce.
_	One such case was Jered Weaver, who was dismissed by many scouts on the belief that he was more cut out for basketball than baseball.
_	Quenthel meanwhile, her strength and faith fully restored, continues to move towards Lolth, fully in the belief that she is the Yor'thae.
_	This daily meditation practice led Dehner to the belief that the solution to his "painful experience of self doubt" was to devote his life to other people.
_	Among his early influences were the writings of John Ruskin, which instilled in him the belief that everyone should have access to great art.
_	This was a common practice in the 1860s and was thought to stem from the belief that the public would not buy it if they knew it wasn't English.
_	It is the belief that cognitive development is best represented by physical theories rather than theories based on syntax and AI.
_	The dissemination of Positivist ideology among young officers brought further complications, as Positivism opposed the monarchy under the belief that a dictatorial republic would bring improvements.
_	The anthropological model in Gestalt theoretical psychotherapy is the belief that the therapist should not only focus on ‘inner components’ of the client, but also focus on the interaction between the client and their environment that effect their experience and behavior.
_	Conservative mujahidin leaders waging a jihad (struggle) against foreign encroachment, both military and ideological, were imbued with the belief that sexual anarchy and social ruin would result if women continued to move freely in public.
_	The DI was founded on the belief that the Canadian mining and NGO presence in emerging markets can be a force for positive change.
_	When the system targets Cruise, instead of fleeing, he remains in the vicinity in the belief that the system will, in its inexorable logic, correct itself.
_	All open politics share some very basic assumptions however including the belief that online deliberation can improve decisions.
_	For many years its bark was taken by Christians in the belief that it had miraculous properties.
_	Stearns credits Botstein with instilling in him a commitment to teaching, and the belief that teaching and research go hand-in-hand.
_	In 2006, a few months after the couple's second wedding, the writers complicated JR and Babe's relationship by having JR try to kill Babe due to a mental breakdown and the belief that he would be saving their son.
_	Nonpartisanship also was an historical accident that occurred in the 1913 session when a bill to provide for no party elections of judges and city and county officers was amended to include the Legislature in the belief that it would kill the bill.
_	The Bund which published the booklet thought that Zhitlowsky's introduction was not sufficiently revolutionary and too nationalistic, because the author expressed the belief that the rebirth of the Yiddish language and literature would lead to the national and social awakening of the Jewish people.
_	Historical evidence suggests that juries indicted a greater number of potential offenders than the judicial system could handle in the belief that many troublemakers—especially the landless—would leave the country altogether.
_	This symbolism also illustrates the belief that the government (as represented by the Garuda) is the vehicle (or instrument) of the king.
_	It is named after the mythical island of Thule in the belief that the island is Scandinavia.
_	The claim, not based on any earlier record, seems to have originated in the belief that Barnard was Prince Frederick's son by his mistress Anne Vane, the daughter of Lord Barnard, as has been stated by one genealogist, but since Anne died in 1736, that is not possible.
_	In the 2nd century Roman Empire, a belief that the death of one could rejuvenate the health of another was widespread, and Hadrian had been ill for many years; in this scenario, Antinous could have sacrificed himself in the belief that Hadrian would have recovered.
_	Some Christian groups, such as Seventh-day Adventists, hold to mortalism, the belief that the human soul is not naturally immortal, and is unconscious during the intermediate state between bodily death and resurrection.
_	These Christians also hold to Annihilationism, the belief that subsequent to the final judgement, the wicked will cease to exist rather than suffer everlasting torment.
_	Newspaper articles stated the belief that the bombing was intended to attack the LGBT community; no persons who died in the incident were members of the LGBT community.
_	Instead, she approached art instruction under the belief that artist and product should be integrated and often looked to her own emotions for expression and a source of creativity.
_	Charles had been encouraged in the belief that, if he married, the pope would recognise him as King of England and Scotland, and France might provide funds for another Jacobite rising.
_	The term "entitlement" here refers specifically to the belief that a bisexual can be and are viewed as straight in some public spheres and thus enjoy the benefits of equality that come along with "assumed heterosexuality."
_	He devised HB 2281 under the belief that the program was teaching "destructive ethnic chauvinism and that Mexican American students are oppressed".
_	Furthermore, a study conducted in Baylor College of Medicine revolving around children claims that there is no evidence which supports the belief that acquiring an active video game under naturalistic circumstance would result in a beneficial outcome toward children.
_	This may stem from an enchantment whose conditions the hero or heroine has broken, as in "East of the Sun and West of the Moon", or because the lover has been enchanted into forgetting the hero or heroine, as in "The Master Maid", or merely from the belief that the true hero or heroine is dead or lost, as in "Maid Maleen".
_	However, Hildegard maintained the belief that the root of disease was a compromised relationship between a person and God.
_	In practice, polytheism is not just the belief that there are multiple gods; it usually includes belief in the existence of a specific pantheon of distinct deities.
_	This disconnect may be the result of the belief that social behavior in humankind is radically different from the social behavior in animals because of the human capacity for language use and rationality.
_	In Ann Arbor, Michigan arguments over IRV in letters to newspapers included the belief that IRV "gives minority candidate voters two votes", because some voters' ballots may count for their first choice in the first round and a lesser choice in a later round.
_	Johnson felt this secrecy about wealth arises from fear of contradicting the belief that their society is a meritocracy, and enables the wealthy to avoid having to justify the power and privilege bestowed by their wealth.
_	Despite this, the belief that "P. ostreatus" could damage New Zealand's forestry industry has led New Zealand to ban its importation.
_	This was due to the belief that the softer sound of "Just Say When" was most likely out of the album to appeal outside of the band's core hard rock fanbase and into the alternative rock, indie rock, and pop music radio stations and markets, in an effort to maximize the band's exposure from the Grammy Nominations.
_	And as a result of his great struggles he received that precious acquisition, the belief that God is love.
_	Egalitarianism refers to socializing children with the belief that all people are equal and should be treated with a common humanity.
_	Others such as Ann Widdecombe have left Anglicanism altogether for the Roman Catholic or Eastern Orthodox churches, in the belief that liberal doctrinal changes in the Anglican churches have gone too far.
_	Brunstad Christian Church places its basis of faith in the New Testament and the belief that the Bible is the word of God.
_	Phonocentrism is the belief that sounds and speech are inherently superior to, or more primary than, written language.
_	Oralism is the belief that deaf students should use sounds, speech reading, and primarily English instead of signs in their education.
_	In the belief that her days are numbered, Carmen gives in to Husky's advances, abandoning Joe for the luxurious life Husky can offer her.
_	This, Plantinga argued, epistemically defeats the belief that naturalistic evolution is true and that ascribing truth to naturalism and evolution is internally dubious or inconsistent.
_	Hylotheism (from Gk. "hyle", 'matter' and "theos", 'God') is the belief that matter and God are the same, so in other words, defining God as matter.
_	Criticism ranged from Richard Stallman's finding no evidence of a flight to closed systems and his message that software developers need control and software patents must end, to a request for cost-benefit analysis, to the belief that netizenship won't scale to the business world to faith that consumers will buy only open, non-proprietary systems.
_	However, the decisive reason for Clovis to adopt the Christian faith was the belief that he received spiritual battle aid from Christ.
_	In defending this view, reliabilists (and externalists generally) are apt to point to examples from simple acts of perception: if one sees a bird in the tree outside one's window and thereby gains the belief that there is a bird in that tree, one might not at all understand the cognitive processes that account for one's successful act of perception; nevertheless, it is the fact that the processes worked reliably that accounts for why one's belief is justified.
_	In short, one finds one holds a belief about the bird, and that belief is justified if any is, but one is not acquainted at all with the processes that led to the belief that justified one's having it.
_	Even during heavy rains lashing the seas, the fishermen without caring for their lives would jump into the seas with the belief that Goddess Maariamma would protect them by not allowing any accident to occur and thereby protecting the entire Mogaveera Samaja.
_	It was founded with the belief that harmony between knowledge and will was necessary to create a well-rounded person.
_	He is known for promoting "realized eschatology", the belief that Jesus' references to the kingdom of God meant a present reality rather than a future apocalypse.
_	In the early nineteenth century, the German theologian Julius Wegscheider defined pantheism as the belief that God and the world established by God are one and the same.
_	The monastery became associated with St. Catherine of Alexandria through the belief that her relics were miraculously transported there.
_	He published a half dozen works on phrenology (the belief that personality traits could be determined by examining the dimensions of a person's skull) between 1830 and 1838.
_	None of the three can provide a verifiable alibi for the time of the murder, so Inspector Thornton (Garry Marsh) decides to shadow them in the belief that sooner or later the guilty party will betray himself.
_	It was the basis for social Darwinism, the belief that helping the poor and sick would get in the way of evolution, which depends on the survival of the fittest.
_	Falun Gong's cosmology includes the belief that different ethnicities each have a correspondence to their own heavens, and that individuals of mixed race lose some aspect of this connection.
_	She is working to overcome the belief that dead bodies are dangerous and can only be handled by trained professionals using technical equipment and specialized facilities.
_	That mission carries the belief that a college education is a right rather than a privilege, and that every student deserves a chance to pass through that gateway to success in life.
_	Comments like these reinforced the belief that the Duke and Duchess held Nazi sympathies and the effect of the abdication crisis of 1936 was to force off the throne a man with extreme political opinions.
_	The veneration of the amla tree in particular is due to the belief that the deity Vishnu resides in and near the tree, particularly on Amalaka Ekadashi.
_	The impetus for the program was the belief that film and video were useful tools for initiating social change and eliminating poverty.
_	He also believed in idealism, which is the belief that we only know things because of the meanings that we apply to them.
_	In A Short History of Louisbourg, Katharine explains her commitment to the museum: "The museum was built in the belief that a visual memorial is a necessary adjunct to a living past, and it is far more illuminating than the most eloquent words."
_	In 1976, while Van Flandern was employed by the USNO, he began to promote the belief that major planets sometimes explode.
_	Furthermore, "Sandstorm" corrects many false ideas about deserts, such as the belief that quicksands are commonly found in the desert; the book explains that quicksands require water to form, and are usually found near an oasis, although quicksands are still rare even there.
_	The Mutapa state arose in the fifteenth century from the northward expansion of the Great Zimbabwe tradition, having been founded by Nyatsimba Mutota from Great Zimbabwe after he was sent to find new sources of salt in the north; (this supports the belief that Great Zimbabwe's decline was due to a shortage of resources).
_	The novel deals with nihilism, the belief that traditional morals, ideas, beliefs, etc., have no worth or value.
_	His regiment encounters a small group of Confederates, and in the ensuing fight Henry proves to be a capable soldier, comforted by the belief that his previous cowardice had not been noticed, as he "had performed his mistakes in the dark, so he was still a man".
_	However, human beings can never find fulfillment because Freedom is lost by the obedience to laws; Actions are made useless by the belief that this world is meaningless compared to a higher, spiritual world or afterlife; Ethics is never attained because participation in economics does not lead into abundance for all but the success of a few to the detriment of the majority.
_	In "The Secret Doctrine", Blavatsky articulated the belief that in the beginning of time there was absolute nothingness.
_	More specifically, it has been seen by Batson as comprising a willingness to view religious doubts in a positive manner, acceptance that religious orientation can change and existential complexity, the belief that one's religious beliefs should be shaped from personal crises that one has experienced in one's life.
_	One type of reductionism is the belief that all fields of study are ultimately amenable to scientific explanation.
_	Such commentators define "soft" dominionism as the belief that "America is a Christian nation" and opposition to separation of church and state, while "hard" dominionism refers to dominion theology and Christian reconstructionism.
_	Goodman’s next book was "The Genesis Mystery: the Sudden Appearance of Man" and according to Paul Dean of the Los Angeles Times it is “something of an academic brush with scientific creationism, the belief that a divine surge, without explicit adherence to the Bible, created modern man… 250,000 years ago.”.
_	Some sources are of the belief that the sawfilers were never sent out on specific missions but instead acted as unknowing spies, only having contact with the Okhrana who interrogated them regarding their experiences when they returned to Russia.
_	Despite having already worked with Etude House in 2010 alongside her group, the makeup brand sought to continue with her for an additional two years with the belief that her image would be a "good influence" to potential buyers.
_	He recalled our little unpleasantness the night previous and said he did not believe there was cause for alarm, and was so impressed with the belief that he had not taken the precaution to throw out scouts in the direction the Sioux were reported to be.
_	On the belief that humans have souls and that animals do not, MacDougall later measured the changes in weight from fifteen dogs after death.
_	Until the late 1970s, sex involving an adult female and an underage male was often ignored by the law, due to the belief that it is often sexual initiation for the younger male.
_	Underlying this constitutional safeguard is the belief that:
_	Instead, he tells the jury that the issue of abortion goes to the core of the human person, saying humans are united in the belief that every life is special and has dignity, which is why the violence of Grogan's act should be condemned.
_	Amyraldism (or sometimes Amyraldianism, also known as the School of Saumur, hypothetical universalism, post redemptionism, moderate Calvinism, or four-point Calvinism) is the belief that God, prior to his decree of election, decreed Christ's atonement for all alike if they believe, but seeing that none would believe on their own, he then elected those whom he will bring to faith in Christ, thereby preserving the Calvinist doctrine of unconditional election.
_	He adopted a monochromatic and neutral color palette in the belief that such a palette would emphasize the subject matter.
_	He based his record-breaking attempt on the belief that Randy Gardner was officially recognized by the "Guinness Book of Records" as holding the deprivation record of 264 hours, However, the Guinness record was actually for 11½ days, or 276 hours, and was set by Toimi Soini in Hamina, Finland from February 5 to the 15th, 1964. and Wright did not in fact break the Guinness record.
_	In the rubric of Terry itself, a "man of reasonable caution" would have been warranted in the belief that it was appropriate to frisk the 12 or so persons in the vicinity of the bar for weapons.
_	The Hungarians retreat also served as was part of their psychological warfare, which had the goal to induce self-confidence in Berengar and the belief that he already won the war against them, with this lulling his vigilance.
_	The separatist denounced that members of the "Azov" battalion shelled civilian residences in Shyrokyne in the belief that the houses were the headquarters of the militias in the area.
_	In the US and Europe there are several "radon spas", where people sit for minutes or hours in a high-radon atmosphere in the belief that low doses of radiation will invigorate or energize them.
_	Robert Christison had questioned the validity of the belief that women patients would want women doctors, his own enquiries leading him to believe the opposite to be true.
_	Contrary to the belief that Hispanics are "lazy," a study by Andrew J. Fuligni has shown that "students from ethnic minority backgrounds often have higher levels of motivation than their equally achieving peers from European backgrounds…
_	In the folklore of Northern England, there was the belief that a boggart should never be named, for when the boggart was given a name, it would not be reasoned with nor persuaded, but would become uncontrollable and destructive.
_	The lack of personal belongings in the settlement also lead to the belief that the people were given enough time to gather their most precious belongings before leaving.
_	Toward this issue, Eakin was of the belief that the talks were premature, stating the belief that the citizens were content with the current situation and did not see any advantage to provincial status.
_	That was result of the belief that federal law pre-empted, under the Supremacy Clause, the law of California.
_	According to Coppola, the studio's objection stemmed from the belief that audiences would be reluctant to see a film with such a title, as the audience would supposedly believe that, having already seen "The Godfather", there was little reason to see an addition to the original story.
_	A number of fans have expressed the belief that Captain Halloran might have been one of Flagg's many aliases, especially as he said to Dr. Freedman, "we played poker once," which Captain Halloran had.
_	In Barbados, Sansevieria is also popularly referred to as the "money plant", with the belief that the person having it will always have money.
_	During one such campaign which results in the slaughter of three-quarters of a million people in a single pitched battle, Khadaji snaps and deserts while experiencing a religious epiphany which instills him the belief that taking the lives of sapient beings is wrong and that the Confed must be overthrown.
_	Very good evidence exists for the belief that both there and Ras-ul-Ain, also in the same desert, the people were massacred wholesale as soon as they left the villages where they had been quartered.
_	The Colored Teachers State Association of Texas pushed for better educational opportunities arguing against the belief that black minds were only suited for industrial training.
_	It was considered a great honour to win the comedic prize at the City Dionysia, despite the belief that comedies were of secondary importance.
_	A Chinese work from the 3rd century BC mentions: "Foreigners wear it [diamond] in the belief that it can ward off evil influences".
_	Although the media and police are unanimous in the belief that these murders are the work of a psychopath, Wycliffe believes the solution may be a bit more complex.
_	Under the belief that the second round of the competition had been the semifinals, the American swimmers did not appear for the third round.
_	Criticism of the document is based on the belief that the laws in the Hindu Code bill should apply to all citizens regardless of religious affiliation.
_	Mothers Off Duty (M.O.D.) was a nonprofit, 501(c) (3) women's organization, founded in 1991 in the belief that the duties of motherhood extend beyond the immediate family.
_	He deliberately placed himself in opposition to Saadia, who had held fast to the belief that the witch of En-dor had brought Samuel to life again, that the serpent had spoken to Eve, and the ass to Balaam, even though he felt himself compelled to explain the wonders by supplying the intermediary agency of angels.
_	Henderson argued that Britain should go about rearmament in secret, as a public rearmament would encourage the belief that Britain planned to go to war with Germany.
_	The early Christians lived in the belief that the End of the World would soon come upon them, and saw no point in planning new families and having children.
_	A leading newspaper owner was granted a personal loan of about $45,000, "in the belief that this would make his organ amenable to our purposes."
_	In his memoirs, her son expressed the belief that she would have made a successful operatic soprano.
_	The design was chosen with the belief that if one boiler or set of valve gear was damaged by enemy fire, the loco could continue to operate.
_	Former CIA analyst Michael Scheuer argues that terrorist attacks (specifically al-Qaeda attacks on targets in the United States) are "not" motivated by a religiously inspired hatred of American culture or religion, but by the belief that U.S. foreign policy has oppressed, killed, or otherwise harmed Muslims in the Middle East, condensed in the phrase "They hate us for what we do, not who we are."
_	Some of the titles of the Bennu bird were "He Who Came Into Being by Himself", and "Lord of Jubilees"; the latter epithet referred to the belief that the Bennu periodically renewed itself like the sun.
_	The fossil was reclassified into the genus "Eumops" in 1963 on the belief that the original fossil did not show a bat with a single lower incisor, but rather the fossil jaw was missing an incisor and the species actually had two lower incisors.
_	Wrather did not want to encourage the belief that the 65-year-old Moore would be playing the role in the new picture.
_	As calabashes were believed to have the magical power of protecting children from smallpox gourd charms are used with the belief that they keep children healthy as the belief is that the God of smallpox and the measles would transfer the smallpox from the child into the gourd charm.
_	Other reasons included a fear of sexually transmitted infections, a lack of desire, being afraid of getting caught, and the belief that sex was not appropriate for someone of their age.
_	Elster strongly argued that social scientific explanations had to be built on top of methodological individualism (the belief that only individuals, not larger entities like "organizations" or "societies", can actually do things) and microfoundations (explaining big societal changes in terms of individual actions).
_	He criticized Marxists and other social scientists for believing in functionalism (the belief that institutions exist because of their effect on society) and instead tried to give Marxism a foundation in game theory (the economic notion that people make choices based on the expected benefits and the choices others are likely to make).
_	Of course, this confirmation depends upon the belief that when God elected certain individuals for salvation, He either did not know or did not consider who would respond and obey, though the Apostle Peter refers to the "Elect according to the foreknowledge of God the Father, through sanctification of the Spirit, unto obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ".
_	Nor am I deceiving myself into the belief that I will accomplish what I am trying to bring about, the abolition of personal advertisements in mycology.
_	The financially hard-pressed Austrian government have arranged a secret deal with the Swiss, but an officious Austrian customs officer is unaware of this and arrests the Swiss representatives in the belief that they are wanted criminals.
_	The journal of one of the men serving under Hartley gave light to the belief that the area where the massacre of Queen Esther happened is cursed.
_	Stow records that Whittington’s body was dug up by the then Rector Thomas Mountain, during the reign of Edward VI, in the belief that he had been buried with treasure.
_	An overwhelming majority of Democrats (93%) and independents (83%) believed that he was born in the U.S. Support for the belief that Obama was born outside the U.S. was strongest in the South, where only 47% of those polled believed he was born in the U.S., compared with an average of 90% of residents of the Northeast, Midwest and West.
_	Inside the van were plastic ties of the same type used to bind Tanya, plastic gloves, and various receipts, including the Bremerton-Seattle ferry ticket, confirming the belief that the couple had taken the second ferry.
_	Strong agnosticism is the belief that it is impossible for humans to know whether or not any deities exist.
_	Beliefs regarding Gaia vary, ranging from the belief that Gaia is the Earth to the belief that she is the spiritual embodiment of the earth, or the Goddess of the Earth.
_	They are frequently less-tested, given the belief that few product users will, in practice, exercise the product at multiple simultaneous maximum settings.
_	The legend originated from the belief that Isabel Flores de Oliva concocted a deadly storm to prevent Dutch pirates from attacking the city of Lima in 1615.
_	Some British citizens, such as William Digby, agitated for policy reforms and famine relief, but Lord Lytton, the governing British viceroy in India, opposed such changes in the belief that they would stimulate shirking by Indian workers.
_	Some "eco-terrorists" are people fighting to preserve their environment with the belief that they are preserving their existence.
_	Alannah and Madeline's father, Walter Mikac, Phil West and a small group of volunteers including Gaye and John Fidler who survived Port Arthur, established the Foundation in the girls' memory, a national charity with the belief that all children should have a safe and happy childhood without being subjected to any form of violence.
_	Although the Hitler-Stalin pact had served Germany's interests well, both strategically and economically, his whole career had been based on anti-communism and the belief that "Jewish Bolshevism" was the main threat to Germany and the Aryan race..
_	Like much Celtic coinage, the gold coins minted at Manching are distinctively concave, even cup-shaped, (in German, such coins are traditionally known as "Regenbogenschüsselchen" or rainbow cups, a term derived from the belief that they are connected with the treasure to be found at the foot of a rainbow).
_	A multi-partial facilitation approach differs from facilitator-advocate approaches in that it is equally invested in the participation and growth of all dialogue participants; it encourages self-reflection and awareness through engagement rather than direct confrontation, an approach based on the belief that “people who are not feeling threatened are more open to discussing their feelings and interests and are more open to discussing the effects the conflict is having on both groups.”
_	Governments may intervene because of the belief that an institution is "too big to fail" or "too interconnected to fail", meaning that allowing them to enter bankruptcy would create or increase systemic risk, meaning disruptions to the credit markets and to the real economy.
_	In fact, such churches hold to the belief that seminaries are an institution of man and not supported by Holy Scripture.
_	Historically, the belief that these five crimes were committed by the same man is derived from contemporary documents that link them together to the exclusion of others.
_	D'souza has said some Christians define "Hinduism" too broadly, attacking elements of classical Brahminism and Hinduism such as the caste system and the belief that God is impersonal.
_	Children were often baptised rapidly, by laymen and occasionally by midwives, because of the belief that children that died unbaptised would be dammed.
_	Underlying this concept is the belief that money can be saved through economies of scale by selling one large bond issue to finance several small projects.
_	This is part of the belief that changes occurred during the period that print culture scholars, such as Eisenstein, ignored.
_	He did make it clear that the issue was not personal to the appointed fellow vice-principal, stating "I am firmly of the belief that had this information about this personal conflict been made available at the appropriate time an alternative appointment process would have been instigated, one with more than a single, hand-picked candidate, selected by you.
_	The Offset Figure Eight Bend, a similar knot using the figure-eight knot, has been used in the belief that its greater size and complexity brings more security.
_	Racism is defined as the belief that physical characteristics determine cultural traits, and that racial characteristics make some groups superior.
_	Around October 1995, according to Catherine Mair, a friend, Wilson developed the belief that her biological mother’s death was not as she had been told.
_	The first AHDR aimed to take stock of development challenges and opportunities throughout the Arab States, driven by the belief that an accurate diagnosis of a problem is an important part of the solution.
_	Jackson took a moral tone, with the belief that agrarian sympathies, and a limited view of states rights and the federal government, would produce less corruption.
_	The character of a mineral, plant or animal is hypothesised to have been formed by the substances that are most active within it, in the belief that this character may also influence what the substance will accomplish when given to treat another organism.
_	When no others appeared, he came to the belief that the trenches were in Australian hands and ran across the junction into a wide bay.
_	The 1957 Crittenden Report of the United States Navy Board of Inquiry concluded that there was "no sound basis for the belief that homosexuals posed a security risk" and criticized the prior Hoey Report: "No intelligence agency, as far as can be learned, adduced any factual data before that committee with which to support these opinions" and said that "the concept that homosexuals necessarily pose a security risk is unsupported by adequate factual data."
_	In conjunction with his Eurocentric view on human evolution in Europe as being separate from Africa, Keith shared scientific racist views with a number of other intellectuals and writers during the 1920s, often based on Galtonism and the belief that opposition to cross-breeding in animals could be applied to miscegenation.
_	Along with official war correspondent Charles Bean, Murdoch continued to lobby for Monash's demotion by appealing directly to Australian Prime Minister Billy Hughes and misleading him into the belief that the A.I.F.'s senior officers were strongly opposed to Monash.
_	As Barfield explains it, it is the belief that "intellectually, humanity languished for countless generations in the most childish errors on all sorts of crucial subjects, until it was redeemed by some simple scientific dictum of the last century."
_	During the tail end of the Cold War, U.S. peace activists largely concentrated on slowing the superpower arms race in the belief that this would reduce the possibility of nuclear war between the U.S. and the USSR.
_	In 2014, Old Lesbians Organizing for Change (OLOC) issued an "Anti-Sexism Statement" which states, "Men run the world and women are supposed to serve according to the belief that men are superior to women, which is patriarchy.
_	Burgundian partisans at the University of Paris published a treatise justifying this as tyrannicide in the belief that the Duke of Orléans had been plotting to kill the king and usurp the throne.
_	Before 2005, there was a custom to pick up a stone at a certain distance from the peak and carry it to the supposed site of the church in the belief that when a sufficient quantity of stones were collected, the church would rebuild itself.
_	He held fast to the belief that Mary was a perpetual virgin and Mother of God.
_	Important to him was the belief that Mary and the saints do live on after death.
_	Russia particularly wished to tighten its hold over Ukraine because of the belief that they were the spiritual successors to the legacies of Rus and Rome, an idea which gained credibility as they were the only state descended from Rus to not be dominated by a foreign power.
_	But in all of those, it was because of the belief that he has.
_	The document argued that the belief that "homosexuality is worsening the demographic crisis and threatening the future of the nation" is "illogical," and that "granting legal recognition to same-sex couples has no influence on whether heterosexuals marry or have children."
_	This is consistent with the belief that the haplogroup first appeared in South West Eurasia.
_	Although she is unmarried, Alden wears a wedding ring in court in the belief that it helps jurors trust her.
_	The faith leaders and clergy who sent the letter "serve communities across the United States—Baptists, Jews, Muslims, Catholics, and so many others—and are unified by the belief that this legislation does nothing to protect religious liberty.
_	He ascribed fervently to the belief that the Anglican Church had to be cleansed of Catholic theology and ritual.
_	Her unwavering commitment to exploring African artistic expression was complemented by the belief that artists should also be owners/entrepreneurs within the communities where they live, work and serve.
_	Churchgoers are more committed to the belief that churches are sacred and, consequently, were less likely to consider the church's behavior benign.
_	Under the belief that an actress needs to be satisfied with the way she will look in order to devote all her attention to her acting, Leisen personally directed all of Arthur's wardrobe and hair tests, and went so far as to style her hair himself.
_	Contrary to the belief that the USSR state flag outranked the flag of the RSFSR, the actual use of the USSR flag was limited.
_	Her research reveals "a fresh perspective on a world that was struggling between the belief that a person's birth determined his place in the world and one where virtually anyone could be transformed through education" using literature of the time as a lens through which to examine societal mores concerning inborn as well as cultivated talents.
_	Central to their opposition was the belief that the merger would create unwieldy bureaucracies that might impinge upon the historic freedom of the local congregation, one of the few ideas that have united this otherwise theologically diverse fellowship.
_	The phrase expresses the belief that constitutional restrictions on governmental power must be balanced against the need for survival of the state and its people.
_	Coué thus developed a method which relied on the belief that "any idea exclusively occupying the mind turns into reality", although only to the extent that the idea is within the realm of possibility.
_	The giant salamanders are called "Hanzaki" in Yubara, due to the belief that even if they are ripped in half (han) they continue to survive.
_	This led to the zombie workers themselves turning on their would-be leader, serving him only out of the belief that he was heir to the Heike line.
_	Conspiracy theorists propagate the belief that El Shaddai plays a major role in Philippine politics.
_	The school promotes the belief that everyone can achieve and work hard to achieve education, guidance and support that is right for them.
_	Zappa said many years later that Wilson signed the group to a record deal in the belief that they were a white blues band.
_	The book used elements of elaborate Bible chronology, prophetic speculation and eschatology to promote the belief that one could determine God’s timetable for Jesus Christ’s second coming, the rapture of the saints and the restoration of the earth to a paradise like Eden.
_	Relationship anarchy (sometimes abbreviated RA) is the belief that relationships should not be bound by rules aside from what the people involved mutually agree upon.
_	He built the Library of Hadrian in the city, as well as completing construction of the Temple of Olympian Zeus, some 638 years after its construction was started by Athenian tyrants, but ended due to the belief that building on such a scale was hubristic.
_	Bülow and Eulenburg both had strong mystical-romantic tendencies and had developed the belief that they had once been the same spiritual being, but had now been split into two with Eulenburg being the more feminine, artistic side of this being while Bülow was the more masculine, practical side of this being.
_	Moreover, for Christians, the belief that God came into the world in the form of man to atone for the sins of humanity, rather than the exact birth date, is considered to be the primary purpose in celebrating Christmas.
_	The tension comes from the belief that 2nd Wave is exclusively white-middle class and over essentialist in the view of femininity.
_	This concept includes the belief that everything that happens in life is the will of God and the belief that trying to avoid misfortune is useless and invites worse affliction.
_	There have been non-Chabad Jewish figures have expressed their concurrence with the belief that Schneerson is indeed the Messiah.
_	Among the Black Thai people who have been in the region at least since the 11th century, the upper classes are cremated in the belief that it will release their spirits to heaven, while commoners are buried, leaving their spirits to remain on Earth.
_	The "Leukos" was fishing in the company of British trawlers; it has been speculated that she positioned herself between the surfacing U-boat and the fleeing British in the belief that her neutral markings would protect her.
_	The article is a direct challenge to the belief that there is a difference between killing and letting die, and an exploration of the moral consequences that follow from this.
_	At least six ravens are kept at the Tower at all times, in accordance with the belief that if they are absent, the kingdom will fall.
_	Ochanomizu also has the belief that robots can think for themselves and can behave like humans, extending Astro's robot family to include his parents, younger sister Uran and also older brother Cobalt.
_	It comes from the belief that we are all one blood and that how we treat others will eventually be reflected back to us; and that we should be proactive about goodwill for the good of the world.
_	Argyll seems to have been under the belief that this qualified version of the oath had been cleared with the Duke of York, but it was enough for an exasperated James, backed by Argyll's enemies, to have him arrested on 9 November and charged with treason, assuming the legislative power, perjury, and the old Scottish capital offence of "leasing making" (i.e. libelling the king, his family, or court, with the intention of sowing dissension between the king and his subjects).
_	His essay "Response to Controversy" also clarified the context of the apparently troubling passage, which was that he was referring to very specific cases like that of the religiously motivated terrorist, where the attempt to kill a murderous terrorist would essentially constitute killing someone for a belief they hold, namely the belief that unbelievers of their particular faith should be killed.
_	Contrary to the belief that he was hidden from the public from an early age, John for most of his life was a "fully-fledged member of the family", appearing frequently in public until after his eleventh birthday.
_	Almost all previously published science fiction stories featuring robots followed the theme 'robot turns against creator'; Asimov has consistently held the belief that the Frankenstein complex was a misplaced fear, and the majority of his works attempted to provide examples of the help that robots could provide humanity.
_	Neither Agricola nor his successors ever conquered Ireland, but in recent years archaeology has challenged the belief that the Romans never set foot on the island.
_	Speculation abounded that this was part of a plan to discourage other parties from running candidates in the belief that Lenihan would prove unbeatable and so get the office unopposed.
_	The name Ludgate, according to Stow in his 1598 Survey of London, was derived from the belief that the gate had been created by the pre-Roman British king of London, King Lud, as many of his contemporaries believed.
_	As can be seen from Chishima's principles, neo-haematology effectively called for a rejection of significant established Biological theories such the mitotic theory of cellular division, whilst advocating a belief in the spontaneous generation of microbes and the belief that tissue elements can differentiate and retro-differentiate depending purely upon environmental conditions.
_	In the belief that homophobia and transphobia stem from a lack of understanding, New Ways Ministry focuses on educating families, churches, and communities through dialogue, publications and research, and educational programming.
_	For those few misguided souls who still cling to the belief that the Moon landings never happened, examination of the results of five decades of LRRR experiments should evidence how delusional their rejection of the Moon landing really is.
_	One source dates it use during the invasion of the Indus region by Alexander the Great in 326 B.C. which lends credence to the belief that the sport originated in the North Western provinces of the subcontinent in what is now Pakistan, This is where Alexander had entered India.
_	Ultimately, that objectification (reification) created the belief that "the economy" and "the market" are sentient entities who act independently of the actions (choices and decisions) of the buyer and of the seller.
_	In later life, he remained a humble and modest man, apolitical and happy with his luck in life, and held close the belief that "men should not puff themselves up with pride, whether they are emperors adding this or that province to their empires or painter who gain a reputation."
_	After all of these tests, the chief doctor of the Berlin asylum wrote in June 1909 that "there is no foundation to the belief that [Kamo] is feigning insanity.
_	Till then Mahakavya were written in Sanskrit on the belief that Malayalam doesn't have the essence for epic composition.
_	A central element in the Christology presented in the Acts of the Apostles is the affirmation of the belief that the death of Jesus by crucifixion happened "with the foreknowledge of God, according to a definite plan".
_	It emphasized "Christian perfection" – the belief that it is possible to live free of voluntary sin, and particularly by the belief that this may be accomplished instantaneously through a second work of grace.
_	However, by the spring of 1845 his continued study of political economy, capital and capitalism had led Marx to the belief that the new political economic theory that he was espousing—scientific socialism—needed to be built on the base of a thoroughly developed materialistic view of the world.
_	The organization's name in Hebrew – there is law – "reflects the belief that equitable application of local and international law is an important component in upholding human rights".
_	It comes from one's faith and the belief that the Lord takes care of us, and that his will must be done."
_	It is also important to note that in some instances, the retraction of these laws was due to the belief that the modern judicial system is not susceptible to the pressures exerted on medieval English judges.
_	Both in "Wizards vs. Vampires on Waverly Place 2" and in "Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie," she openly remarks since she is the Russos' mother, she doesn't need to care about their opinions and in more than one occasion, she arrogantly expressed the belief that she is immune to the Wizard Rules, since that she isn't (unfortunately, the ""Wizard""
_	In Ali-Illahism, a syncretic religion centres on the belief that there have been successive incarnations of their Deity throughout history, and reserves particular reverence for 'Ali, the son-in-law of Muhammad, who is considered one such incarnation.
_	Paternalistic conservatism is a strand in conservatism which reflects the belief that societies exist and develop organically; and that members within them have obligations towards each other.
_	It is the belief that the temple and all rites and customs are planned and fixed by Parasurama himself.
_	It includes the belief that the Kayan people are the result of a union between a female dragon and a male human/angel hybrid.
_	After the fifteenth century, most Western colonialists rationalized the spread of empire with the belief that they were saving a barbaric and pagan world by spreading Christian civilization.
_	He suggests that this may be due to a societal assumption of male superiority, founded on the belief that one should not question that which is deemed to be right and superior.
_	Stiglitz explains how the neoclassical, or Walrasian model (""Walrasian economics"" refers to the result of the process which has given birth to a formal representation of Smith's notion of the invisible hand, along the lines put forward by Walras and encapsulated in the general equilibrium model of Arrow–Debreu), which has dominated economic thought over the past half century, may have wrongly encouraged the belief that market socialism could work.
_	Secure in the belief that Kickstarter was a viable funding option, the team decided to use it to fund the development of a game they wanted to make for a very long time: a spiritual successor to "Baldur's Gate".
_	The ancient Greek Aristotle (384 BC–322 BC) wrote in his "Meteorology" of how the earth had the potential for physical change, including the belief that all rivers and seas at one time did not exist where they were, and were dry.
_	The temperance movement had popularized the belief that alcohol was the major cause of most personal and social problems and prohibition was seen as the solution to the nation's poverty, crime, violence, and other ills.
_	She used them as examples because she insisted that the belief that "all men are brothers" required the Catholic to find the humanity in everyone without exception.
_	Although signs were present by the early 1970s indicating that consumer demand growth was falling, Wayne Skene argues that "Ontario Hydro's board and management had remained locked in megaproject mode, persisting in the belief that demand would continue to double every decade".
_	For Luther, salvation depended on the belief that Jesus was the Son of God, a belief that adherents of Judaism do not share.
_	Kass reads the text philosophically, not theologically, in the belief that this text, thoughtfully read, has much to teach everyone—believers and non-believers alike—about the human condition and how it may be improved.
_	Based on the belief that you can only learn to think independently and critically if you dare to interconnect your knowledge, imagination, and reflection in unorthodox ways, every year Studium Generale Rietveld Academy embarks upon a new and exciting research project that is linked to the current discourse in a variety of ways.
_	The seriousness of the status by the uninsured employer is often underestimated due to unfamiliarity with the system and the belief that, like automobile uninsured motorist law, a quick settlement can be made by the uninsured for a modest amount to end the process.
_	Adamic reports that auto companies were recruiting during the early 30s with the belief that these rural people had not been poisoned by ideas of unionism.
_	Walter Simons points out that the belief that he founded the beguines did not arise until the mid-thirteenth century, and discounts it as beguines did not begin to appear in Liège until sometime after his death.
_	Additionally, it institutes the belief that the island's kings were beholden to protect and foster Buddhism.
_	Russel Wright’s method of design came from the belief that the table was the center of the home.
_	In 2013, Davis told CBS Sports' Bruce Feldman that he believed his firing was an "overreaction" by Thorp, in the belief that "if he released me, maybe the investigation of the football program would go in a different direction."
_	Schapiro became one of many Russian anarchists who collaborated with the Soviet government in the belief that he could help ameliorate working conditions; he accepted positions in the Commissariat for Jewish National Affairs and later the Commissariat of Foreign Affairs.
_	Attebery characterizes it as a "disruptive, existentially fraught and formally daring" style; Peter Nicholls hesitates to define it but comments that "perhaps the fundamental element was the belief that sf could and should be taken seriously as literature".
_	Although long shunned in the belief that it represented some dishonour on the part of the bearer, it has found some use in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries.
_	It reflects the belief that democracy is severely limited when the industrial system is controlled by any form of autocratic elite, whether of owners, managers, and technocrats, a '[[Vanguard party|vanguard' party]], or a State bureaucracy."
_	Jeffords rides off with the belief that "the death of Sonseeahray had put a seal upon the peace, and from that day on wherever I went, in the cities, among the Apaches and in the mountains, I always remembered, my wife was with me".
_	Scope launched the "Time to Get Equal" campaign to banish disablism, which it defines as "discriminatory, oppressive or abusive behaviour arising from the belief that disabled people are inferior to others".
_	The practice is popular for personal bathing because of the belief that it cleanses the skin, that the foam insulates the bath water, keeping it warm for longer, and (as a lime soap dispersant) prevents or reduces deposits on the bath tub at and below the water level (called "bathtub ring" and soap scum, respectively) produced by soap and hard water.
_	Rocco expressed the belief that Ternasky's work with Mullen was "just flat-out amazing" and "changed everything".
_	While there, they discover that Tycho has placed Anne-Claire in one of the crystal time capsules, in the belief that she would be an ideal candidate to remake the world after the upcoming apocalypse.
_	Such familiarity gave rise to the belief that the two would wed and the majority of the English court expected a wedding within the coming months.
_	Others took a strategic approach, serving in the U.S. armed forces with the belief that once they returned as veterans the U.S. would have to do away with racial discrimination and segregation.
_	The "Juche" theory is the belief that through self-reliance and a strong independent state, true socialism can be achieved.
_	Colonization during the nineteenth century set up a Western understanding hinged on the belief that African art lacked technical ability due to its low socioeconomic status.
_	Under low-elaboration conditions, a variable may act as a "peripheral cue" (e.g., the belief that "experts are always right").
_	An important factor in his decision was the belief that France risked becoming a second-rate power by not expanding its influence in East Asia.
_	Speaking to a group of military reporters and editors in Washington, D.C. on October 12, 2007, Sanchez lambasted the media for "sensationalist" coverage and "self-aggrandizement" and expressing the belief that reporters were willing to "compromise [their] integrity" and "display questionable ethics" to get front page stories:
_	Christian teaching held as a basic tenet the belief that after bodily death the human soul would be judged according to their behaviour in life.
_	Okuchin is a high school student on the verge of dropping out in the belief that he has no past and no future.
_	The primary dispute is between those who believe DID is caused by traumatic stresses forcing the mind to split into multiple identities, each with a separate set of memories, and the belief that the symptoms of DID are produced artificially by certain psychotherapeutic practices or patients playing a role they believe appropriate for a person with DID.
_	Sound and creative tactics became increasingly rare, and were replaced by the belief that unbreakable phalanx walls could carry the day.
_	Bilateral oophorectomy has been traditionally done in the belief that the benefit of preventing ovarian cancer would outweigh the risks associated with removal of ovaries.
_	Another interpretation is that the name is based on the belief that the fish never close their eyes: the goddess similarly never stops watching over her devotees.
_	These encode the belief that a vertex's centrality is a function of the centrality of the vertices it is associated with.
_	Studies of embryology, gametophyte development, female cone structure, and cytology led to the belief that the eight categories probably deserved generic status.
_	Others offered a variety of reasons for not joining the protests, including: support for the government due to improvements in education, healthcare, and public transportation; pessimism over whether Maduro's ouster would lead to meaningful changes; and the belief that a capitalist model would be no more effective than a socialist model in a corrupt government system.
_	Even though Al-Zaqali’s work was based on the belief that the earth was at the center of the universe, many of his primary concepts still apply to the modern world of astronomy.
_	Contrary to the belief that revolutionaries are disproportionately poor or down-and-out, "revolutionists are more or less a cross section of common humanity".
_	Despite relative silence of the earlier Vedic sources, the features of Bhagavatism and principles of monotheism of Bhagavata school unfolding described in the Bhagavad Gita as viewed as an example of the belief that Vasudeva-Krishna is not an avatar of the Vedic Vishnu, but is the Supreme.
_	It has operated on the belief that “local people are best suited to shape and sustain their own development.”
_	Ratbold, Bishop of Verona, and Suppo, Count of Brescia, were among the first to warn Louis of the plot, reporting the belief that all of Italy would support the insurgents.
_	This concept is often extended into a kind of polytheism by the belief that the gods and goddesses of all cultures are aspects of this pair (or of the Goddess alone).
_	During the recording, however, Dali refused to follow the text written by Montalban, and instead, began to improvise in the belief that “Salvador Dali never repeats himself.
_	At the core of the philosophy is the belief that faith facilitates a connection to a consciousness that transcends normal experience or critical analysis, and that the prayers of the Avesta, which are to a degree metrical, are a means to achieve that consciousness.
_	The practice of dissecting the human body was banned for many centuries due to the belief that body and soul were inseparable.
_	It is based in part on the belief that fewer people mean more waves per surfer.
_	Human burials, particularly of children, found underneath dwellings related to the belief that this class of offering would contribute to the long life of the building.
_	An archdeacon in Toledo called Evantius, who was active around 720 and died in 737, wrote a letter to address the existence of judaizing tendencies among the Christians of Zaragoza, specifically the belief that there are unclean forms of meat and the literal interpretation of Deuteronomic law.
_	The SRC avoided taking a public stand against legal segregation, on the belief that this would hinder progress toward its economic-planning goals.
_	They soon breakup following the belief that Chad pursued legal action against her brother and in March 2015, she eventually leaves town following a job offer in New York City.
_	It expresses the belief that solid large muscle is the result of training hard.
_	Time value is the amount the option trader is paying for a contract above its intrinsic value, with the belief that prior to expiration the contract value will increase because of a favourable change in the price of the underlying asset.
_	A source-monitoring error can lead to an incorrect internal attribution of a memory (the belief that a memory was made from first-hand experience), when in reality that information had an external source (someone else relayed the information).
_	Fear of Germany and a possible German invasion of Britain, coupled with the belief that the Army and not the Navy could stop an invasion underlaid many of the League's proposals.
_	Technological pessimism is the belief that advances in science and technology do not lead to an improvement in the human condition.
_	To Sibelius, Mahler expressed the belief that "The symphony must be like the world.
_	He leads his followers south towards the Mediterranean Sea, in the belief that the sea would part on their arrival, which would allow him and his followers to walk to Jerusalem.
_	For example, extensive excavation has taken place on Oak Island (in Nova Scotia) since 1795 in the belief that one or more pirate captains had stashed large amounts of loot there.
_	Sailors also pierced their ears in the belief that their earrings could pay for a Christian burial if their bodies washed up on shore.
_	The album was originally tentatively called "Dusty in Nashville", to tie in with the 25th anniversary of Dusty Springfield's keynote work "Dusty in Memphis", but her record company "decided against it, in the belief that it would lead audiences to mistakenly expect a country album .
_	However, in 1996, the various Ogbomosho chapters in North America decided to form an umbrella organization with the belief that, "collectively, we can, through the various member organizations contribute more to the goal of developing Ogbomosho land at a stronger and faster pace than individuals' efforts."
_	These two facets of the debate were indicative of a growing schism in the South: middle- and upper-class whites were beginning to disapprove of lynchings, and the belief that lynch mobs were an "expansive luxury" the South could no longer afford was beginning to take root.
_	In this prism, and according to the stated intentions of its editor, the magazine “has a political stance and is imbued with the belief that the artistic and cultural phenomenon, even of the most consciously isolated artist, constitutes a public responsibility act due to the social nature of the material and the notions it deals with.”(3).
_	The Divine Mercy devotion views mercy as the key element in the plan of God for salvation and emphasizes the belief that it was through mercy that God gave his only son for the redemption of mankind, after the fall of Adam.
_	The virgin birth of Jesus is the belief that Jesus was conceived in the womb of his mother Mary through the Holy Spirit without the agency of a human father and born while Mary was still a virgin.
_	Harding was won over to that approach and professed the belief that the role of the federal government in the dispute should be one of an "honest broker" rather than as a violent authority figure.
_	A measure of the strength of the belief that a non-Muslim power (the United States) is at least attempting to weaken, if not annihilate, Islam can be found in opinion polls that showed, as of late 2006/ early 2007, strong majorities — at least 70% — in the Muslim countries of Egypt, Morocco, Pakistan, and Indonesia, answering "yes" to the pollsters' question: do you believe the United States seeks to “weaken and divide the Islamic world?
_	The book challenges the myth of the inexhaustibility of the earth and the belief that human impact on the environment is negligible by drawing similarities to the ancient civilization of the Mediterranean.
_	This idea establishes the belief that the success of a nation can be determined by how well that nation innovates and diffuses technology across its people.
_	As an example, they authors described a trial of gemcitabine with the Gonzalez regimen for stage II to IV pancreatic cancer, in the belief that cancer is caused by a deficiency of pancreatic proteolytic enzymes.
_	The limited numbers of the animal in the wild (at least 300, down from almost 1,600) has led to the belief that prospects for its survival are bleak.
_	The infallibility of the Church is the belief that the Holy Spirit preserves the Christian Church from errors that would contradict its essential doctrines.
_	The indians elected him Great Toqui, Supreme Chieftain of the Mapuches possibly in the belief that their cause might be better served with a European acting on their behalf.
_	The American Roman Catholic author and television presenter Patrick Madrid wrote that "sola scriptura" is self-referentially incoherent, as the Bible itself does not teach "sola scriptura", and therefore the belief that the scriptures are the only source of Christian belief is self-contradicting given that it cannot be supported without extra-scriptural doctrine.
_	Maintaining high expectations, differentiating to meet individual needs, and integrating social Success Orientations into the school day combine to fulfill the belief that each student can and will succeed.
_	This passage lends evidence to the belief that the conquest of Brycheiniog was mostly finished by Eastertide 1093 and that the main effect of the battle of Brecon was to open the way to the conquest of Deheubarth.
_	In Quebec, the Roman Catholic Church worked to maintain the rural nature of Quebec society, in the belief that this would help preserve the Catholic nature of the population and reinforce the Church's strength.
_	The economic constraints of World War I were cited in the penultimate edition as one reason for its closure, along with the belief that the journal had served its purpose to educate new settlers.
_	When Harry learns that Teddy and George have been pursuing independent projects, he becomes bitter at the belief that they have no faith in his own work, prompting him to leave the house.
_	The third trial took place in May 1998, with a federal appeal court temporarily freeing Lambert under the belief that she would win her case.
_	Meanwhile, coming to the belief that he made an ill-advised promise to Yinan to give him Princess Xinxing in marriage, Emperor Taizong demanded a large amount of bride price – 50,000 horses, 10,000 cows and camels, and 100,000 sheep—a price that Yinan agreed to, but could not immediately collect and deliver.
_	While opponents of the king were of the belief that James had fabricated the conspiracy to cover his eradication of the Ruthven family, most modern scholarship agrees that the brothers concocted a plot to kidnap the monarch.
_	The Zuni people mix the ground blossoms of the "commutatum" variety with yucca suds and used to wash newborn infants in the belief that it will make their hair grow and strengthen them.
_	"Behold, I was shapen in iniquity; and in sin did my mother conceive me" (Ps. 51:5), and hold to the belief that the word "sin" given here does not mean any transgression of the law.
_	The first paragraph of the story references metempsychosis, the belief that the soul of a person is transferred to another living being upon death.
_	The Family Research Council holds the belief that "homosexual conduct is harmful to the persons who engage in it and to society at large, and can never be affirmed", and asserts that it is "by definition unnatural, and as such is associated with negative physical and psychological health effects."
_	However, after the 21 August 1968 Russian invasion of Czecho-Slovakia, Bohumír Matal began to lose confidence in the belief that people who came to the Atelier were not communist informers.
_	The League of Minotaurs is the largest power in Taladas, and its society has built in controls to regulate the belief that might makes right.
_	It is often said that they carried small casks of brandy around their necks (although this is only legend), in the belief that the liquor had medicinal properties.
_	Christian atheists are united also in the belief that any satisfactory answer to these problems must be an answer that will make life tolerable in this world, here and now and which will direct attention to the social and other problems of this life.
_	His belief in an immanent and interconnected divinity led him to adopt ideas from Pythagoreanism and Neoplatonism: from the former he adopted the belief that music and numbers expressed the divine order while from the latter he adopted the notion of hidden correspondences between various parts of the natural world.
_	There were plans to offer a new five-speed transmission, as in the Opels Senator and Monza, but when, in the summer of 1980, this was still not ready the manufacturer instead offered to buyers of the 1,979 cc petrol/gasoline powered Rekords, for an extra DM 520, the option of a newly developed four-speed manual transmission incorporating an overdrive: this was intended to provide the chance to achieve improved fuel economy at a time when fuel efficiency was moving up the agenda of European car buyers coming to terms with the belief that the "era of cheap fuel" was over for good.
_	This is due to the belief that it is the place where the kings of ancient Singapore were laid to rest, and it was believed to be haunted.
_	A high score on this scale reflects the belief that Māori individuals need to remain loyal to the group and stay politically unified.
_	A low score on this scale reflects the belief that Māori people should operate independently and that Māori–Pākehā (non-Māori New Zealanders) historical relations are irrelevant for understanding contemporary ways of "being" Māori.
_	Six weeks into their relationship, Darren asks Judith if whether they could finally have sex, but Judith refuses in the belief that premarital sex is wrong; rather, she suggests non-penetrative sex as alternative, during which Darren gets nothing but a sore jaw.
_	At some point following Alexander's initial advance through the region in 331 BC or in the period 324/3 BC when he returned to Mesopotamia, the ancient Greeks colonized the island, which they named Ikaros after the Greek island in the Aegean Sea and the mythical hero Icarus, apparently in the belief that the island had a similar shape of its Aegean counterpart.
_	The English fleet instead attacked Cádiz in the belief that its sacking would be more immediately profitable, but the raid turned into a fiasco.
_	They were early proponents in the belief that medical education should be easily accessible.
_	Incumbent Allan Sparrow had stepped aside to allow George Hislop to run, in the belief that the large gay community in the ward deserved a representative on council.
_	Bjørn G. Braathen stated that the company had bought the new aircraft based on the belief that deregulation would occur in 1997, giving the airline time to pay more of the debt.
_	Amanda bases her case on the belief that women and men are equal, and that Doris had been forced into the situation through her husband's poor treatment of her.
_	Some castaways express the belief that they have been miraculously healed since the crash.
_	(c) (except where the property came to him as trustee or personal representative) if he appropriates the property in the belief that the person to whom the property belongs cannot be discovered by taking reasonable steps.
_	Early operations of the Armed Forces of the Philippines were concentrated on Zamboanga Sibugay, in the belief that the captors had not left the province.
_	There has been criticism over the handling of the operation and the belief that the Obama administration failed to adequately consult the U.S. Congress.
_	Adams, among the more conservative of the Founders, held long to the belief that British actions against the colonies had been wrong and misguided, but did not warrant open insurrection.
_	Sikh philosophy fuses the concepts of Theism and Pantheism as to the belief that God exists in His Creation to a Theistic level, that is the One upon whom everything depends; the ultimate Preserver.
_	There is also a tradition of giving names with unpleasant qualities to children born to a couple whose previous children have died, in the belief that the unpleasant name will mislead evil spirits seeking to steal the child.
_	His omission was thought to be influenced by the belief that he was responsible for leaking Woodfull's comments.
_	At the same time, behaviourist psychologists such as B.F. Skinner were forming the belief that all behaviour (including language) was learnt through repetition and positive or negative reinforcement.
_	Ahmadis universally concur in the belief that Ghulam Ahmad was both the promised Mahdi and Messiah foretold by Muhammad to appear in the end times, and that his prophetic qualities were neither independent nor separable from Muhammad's prophetic mission.
_	Kanada was among the sages of India who believed in man's potential to understand existence and reach moksha on his own, without God, a notion of ancient Indians summarized by Nietzsche as the belief that "with piety and knowledge of the Veda, nothing is impossible".
_	‘Mrokkubadi’ is a short one act play based on the belief that one can overcome any illness or danger by solemnly taking a vow to please the deity Venkateswara by offering to him everything possible.
_	Devotees come to offer the first bunch of hair of the newborn babies with the belief that goddesses Tara Tarini will protect the newborns from all evils and ensure their well-being.
_	In contrast to the belief that an extraterrestrial civilization would want to establish an empire, Ćirković proposes that an extraterrestrial civilization would maintain equilibrium rather than expand outward.
_	Integral nationalism generally tends to arise in states (such as colonies or countries that do not have sovereignty) where a strong military ethos has become entrenched through a struggle for independence, resulting in the belief that a strong military is required to ensure the security and viability of the new state once the state attains independence.
_	Many women, before learning about ejaculation, experienced shame or avoided sexual intimacy under the belief that they had wet the bed.
_	The name, sparked by Diane Wilson at the 2001 Bioneers Conference, stemmed from the belief that women were often raised to be too 'well behaved,' or 'reasonable,' conditioning which inhibits women from taking a bold stand for what they believe in.
_	Black nationalism is a type of nationalism which espouses the belief that black people are a nation and seeks to develop and maintain a black identity.
_	During the conference, Burke expressed the belief that a "public correction" of a pope in error can take place after a private one has been ignored or rejected.
_	He said he began with the belief that the appointment process would be objective, but ultimately concluded that it was an exercise in gender and politics.
_	The sheer number of civilians slowed down the retreat, made the surrender unfeasible to the Allies, and ultimately led to the belief that they were nothing more than a human shield to the Ustashe.
_	In modern times, the scripture has been used as a counterargument to the "prosperity gospel", the belief that accruing wealth is a virtue favored by God.
_	Norrie also shares the belief that John's travelling to the future returns to the beginning of the franchise, signalling "John's role in the beginning of the resistance.
_	More recently, researchers have documented the belief that the consumption of loris meat was an aphrodisiac that improves "male power."
_	The Obama Administration has expressed potential opposition to the GPS Act based on the belief that GPS tracking is no more invasive than visual surveillance.
_	In probability, a subjectivism stands for the belief that probabilities are simply degrees-of-belief by rational agents in a certain proposition, and which have no objective reality in and of themselves.
_	The researchers found that, compared to a no-treatment control, both thought records and behavioral experiments were effective in reducing the belief that not washing one's hands after going to the toilet would make oneself ill.
_	Once this information is transferred back to the CRM software and services it could prevent customers from placing an order in the belief that an item is in stock while it is not.
_	He also promised that students and faculty would never be chosen based on quotas of "genetic or ethnic or economic distribution" because choices based on quotas "are based on the assumption that there are standard population strains, on the belief that the ideal American must look and act like an eighteenth-century Puritan, that the melting pot of America must mold all who all who live here into such a pattern."
_	A fundamental part of `Abdul-Bahá's teachings on evolution is the belief that all life came from the same origin: "the origin of all material life is one..."
_	Scott shares Plato’s concern for the welfare of the community and the belief that good discourse is that which by disseminating truth creates a healthy public opinion and thus effects, in Plato’s words, ‘a training and improvement in the souls of the citizens.’”
_	Hart wrote that despite the pessimistic analyses after 1918, the situation after 1940 meant that landings from the sea were unavoidable, and it was only after Normandy that the belief that opposed landings were futile was overcome.
_	Connected with this doctrine is patriarchal doctrine, the belief that wives are required to be subordinate to their husbands.
_	It is a short leap from functional leadership theory, to the belief that if one person can do something, then others can also learn to do it.
_	Andreasen held to the belief that Christians can overcome sin, known popularly as Last Generation Theology, controversial for its views on atonement and salvation.
_	This was partly due to the allegiance of some councils to the anti-Treaty side in the Civil War, but also due to the belief that giving power to local government bred corruption.
_	This influence strengthened the belief that the gods and goddesses are present in all things.
_	In subsequent centuries, a related folkloric tradition found across much of Italy held to the belief that witches had been born with a caul.
_	In February 1955, during his first public appearance as a Democrat, Morse stated that the vote on the Formosa resolution would have been different if senators were not under the belief that a resolution for a ceasefire was going to be introduced the following week and that Americans did not want war with the Chinese.
_	Waugh is an advocate of the Oxfordian theory, the belief that Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford wrote the works of William Shakespeare.
_	Environmental skepticism is the belief that claims by environmentalists, and the environmental scientists who support them, are false or exaggerated.
_	He asks her to tell Boyd that "just because a person didn't show up doesn't mean that the person doesn't care about them." referencing a set up earlier in the movie where Jane defended Jonas by telling Braverman the story of a five-year-old Jonas waiting in vain for four days for his mother to return, for many years while living in an orphanage holding steadfast to the belief that one day she indeed would.
_	Central to Family Radio's and Camping's teaching is the belief that the Bible is the Word of God and completely true.
_	In the Catholic Church, the belief that one religion is as good as another, and that all religions are equally valid paths to salvation, is believed to be obviously false, on the grounds that nobody honestly believes that, for instance, a religion based on human sacrifice and the subjugation of rivals is as good, true, and beautiful as one based on heroic love of God and neighbor.
_	Not only did it identify the membership; it also announced the belief that women writers were different from their male counterparts.
_	HackerNest was founded on the belief that the fastest, most permanent way to improve the world is to build supportive local technology and innovation communities characterized by trust, sharing, and respect - everywhere.
_	The imagery of nature and the universe also reinforce the belief that the shield is a microcosm of Greek life, as it can be seen as a reflection of their perception of the world.
_	Close study and wide observation confirmed her in the belief that drawing should be a study not for the few only, but for all, a means of expression for every child, and therefore should be an integral part of public school education.
_	Nazi Germany promulgated white supremacy based on the belief that the Aryan race, or the Germans, were the "master race".
_	Opus Dei emphasizes the "universal call to holiness": the belief that everyone should aspire to be a saint, not just a few special individuals.
_	Anglo-Saxon crosses found on the site, and the dedication to St Peter, support the belief that there was an earlier Saxon church on the site.
_	It is associated with the belief that a god is the geometer of the world.
_	One of Gold's patients, an upper-middle class Army veteran who wanted to climb the Statue of Liberty in the belief that doing so would release him from the "show", described his condition this way:
_	Therefore, for a rule of international custom to be established, two elements are required: “an objective one, the repeated behaviour of States ... and a subjective one, the belief that such behaviour depends on a legal obligation ("opinio juris sive necessitatis")”.
_	The scientific analysis that followed, strengthened the belief that the three skeletons in the grave are the remains of Birger jarl, his son duke Eric Birgersson and Birger's wife Mechtild of Holstein.
_	Deschanel was raised Roman Catholic, but is no longer practicing, and has expressed agnostic views, saying "I am more of a spiritual person, if anything, and I am of the belief that we don't know, and I'm not going to pretend that I do."
_	Enslaved Igbo women were paired with enslaved Coromantee (Akan) men by slave owners so as to subdue the latter due to the belief that Igbo women were bound to their first-born sons' birthplace.
_	Docetism (from the Greek "dokeō", "to seem") is the belief that Jesus' physical body was an illusion, as was his crucifixion; that is, Jesus only "seemed" to have a physical body and to physically die, but in reality he was incorporeal, a pure spirit, and hence could not physically die.
_	In the US an Australian radio play, The Enemy Within, proved to be very popular, though this popularity was due to the belief that the stories of fifth column activities were based on real events.
_	The movement adopts the belief that violence against Christians was either individually-based, or rather fabricated.
_	The rural calendar typically operated for at most six months of the year, with most school days taking place during the winter, giving credence to the belief that the current system is based on the agrarian calendar.
_	Creating and stimulating customer engagement behaviour has recently become an explicit aim of both profit and non-profit organisations in the belief that engaging target customers to a high degree is conducive to furthering business objectives.
_	Fischer identified it as the belief that significant facts of history are necessarily sinister, and that "history itself is a story of causes mostly insidious and results mostly invidious."
_	This "passive cover-up" is often justified by the motive of not wanting to embarrass the culprit or expose them to criminal prosecution or even the belief that the cover-up is justified by protecting the greater community from scandal.
_	These included grants made to "selected civil rights efforts" in the Southern United States in the belief that "the struggle for civil rights in the South would have an enormous impact on the lives of the city's black citizens".
_	He is known for his early research into genetic aspects of cancer, and more recently for his central role in the AIDS denialism movement as a proponent of the belief that HIV is harmless and does not cause AIDS.
_	NBC Universal chief Jeff Zucker made the threat with the belief that O'Brien's contract contained a clause that allowed the network to bench him for an additional one year after his contract expires.
_	In medieval times, gold was often seen as beneficial for the health, in the belief that something so rare and beautiful could not be anything but healthy.
_	Designer, engineer and racer Coatalen was inspired by the belief that ‘Racing improves the breed’.
_	–15 has been the origin of the belief that Satan was a fallen angel, who could also be referred to as Lucifer.
_	Lourdes is a major Catholic pilgrimage site and the Catholic Church endorses the belief that the Virgin Mary appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous there.
_	In psychology, it refers not to a belief, but a pattern of behaviors expressing the belief that one is superior.
_	Cluster headaches were historically described as vascular headaches, with the belief that intense pain was caused by dilation of blood vessels which in turn, was thought to create pressure on the trigeminal nerve.
_	The Hawaiian religion is polytheistic and animistic, with a belief in many deities and spirits, including the belief that spirits are found in non-human beings and objects such as animals, the waves, and the sky.
_	Trusper is founded on the belief that information is more valuable when it is provided by people you know and trust--friends and family.
_	The argument from miracles is an argument for the existence of God that relies on the belief that events witnessed and described as miracles – i.e. as events not explicable by natural or scientific laws – indicate the intervention of the supernatural.
_	Originally called Sugar Grove because of the areas abundance of sugar maple trees but was changed to the nickname of Bull Run because the belief that it is located where buffalo crossed the mountains long ago here.
_	Michael Kaufman’s work as co-founder and long-time volunteer with the White Ribbon Campaign in 1991, was based on the belief that a) the campaign should be decentralized, conceived of and led by the men and women within each community, b) that it should be politically non-partisan, reaching out to men across the political, religious, and social spectrum, and c) that it focus on a positive engagement of men and boys as individuals capable of bringing about change.
_	Gershwin's own intentions were to correct the belief that jazz had to be played strictly in time so that one could dance to it.
_	In the case of confabulation, someone gives false information while maintaining the belief that it is the truth.
_	At the heart of the image of nickelodeons in traditional histories is the belief that movies were asimple amusement for the working class, and that the middle-class stayed away until after World War I.
_	This approach is built on the belief that English-language acquisition is best fostered in an academic environment in which students participate in 1) heterogeneous groups, using 2) a project-based curriculum, and where 3) English development is integrated into all content areas.
_	Supporters expressed the belief that forced abstinence from "idleness" would make vagrants into productive citizens.
_	This finding has led to the belief that "V. jacobsoni" was introduced to the Americas multiple times.
_	However, he left an inscription on the outer wall of the Rabbit Hatch, explaining the legacy he meant to leave behind with the Astroswitches and Fourze Driver, which is also the belief that he upholds steadfastly.
_	The literary emphasis of the exams affected the general perception of cultural refinement in China, such as the belief that calligraphy, poetry and painting were higher forms of art than dancing or drama.
_	Superstitious people blamed the three consecutive helicopter crashes on the belief that the densely forested mountains of the Tenasserim Range have strong guardian spirits according to Thai folklore.
_	She is disturbed when Dean finds out, and tries to hang onto the belief that the baby is Mick's.
_	According to guitarist Gary Rossington, for two years after Allen Collins wrote the initial chords, vocalist Ronnie Van Zant insisted that there were too many for him to create a melody in the belief that the melody needed to change alongside the chords.
_	When we base society on humanism, which he defines as "a value system rooted in the belief that man is his own measure, that man is autonomous, totally independent", all values are relative and we have no way to distinguish right from wrong except for "synthesis, pragmatism, and utilitarianism."
_	Philip of Hesse, an ardent, passionate, impulsive and ambitious prince who was a patron of Protestantism, was deceived by an unprincipled and avaricious politician, Otto von Pack, provisional chancellor of the Duchy of Saxony, into the belief that Ferdinand of Austria, the Electors of Mainz, Brandenburg and Saxony, the Duke of Bavaria and other Catholic rulers had concluded a league at Breslau, on 15 May 1527, for the extermination of Protestantism.
_	During World War II, the British government encouraged the study of America and the American government began to see the need to support American Studies abroad during the Cold War, in the belief that "the more people knew about the United States, the more they would come to admire its political and economic values, and its foreign policy".
_	Instead of spoiling the landscape, locals believe it has enhanced the area: "The turbines are impressive looking, bring a calming effect to the town and, contrary to the belief that they would be noisy, we have found them to be silent workhorses".
_	When that conviction is weak or nonexistent, students generally experience less success, which reinforces the belief that effort doesn't matter.
_	Ideologically, Adams had campaigned on the belief that the government should seek to improve the lives of citizens, while Jackson campaigned on the belief that the government should only be concerned with defending liberty against power.
_	As noted by critics, he found himself split between the urge to mock traditional art and the belief that something just as elaborate needed to take its place: in the conflict between Tzara's nihilism and Ball's art for art's sake, Janco tended to support the latter.
_	The girl, however, had been brought up by an ally of Athens', King Archeus of Thebes, in the belief that she was his own child.
_	According to Rofes, radical approaches are grounded in the belief that "something fundamental needs to be transformed for authentic and sweeping changes to occur.
_	An example is the belief that devotion to Mary is a sign of predestination.
_	After several unsuccessful attempts to get the students metalbending, Toph gives up, explaining to Sokka that while she recruited her students with the belief that they could become metalbenders, she feels that she's been trying to force them to become something they're not, similar to how her parents treated her.
_	As a general rule, conditionalism goes hand in hand with annihilationism; that is, the belief that the souls of the wicked will be destroyed in "Gehenna" (often translated "hell", especially by non-conditionalists and non-universalists) fire rather than suffering eternal torment.
_	Non-essentialism might also be defined cataphatically as the belief that for any entity, there are no specific traits or ground of being which entities of that kind must possess in order to be considered "that entity."
_	Over the following month, leading to the double dissolution election scheduled for 13 December 1975, Whitlam and ALP supporters constantly and intensely denigrated Kerr, no doubt in the belief that the electorate would prove sympathetic to the deposed Labor government.
_	On the subject of painting, she writes ""I object to the belief that a painting should always be a statement about painting itself.
_	HHS held the belief that the release of such data enabled the user to identify individual physicians, and therefore was prohibited from doing so.
_	His fame as an explorer and his obsession with learning the sources of the Nile River was founded on the belief that if he could solve that age-old mystery, his fame would give him the influence to end the East African Arab-Swahili slave trade.
_	The film follows Rev. C.L. Bryant as he travels across the United States and speaks with members of the African-American community, various conservative leaders, and different public faces about the belief that the African-American community is immersed in a welfare state and prevented from being successful on their own.
_	This angle was chosen owing to the belief that the color-sensitive cones resided within a 2° arc of the fovea.
_	Barak's legal philosophy starts with the belief that "the world is filled with law".
_	They came away from this experience with the belief that the Burmese situation could be improved through reform.
_	Thai and Coats are proud supporters of the belief that oral argument increases openness of the judicial process.
_	That event, she said, was what gave her the belief that relatives should have remains over which to mourn.
_	In the last quarter of the 20th century, the belief that government (ruling in accordance with the interests of the people) ought to be directly involved in the day-to-day workings of an economy declined in popularity amongst the center-left, especially social democrats who became influenced by "Third Way" ideology.
_	They hinge on the belief that there is a human supra-psychology that transcends nationality, gender, psychosexual archetypes, and individual linguistic heritages.
_	In the book, Dowd puts forward her view of the current state of feminism, whether women pursuing a mate is worthy and the belief that smart women are left at home only to be left with only domestic duties.
_	It is ironic that the belief that Tituba led these girls astray has persisted in popular lore, fiction and non fiction alike.
_	Imbued with the belief that the music of poetry will, at times, blossom into song, Paul has applied his poetics to the art of the lyric and has co-written “western hits” recorded by Ian Tyson, Tom Russell, Wylie Gustafson, David Wilkie of Cowboy Celtic, Don Edwards, and other esteemed musicians.
_	He had initially accepted the nomination on the belief that that would not be the case.
_	McRae and Telfair County approved construction of a private prison in the early 21st century to hold federal prisoners, in the belief that it would provide jobs to local residents.
_	These reforms arose from the belief that government has an obligation and interest in protecting and improving the living standards of women and children.
_	He in turn converted Downes to the belief that "provided water is available in adequate amount the heat mechanism of the body can defy all ordinary climatic ranges of temperature even under conditions of hard work."
_	Following a decision by Jean Delbos' son Louis, Lanessan did not to submit samples to the Bordeaux Wine Official Classification of 1855, in the belief that the World's Fair ranking would add nothing to the estate's already sound reputation, and that the selection amounted to "bureaucratic nonsense".
_	Yet accommodation allows for the belief that despite this natural linguistic barrier, God still has the power to use such translations in order to reveal his nature to people.
_	Popular in medieval Europe, the belief that Joseph had the pyramids built as granaries was perpetuated by, among others, Gregory of Tours in the sixth century, an Irish monk in the ninth century named Bernard, a mosaic in St. Mark's Basilica dating from the twelfth, and the travelogue attributed to John Mandeville in the fourteenth.
_	In an interview with "Sound of Boston", McKenna explained that the title of the song came from "the idea of using the lyric paracetamol was a way of comparing the belief that someone can be cured from who they are, via therapy, to an everyday painkiller."
_	During his campaign, he expressed the belief that the ownership of Rupert's Land and the North-Western Territory should be transferred from the Hudson's Bay Company and that they should become part of the Province of Canada.
_	Although D. A Thomas was heavily involved in the Disestablishment controversy and was an advocate of Disestablishment, this appears to have sprung from the belief that the endowments of the church should be used for the general good
_	His obituary in "The Times" considered that Trenchard's greatest gift to the RAF was the belief that mastery of the air must be gained and retained through offensive action.
_	The term "bi-la kayf" is the belief that the verses of the Qur'an with an "unapparent meaning" should be accepted as they have come without saying how they are meant.
_	Evie represents the belief that there is an innate good in humanity, while Charlie represents a more self-serving amorality.
_	The previous, poorer residents, contended that "renewal" should focus on bettering the plight of South End's poor, while new, middle-class residents heavily favored private market investment opportunities and shunned efforts such as subsidized housing with the belief that they would flood the market and raise personal security concerns.
_	Through the Medieval period, folk medicine practitioners provided treatments for back pain based on the belief that it was caused by spirits.
_	In April 1917, Fincke's congregation voted to remove him as pastor after he delivered a pacifist sermon rejecting the belief that World War I, which the United States had recently joined, was a fight for liberty and democracy.
_	This is the belief that “an ultimate reality or centre of truth exists and that can serve as the basis for all our thought and actions.
_	Rationalization of interpretations is tempered by the belief that each person must answer for their choices at the final judgment.
_	The opening verse of the song is a recurring factor in Morrison's music and lyrics, the belief that the predominant sense of enjoyment and appreciation of life is to be found in the present moment:
_	During the Anasara period devotees head to the Alarnatha Mandira in Bramhagiri in the belief that Jagannath manifests as Alarnatha during this period
_	He uses it with the belief that if he can communicate with them and resolve any issue they may have, then the ghost or spirit can move on to the afterlife.
_	He comforts himself with the belief that there is no point in resisting the vampires, and all they can do is submit rather than risk the Master's wrath.
_	The review was conducted on the belief that racial discrimination prevented Hayashi and several other soldiers of Asian descent from being awarded the United States' highest decoration for valor.
_	In April 2008, the President of Venezuela, Hugo Chávez, announced the nationalization of "the whole cement industry" in that country, in response to the belief that the industry was exporting its products in order to receive prices above those it was allowed within the country.
_	Despite facing hunger, deplorable living conditions, illness, bone breaking work (or no work at all) and death, the people still hold on to the belief that life is precious and worth living, so much so that they named their slum "Anand Nagar", which translated into English means "City of Joy".
_	In so far as the MFU had a concrete political philosophy, it was the belief that the counterculture harbored the potential for a new politics—open, more humane, and more creative—one that could lead to a true community and a better society.
_	He decided to cooperate with them in answering questions about the Muslim community in London, in the belief that he could help provide insight and ease tensions between the Muslims and other Britons.
_	Other funds may maintain a more or less constant proportion of assets, due to the belief that such prediction is not reliable.
_	The Journal is premised on the belief that the more people know about the human rights atrocities happening in North Korea, the more pressure the world will bring to bear on the Stalinist regime, resulting in less leeway for the regime to continue abusing the 21 million North Korean people with impunity.
_	Spot's friend Buddy has his own superstitions, such as the belief that his winter hat flies north for the summer (in actuality, it's simply being carried away by the wind) and returns for the winter.
_	Alexandrian Wicca shares with other traditional Wicca systems the belief that "only a witch can make another witch".
_	Following their introduction in 1920 by Marsden Hartley at a party hosted by Lola Ridge, William Carlos Williams and Robert McAlmon endeavored to create an outlet for works showcasing Williams' theory of "contact", a theory centered on the belief that art should derive from an artist's direct experience and sense of place and should reject traditional notions of value.
_	Among the Umayyads, Sulayman encouraged the belief that he was the Mahdi, and other Umayyad rulers, like Umar II, have been addressed as such in the panegyrics of Jarir and al-Farazdaq.
_	Zenigata has an attachment to Lupin with the belief that no one should kill him or worse, capture him, besides Zenigata himself.
_	But by the end of October, with the exception of fiscal powers, the sub-committee arrived at provisional agreement on nearly every vital point, with Redmond in the belief that a final agreement was in sight.
_	The initiative is "rooted in the belief that conservation and economic development can coexist to make Utah a better place to live, work, and visit".
_	Since the acquisition by AB InBev, significant cuts in advertising plans have been rolled out, predicated on the belief that "changing demographics and media habits no longer require spending as much on mainstream sports events".
_	The report concludes with the belief that stereoscopic and coincidence acuities are about equal.
_	The first is the belief that he will die if he hiccups more than 100 times in a row.
_	After publicly revealing himself in "Quon Zhang", Jasper is taken hostage by Red who used Samar to interrogate him with the belief that she is an agent of the Cabal.
_	The demand for sharia, the belief that their governments are unfaithful to Islam and that Islam is the answer to all problems, and "the certainty that the West has declared war on Islam"; these are the themes that dominate public discussion.
_	He subsequently attempts to prove his superiority to Reed Richards by giving him the chance to find his way out of a prison that could only be escaped through magic, in the belief that Richards would fail to do so.
_	Nationalism, the belief that the nation-state is the best vehicle to realise the aspirations of a people, became popular in the late 19th century.
_	The revelation that his young wife had attacked General von Moltke without him defending himself was seen at the time as confirming that Moltke was not manly as the expectation was that a Prussian officer and a “real man” would have beaten his wife if she struck him, which in turn confirmed the belief that Moltke was gay.
_	However, the belief that he would follow through with his scholarship to Texas A&M led Middlebrooks to fall in the draft.
_	SAP shells ( OPf Model 1928, weighing ) would be used for sea targets, with a muzzle velocity of and a maximum range, but only 10 rounds per gun were intended, due to the belief that anti-ship fire would mainly come from the stronger guns.
_	The reason for the merger was motivated by “the belief that walking together in unity and fellowship is the heart of God.”
_	The marshes produced methane gas which spontaneously ignited to produce flares, giving rise to the belief that they were haunted by spirits and that the new land needed cleansing before it was safe to use.
_	A way to account for the difference is that a (rational) person that holds the belief that p when confronted with evidence that not-p, will revise his belief, whereas a person that desires that p can retain his desire that p in the face of evidence that not-p.
_	While the belief that one had control during the abuse (past control) is associated with greater psychological distress, the belief that one has more control during the recovery process (present control) is associated with less distress, less withdrawal, and more cognitive reprocessing.
_	Stein’s employer, The Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR), is a non-partisan, public interest organization of concerned Americans, united in the belief that immigration policies and laws should again serve the nation’s current and future needs.
_	However, when Doctor Ashley Kafka sneaks him into a basement to try to continue treating him in the belief that he was close to a breakthrough when the court were preparing to put him on trial, Chameleon escaped and attempted to convince Spider-Man that he was actually a hallucinating writer who had suffered a mental breakdown after his daughter's death in a car accident, but Peter managed to break through this deception due to his own strength of will.
_	Thompson is of the belief that in the age of digital technology there are more suitable terms that can be used including "'mediated communication' or more simply, 'the media' which are less laden with misleading assumptions."(Thompson, 1995, p15)
_	This is sometimes omitted in the belief that optimization can always be done later, resulting in prototype systems that are far too slow – often by an order of magnitude or more – and systems that ultimately are failures because they architecturally cannot achieve their performance goals, such as the Intel 432 (1981); or ones that take years of work to achieve acceptable performance, such as Java (1995), which only achieved acceptable performance with HotSpot (1999).
_	Waddell's writings on the origins of civilization would soon after influence the poetry of Hugh MacDiarmid from 1937 on, impressing on him the belief that the "original impetus to civilization was an Ur-Gaelic initiative".
_	Compassionate conservatism has been defined as the belief that conservatism and compassion complement each other.
_	The speech codes, "mandate a redefined notion of "freedom", based on the belief that the imposition of a moral agenda on a community is justified", a view which, "requires less emphasis on individual rights and more on assuring "historically oppressed" persons the means of achieving equal rights."
_	Several attempts have been made by creationists to construct a cosmology consistent with a young Universe rather than the standard cosmological age of the universe, based on the belief that Genesis describes the creation of the Universe as well as the Earth.
_	The enthusiasm for his job and the belief that a designer’s professionalism gets energy from experiences born in various fields, have always pushed him to approach different fields in the application of Industrial Design.
_	The second generation then grew up speaking English, because of the belief that it was better for them not to know Comanche.
_	Raichō's introduction opened with, “In the beginning, woman was the sun” (「元始、女性は太陽であった」) a reference many readers incorrectly assumed was about the goddess Amaterasu and the Shinto creation myth, concluding that Raichō was supporting the belief that prehistoric societies were led by the matriarch and that society has fallen away from that.
_	Her use of the term "femmiphile" related to the belief that the term "transvestite" had been corrupted, intending to underline the distinction between heterosexual crossdressers, who act because of their love of the feminine, and the homosexuals or transsexuals who may cross-dress.
_	At various points in this composition, Guru Singh speaks out against the belief that some people are superior to others, by virtue of belonging to a particular religion, region, history, culture, colour or creed.
_	The explosion would trigger Europe into seeking disarmament in the belief that the bomb was a US one that detonated by accident, leaving its borders open to a Soviet invasion.
_	(b) if he appropriates the property in the belief that he would have the other’s consent if the other knew of the appropriation and the circumstances of it; or
_	The belief in agricultural "improvement" was the belief that the earth could be made more fruitful.
_	More specifically, it was the belief that "the knowledge of nature would allow the best possible use of resources".
_	Copernicus's heliocentric view of the cosmos displaced humans from their previously accepted place at the centre of the universe; Darwin's evolutionary theory placed humans firmly within, as opposed to above, the order of nature; and Freud's ideas about the power of the unconscious mind overcame the belief that humans were consciously in control of all their own actions.
_	It was planned in the 1850s during a period of political alarm about a possible French invasion, exacerbated by the belief that the Royal Navy was no longer capable of deterring the French following the introduction of iron built, steam powered battleships by the French navy.
_	It was closely associated with "domestic feminism," the belief that women had the right to complete freedom within the home.
_	Seed7 and Lasso programming languages encode all strings with UTF-32, in the belief that direct indexing is important, whereas Julia had UTF-32 as one of the native encodings for strings (in addition to UTF-8 and UTF-16) in the standard library, but simplified to having only UTF-8 strings (with all the other encodings considered legacy and moved out of the standard library to package) in accordance with the "UTF-8 Everywhere Manifesto".
_	The Vikings portrayed fierce heads with open jaws and bulging eyes at bow and stern of their longships to ward off evil spirits, and the figureheads on the prows of sailing ships were regarded with affection by mariners and represented the belief that the vessel needed to find its way.
_	She worked there for a month, but returned in June 1943, by which time she had refused offers to go into hiding in the belief that her duty was to support others scheduled to be transported from Westerbork to the concentration camps in Poland and Germany.
_	The pastoral ideal was a central cornerstone to the Romanticism movement which held the belief that nature, and those close to nature, are both didactic and self-actualized.
_	According to Callahan, "WALLS" is "based on the belief that life is not a series of unrelated random events.
_	Many societies value the belief that language homogeneity is beneficial to society; in fact, the existence of a "common language" is an intrinsic part of an imagined community, which defines a nation.
_	The site Orient Express was located on also remains empty, contrary to the belief that Spinning Dragons and Patriot replaced the roller coaster.
_	The notion of endurance has been associated with the belief that sufferers, rather than those at whose hand they suffer, will ultimately triumph in seen in the songs about the ten hunger strikers.
_	He cordially supported his State in her act of secession during the American Civil War, and died in the belief that she was right.
_	In 2010, Louise Patten asserted that her grandfather Charles Lightoller claimed that the helmsman Robert Hitchens initially panicked and turned the rudder the wrong way and that subsequently Bruce Ismay ordered the boat to continue "Slow Ahead" in the belief that "Titanic" was unsinkable.
_	It also alludes to the belief that magpies are gossips, and that gossip leads to hangings.
_	"Herpestis monniera", is important in Ayurvedic medicine and has been used, particularly in India, for several thousand years in the belief that it helps mental functioning, including comprehension (Dhi), memory (Dhriti), and recollection (Smriti).
_	The names of the rulers of the several heavens were handed down as a weighty secret, which was a result of the belief that whoever knew the names of these rulers would after death pass through all the heavens to the supreme God.
_	However, this combination of words is given a unique meaning in fundamentalist Protestant circles, where it is equated with the belief that the Christian Bible "contains no theological contradictions, historical discrepancies, or other such 'errors'", otherwise known as biblical inerrancy.
_	The backbone of the film is Pandiraj's script and Vijay Milton's directorial touches and the belief that everybody irrespective of his surroundings and upbringing has an identity".
_	Heine's mode was satirical attack: against the Kings of Bavaria and Prussia (he never for one moment shared the belief that Frederick William IV might be more liberal); against the political torpor of the German people; and against the greed and cruelty of the ruling class.
_	The policy of university education initiated in the 1960s responded to population pressure and the belief that higher education was a key to social justice and economic productivity for individuals and for society.
_	The worst consequence discussed is the belief that some armed groups think that sexual violence is now an effective bargaining tool.
_	Multiracism is the conflict between the various ethnic communities that conform a state, based on the belief that racial differences produce an inherent superiority of a particular race.
_	Because of the belief that baptism is a necessary part of salvation, some hold that the Churches of Christ endorse the doctrine of baptismal regeneration.
_	One of their biggest differences was the fact that the IFL held a biological view of anti-Semitism, the belief that the Jews were inherently inferior as a race, in contrast to the BUF, whose eventual adoption of anti-Semitism was framed in ideas about the Jews' supposed undue influence at the top echelons of society.
_	The ease with which he kicks the ball in the most difficult positions suggests the belief that at one time in his life he must have gone into training with a view to an acrobatic career."
_	This premise was based on the belief that the diversion or obstruction of streams adjacent to multiple property owners, without the consent of all interested parties, was an infringement of the natural right of enjoyment of one's land.
_	Carrie is taken aback by this, having always had the belief that her father's bipolar condition was what made their marriage untenable.
_	Pacifism covers a spectrum of views, including the belief that international disputes can and should be peacefully resolved, calls for the abolition of the institutions of the military and war, opposition to any organization of society through governmental force (anarchist or libertarian pacifism), rejection of the use of physical violence to obtain political, economic or social goals, the obliteration of force, and opposition to violence under any circumstance, even defence of self and others.
_	An additional - but not universal - feature is the attempted connection between the supposed monotheism of the Zalmoxis cult and Christianity, in the belief that Dacians easily adopted and subsequently influenced the religion.
_	Landon visits the docks contemplating the belief that although Jamie is dead, she is with him.
_	In Israel, there is a belief among some that conflates the Soviet tradition of Novy God with this feast day, contributing to the belief that it is a celebration of an anti-Semitic pope who convinced Constantine to prohibit Jews from living in Jerusalem and promoted anti-Semitic legislation.
_	The X-Men were resurrected later, unknown to the world at large, but chose to keep a low profile and perpetuate the belief that they were still dead.
_	As a result, Autism Speaks is implicated in perpetuating misconceptions, including inaccurate diagnostic criteria, functioning labels, "person"-first language, the medical model of disability, equation of communication and intelligence, promotion of ABA therapy, comparisons between autism and diseases, the view of rising autism diagnosis rates as an epidemic, the concept of autism as something separable from people with autism, the view of children with autism as trapped or broken, the belief that married couples who have children with autism are more likely to divorce, and the belief that parent-on-child murder is caused by lack of services.
_	As was common in cinema's early days, the filmmakers chose to adapt an already well-known story, in this case "A Christmas Carol" by Charles Dickens, in the belief that the audience's familiarity with the story would result in the need for fewer intertitles.
_	Its title refers to the Bodhisattva, those of the belief that they have achieved spiritual perfection but remain in the material world to help others.
_	Lord Monboddo describes his translation of an ancient epigram that demonstrates malva was planted upon the graves of the ancients, stemming from the belief that the dead could feed on such perfect plants.
_	In 1917, black soldiers at the camp were involved in the Houston Riot, a riot triggered by the belief that a fellow soldier was being unfairly incarcerated in the city of Houston.
_	It is understood that some of the early basis for this was the belief that martyrs passed immediately into the presence of God, and could obtain graces and blessings for others.
_	As old as the accreditation to Rembrandt is the belief that the work would have been a self-portrait completed around 1635.
_	They created this program with the belief that the students of today should be the designers of their own future.
_	Humanistic psychology can in turn be rooted in existentialism—the belief that human beings can only find meaning by creating it.
_	Conti has argued that during the Reformation both psychosomnolence (the belief that the soul sleeps until the resurrection) and thnetopsychism (the belief that the body and soul both die and then both rise again) were quite common.
_	Having studied the early German successes McNair came under the belief that US forces would be faced with fast moving enemy forces who would seek to bypass, isolate and reduce US forces in a replay of the Fall of France.
_	As the war ended, few returning soldiers returned to the jobs that the braceros were holding, and instead, they moved on to more industrial areas and reinforced the belief that immigrants take on the jobs that Americans would not be willing to do.
_	Most thought they were Elves or wise Men; the name "Gandalf", meaning "Wand-elf", reflects the belief that he was an Elf.
_	The navel was exaggerated in size, informed by the belief that the navel symbolizes the center where life begins.
_	Experts advocate for a proactive approach, based on the belief that it will be most cost-effective to combat the problem before it is established.
_	Proponents of orthomolecular medicine strongly dispute this statement by citing studies demonstrating the effectiveness of treatments involving vitamins, though this ignores the belief that a normal diet will provide adequate nutrients to avoid deficiencies, and that orthomolecular treatments are not actually related to vitamin deficiency.
_	This veneration was present in the belief that Christ's heart poured forth a redemptive fountain through the wound in His side; an image culminating in its most famous articulation by St Bernard in his commentary on the Song of Songs.
_	This later evolved into the belief that building such walls could help one's sons and grandsons attain similar honors.
_	The motives behind becoming a traitor to one's class can include the necessity of survival (taking up whatever wage is available), the belief that the person is of a higher class and so has political views that work against the working class, the pressure of conformity, or a rejection of the view that society is divided up into antagonistic classes.
_	Nonetheless, there has been an increase in the acceptance and promotion of venison in recent years due to the cited nutritional benefits of wild meat and a growing trend toward the belief that hunting for meat is more environmentally friendly than the production of meat through factory farming.
_	FH functions on the belief that poverty is the result of broken relationships: (1) between humans and humans, (2) between humans and creation and (3) between humans and God, and that restoring these relationships in a holistic way is the key to overcoming poverty.
_	The intention of Hezbollah in choosing that location for the mortar was unclear; it might have been to shield themselves against an IDF counter-attack in the belief that the UN compound would be too close for the IDF to respond.
_	Through his discourses he was instrumental in propagating the belief that Swaminarayan was Purushottam, the Supreme Being, and that his own guru, Gunatitanand Swami, was Akshar, the divine abode of God.
_	The cult of the Hand is based on the belief that a man's right hand or arm embodies his capacity for accomplishment.
_	The experience of almost total state control during the Second World War had encouraged the belief that the state might be able to solve problems in wide areas of national life.
_	This made him the first Muslim leader to put into practice the need for such an organisation due to the belief that efforts directed through an organisation would be more effective than those originating from an individual leader.
_	In the 19th century it was believed that the correct sequence for preparing colonised people for independence was to first create the appropriate free-market institutions, in the belief that economic development, welfare and democracy, and thus true autonomy, would follow.
_	Names are taken from plant and animal names if the first born died during pregnancy or delivery in the belief that this will offset the bad omen and thus enable the subsequent children to live to adulthood.
_	Ownership of the whole site of the Church of St. Anne passed to France after the Crimean War, in 1856; and discoveries made in around 1870 led to the belief that the real Pool of Bethesda was actually located in the grounds of the Church of St. Anne.
_	We can also reject the belief that the state is an expression of the 'genius' of a people, or that it arose through a 'historical accident.'
_	This fearless advance did much to dissipate the belief that black troops were unreliable under fire.
_	This is opposed to the belief that the same thing, in particular normative institutions or correlated ideologies, are natural or essential and thus exist universally.
_	The soldiers each testified that they had opened fire in the belief that the suspected bombers were reaching for weapons or a remote detonator.
_	From 1922 until the late 1930s, under its charismatic leader Wal Hannington, the NUWM organised regular marches in which unemployed workers converged on London to confront Parliament, in the belief that this would improve conditions.
_	The Society supports the belief that wildlife, in its myriad forms, is basic to the maintenance of a human culture that provides quality living.
_	The revolt against his leadership in 1910 by Lazarus and Cottilo was based on the belief that Hayes had grown so well-to-do that he had lost touch with his constituency in the poor district.
_	Although the concept of cotransmission gradually gained acceptance in the 1980s, the belief that a single neuron acts via a single type of neurotransmitter continued to dominate the field of neurotransmission throughout the 1970s.
_	Pre-existence, preexistence, beforelife, or premortal existence refers to the belief that each individual human soul existed before mortal conception, and at some point before birth enters or is placed into the body.
_	Concepts of pre-existence can encompass either the belief that the soul came into existence at some time prior to conception or the belief that the soul is eternal.
_	University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee was founded with the belief that Milwaukee needed a great public university to become a great city.
_	The church was created in conjunction with a segment on televangelists who have tax-free mansions and private jets funded by millions of dollars in donations, which are sent in the belief that money given to televangelists can result in God rewarding donors with money, blessings, and cured diseases.
_	This is the adjustment or reorganizing of the existing occlusion, carried out in the belief that this will redistribute forces evenly across the dental arches or achieve a more favorable position of the condyles in the fossae, which is purported to lessen tooth wear, bruxism and TMD, but this is controversial.
_	Once they had met each other, Suzuki told Hayami that his dead sister was "Yoshiko Katō", and she was actually his fiancée, so he pretended to pose as her brother with the belief that Amagi would take his requests about her more seriously.
_	On 15 August, in the belief that the defences of NE England had been denuded, "Luftflotte 5" attacked across the North Sea from Norway.
_	Meperidine has been historically favored over morphine because of the belief that morphine caused an increase in sphincter of Oddi pressure.
_	In spite of her feelings for him, Cassandra deflects the conversation at a moment when she thinks he may be about to propose to her, in the belief that he is still in love with Rose.
_	This mosque represents an important cultural value, which is further increased by the belief that Prince Lazar’s remains were buried on the location of today’s Pirinaz Mosque with the permission of Sultan Bayezid, son and successor of Murat, who died in the battle of Kosovo in 1389.
_	A popular reporter, Paolo Sarpi, was a minority in his time for holding the belief that the spread of information could not be stopped so censorship was a waste of resources.
_	The alt-right is described as "a weird mix of old-school neo-Nazis, conspiracy theorists, anti-globalists, and young right-wing internet trolls—all united in the belief that white male identity is under attack by multicultural, "politically correct" forces."
_	"Authenticity beliefs" measures the extent to which the individual believes that to be a "real" Māori, one must display specific (stereotypical) features, knowledge, and behaviour, as opposed to the belief that Māori identity is fluid rather than fixed and is produced through experience.
_	The Sea Harriers dropped bombs from high level, and three Harriers strafed the airstrip with cannon fire and rockets, in the belief that A4 Skyhawks had recently landed there.
_	Having investigated many similar ghost videos of this type, he said that ""the quality of the image is often inversely proportional to the belief that the object is a ghost; the fuzzier and more ambiguous the form, the more likely a ghost will be offered as an explanation"".
_	Catholic pilgrims visit the house based on the belief that Mary, the mother of Jesus, was taken to this stone house by Saint John and lived there for the remainder of her earthly life.
_	Consistent with this, the British in 1800 were also of the belief that "[a]lthough the King exercises no positive authority over any of the islands of the Persian Gulf, those on the northern shore are all considered as part of the Empire".
_	In his sermon, Brent summarized the belief that motivated his efforts in the ecumenical movement: "The unity of Christendom is no longer a beautiful dream.
_	Connections with the local Dacian culture have been made, a culture whose philosophical tenets presumably vouched for the immortality of the soul and the belief that death was a moment filled with joy and anticipation for a better life (see also Zalmoxianism).
_	Following heavy airplay, the album entered the album charts, and despite strong opposition from the band, a decision was made to pull out of the Styx tour in the belief that continued sales would mean that the band would soon be able to headline on their own.
_	Despite continuous bombardment for a month, morale was high inside the walls of Constantinople because of Patriarch Sergius' religious fervor and his processions along the wall with the icon of the Virgin Mary, inspiring the belief that the Byzantines were under divine protection.
_	Underpinning the project’s mission is the belief that meaningful artistic interactions create community.
_	Rabbinic Jewish literature is predicated on the belief that the Torah cannot be properly understood without recourse to the Oral Law.
_	Inc.'s February 2013 announcement of discontinuation of a telecommuting option for employees, "Quiet" was cited by NBC News' Isolde Raftery for its concern that creativity would be hindered, and by "The Miami Herald's" Leonard Pitts, Jr. against the belief that synergy always produces the best results, and against the one-size-fits-all mentality that says productivity and creativity are found only when colleagues meet at the water cooler.
_	According to his own statement, he had spent considerable time in the Cherokee country of Georgia, where he had been especially attracted by the beautiful name of Allatoona, which he had bestowed upon the new town in the belief that it was a Cherokee word meaning "the high lands of great worth."
_	I included German forces providing revolutionary literature to Russian prisoners of war that were expected to return through exchange or release, French use of propaganda leaflets to demonstrate how unaffected by war the Kaiser and his family were, technical encouragement and amplification of national dissent, Wilsonian propaganda stressing peaceful settlement terms, British planting of stories attesting to underground German resistance movements and their subsequent oppression by the German government, propaganda deflecting war guilt, propaganda exposing or exaggerating the desired postwar peace terms, and the promotion of the belief that infidelity was rampant among soldiers and their families back home.
_	This design value is based on the belief that the built environment can contribute to ensuring a healthy living environment.
_	EUJS has been at the forefront of mobilizing Jewish student and youth leaders in Eastern Europe, and has been among the first organizations to do so after the fall of the Berlin Wall, in the belief that a strong European Jewish community must incorporate these neglected communities.
_	Initially they sent food parcels and medicines as Poland recovered from the ravages of war then the assistance changed to money transfers, sometimes from their own meagre pensions, in the belief that they were still better off living in freedom.
_	Further investigation is being conducted for additional species, but at this time there is no further evidence leading to the belief that more exist.
_	The often footless and wingless condition of the skins led to the belief that the birds never landed but were kept permanently aloft by their plumes.
_	In the years before the entry of the U.S. into World War II, the belief that America's shore defenses were inadequate resulted in the 1940 Modernization of the Coastal Defense program.
_	In the belief that the terrain on the south coast of Laitimor was too inhospitable for landings and that any attack was likely to be in the east, around the Bay of Baguala, the KNIL forces were concentrated at Paso, near the isthmus, under Major H. H. L. Tieland.
_	The corporate level is used to reinforce the belief that these innovative corporations are adapting more quickly to supply restriction.
_	The satirical song is entirely about the belief that girls only like gay men.
_	PLA soldiers were kept in isolation and underwent re-education to instill and reinforce the belief that a turmoil in the capital needed to be suppressed.
_	Many of the more extreme social and political ideas that were fashionable in the 1920s such as anarchism, internationalism, and the belief that the nuclear family was a bourgeois concept, were abandoned.
_	The heightened salience results in more attention and more effective encoding, which strengthens the belief that the events are correlated.
_	At the same time, the long series of border wars fought against the Xhosa people of the Cape's eastern frontier finally died down when the Xhosa partook in a mass destruction of their own crops and cattle, in the belief that this would cause their spirits to appear and defeat the whites.
_	Attenborough had confessed to previously being sceptical about the belief that global warming is predominantly caused by humans.
_	He called on the country to support the Allied and British war effort and Britain's commitment under the Triple Entente; this was a calculated response to the situation principally in the belief that the attained measure of self-government would be granted in full after the war and to be in a stronger position to stave off a final partition of Northern Ireland.
_	An economic vegetarian is someone who practices vegetarianism from either the philosophical viewpoint concerning issues such as public health and curbing world starvation, the belief that the consumption of meat is economically unsound, part of a conscious simple living strategy or just out of necessity.
_	While this subject deserves further treatment than can be elaborated upon here, it should be noted that Van's acting was in line with an established American tradition of acting out "mocking caricatures [that] for over one hundred years [reinforced] the belief that Blacks were racially and socially inferior."
_	The letter referred to Judaism as a “Satanic” religion and made reference to the medieval Blood Libel (the belief that Jews ritually murder Christian children during Passover and use their blood to bake matzo).
_	Proponents of the invasion strategy in such conflicts maintain the belief that a strong occupying force can still succeed in its goals on a tactical level, building upon numerous small victories, similar to a war of attrition.
_	The land grant was the first to be issued to Aboriginal people, and thus reflects a colonial policy asserting the belief that Aboriginal people did not own their traditional lands but that they should be granted land by the government of the time.
_	This is in consonance with the belief that modern technology and equipment are considered factors in enhancing better education.
_	Louis Philippe's father, "Louis le Pieux", gave his consent to the union in the belief that because the young bride had been brought up in a convent, she would be a paragon of virtue and as such be an ideal wife for his son.
_	He was highly critical of efforts to use science to justify political ideologies, such as socialism or the belief that women were inferior to men.
_	This approach is based on the belief that participants seek and gain deeper understanding of concepts in the text through thoughtful dialogue rather than memorizing information that has been provided for them.
_	During the War in Donbass, an OSCE observer allowed Russian separatists to use the organization's marked vehicle, which prompted the belief that the OSCE was biased in the war and not interested in carrying out its duties of mediating a ceasefire.
_	In fact, judge Julian Mack, who helped create the juvenile court system in the United States, said that juvenile justice was based on the belief that young people do not always make good decisions because they are not mature, but this means that they can be reformed more easily than adults.
_	Cases in which patients hold the belief that time has been "warped" or "substituted" have also been reported.
_	and economic thought was tending to reject the belief that they could not be differentiated, or (as the "Chicago School" had held) should not be.
_	Sunni Muslims developed the belief that the caliph is a temporal political ruler, appointed to rule within the bounds of Islamic law (Sharia).
_	Without telling any of his family or friends, Sohail becomes a member of MI5, while continuing his studies, in the belief that he hopes to help to stop terrorists before the situation deteriorates further.
_	The resident English diplomat organised his kidnap and rendition apparently in the belief that Ashfield was an agent of James VI and working to further his succession to the English throne.
_	Berlitz goes so far as to promote the belief that the people of Atlantis possessed nuclear weapons many thousands of years ago and it was a large scale nuclear war that destroyed their culture!"
_	Research generally supports the belief that language comprehension in the bilingual brain is malleable.
_	Under the belief that the Communist Party leadership knew nothing about the gulags, he wrote to Joseph Stalin 17 times over the course of his internment, never once receiving a reply.
_	However, Iwanyk was of the belief that this was irrelevant, and rather than casting an older actor looked for a film veteran.
_	Community Rowing Inc. was founded in 1985 as a nonprofit organization dedicated to the belief that the sport of rowing provides unique abilities to promote personal and community growth through teamwork, discipline, and physical fitness.
_	He later joked that he chose Chicago in the belief that it would be easier to augment his scholarship with part-time employment "in a big city like Chicago than in a small town like Cambridge."
_	On December 13, 1816, Savage, as secretary, along with William Phillips, Jr. as president, and James Prince as treasurer, founded the Provident Institution for Savings in the Town of Boston as the first chartered savings bank in the United States, with 961 accounts totaling $76,000.00, on the belief that "savings banks would enable the less fortunate classes of society to better themselves in a manner which would avoid the dangers of moral corruption traditionally associated with outright charitable institutions." 176 years later, in 1992, the bank was acquired by Fleet National Bank of Massachusetts Savage was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1824.
_	Some object-sexual individuals also often believe in animism, and sense reciprocation based on the belief that objects have souls, intelligence, and feelings, and are able to communicate.
_	Daigo holds the belief that Makai Knights should be more mindful and protective of their own lives and weapons, as their blades are tied to their lives, which are tied to the protection and salvation of innocent lives--a belief he teaches to all his students.
_	Among the tales is the belief that since the town did not have a local meat market people had to travel long distances in order to buy some meat and therefore mostly ate soup.
_	Zoroastrian eschatology includes the belief that wicked souls will remain in hell until, following the arrival of three saviors at thousand-year intervals, Ahura Mazda reconciles the world, destroying evil and resurrecting tormented souls to perfection.
_	He is dubbed knight, in the belief that thus the wicked instincts raging within him may be overcome; but thereafter he is worse than he was before.
_	In December 2013, the UK Department of Energy and Climate Change became the first Central Government department to achieve certification against the requirements of ISO 50001, leading by example with the belief that structured energy management will lead to substantial energy reductions and thus mitigate the effects of climate change.
_	Grásteinn is also associated with the belief that things will go well for the wayfarer who passes it carefully.
_	The Ferrari team, unaware of Hamilton's late overtaking move, were celebrating in the belief that Massa had won the title.
_	Poor insight is characterized by the belief that obsessive-complsive beliefs are probably true.
_	Finally, there is the belief that the name originates as a reference to name of the Hungarian king Matthias Corvinus, though there is insufficient historical evidence that Hungary controlled this region during his rule.
_	At the same time, the influence of secularism (the belief that government and law should not be based on religion) grew dramatically, and the more conservative churches saw themselves battling secularism in terms of issues such as gay rights, abortion, and creationism.
_	Fulcher noted that a mass hysteria had surrounded the holy quest of the Crusades, richly demonstrated by the belief that even a lowly waterfowl led by a nun [see below], had been blessed by the Holy Spirit and would lead them to Jerusalem.
_	White gods is the belief that ancient cultures around the world were visited by Caucasian races in ancient times, and that they were known as "White gods".
_	Persecution of people with albinism (sometimes abbreviated PWA) is based on the belief that certain body parts of albinistic people can transmit magical powers.
_	The region was known as Boca da Mata and, due to the belief that the town had no future, it was called Só se vendo (we have to see), later becoming Sósseveno in 1953.
_	The Atlas program led to the belief that the entire responsibility for deploying new weapons systems – from research, development and testing through procurement and production – should be vested in one command, rather than split between Air Materiel Command (AMC) and ARDC.
_	When they were reunited with the rest of the Imperium, wars were launched against them in the belief that they were aliens.
_	The reason for this is from the belief that advertisements may create negative effects for the development of Indonesia during that time.
_	Trams were at the time limited by the belief that they could not have a wheelbase exceeding a tenth of the minimum curve radius.
_	Iranian traditional medicine uses wet-cupping practices, with the belief that cupping with scarification may eliminate scar tissue, and cupping without scarification would cleanse the body through the organs.
_	The term 'Twelver' is based on the belief that twelve male descendants from the family of Muhammad, starting with Ali ibn Abi-Talib and ending with Muhammad al-Mahdi, are Imams who have religious and political authority.
_	It revolved around the belief that spirits ruled over the planting and harvesting of rice, a profession that had been practised for generations.
_	The Chinese concept of the world was, and is still largely a division between the civilized world and the barbarian world and there was little concept of the belief that Chinese interests were served by a powerful Chinese state.
_	After Dong Zhuo's death, several of his loyalists, such as Li Jue, Guo Si, Zhang Ji and Fan Chou, escaped on the belief that their allegiance to him would be considered as treason.
_	Among other things, they were united in the belief that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; that Christians should celebrate the Lord's Supper on the first day of each week; and that baptism of adult believers by immersion in water is a necessary condition for salvation.
_	She wrote that by making these choices in the novel, Eugenides agrees with the belief that being attracted to females is "masculine" and thus it is "more natural" for a male to be attracted to a female than a female be attracted to a female.
_	These involve the belief that some unknown native civilization occupies areas of the Pacific Coast, perhaps Inca or Aztec tribes that escaped the Spanish Conquistadors and remained isolated to protect themselves against further invasions.
_	In the belief that the terrain of the southern side of the island was too inhospitable for landings, the Allied troops were concentrated in the north.
_	The view that prostitution was to be tolerated in Paris comes from the belief that it was needed for survival.
_	The pathologists report into Milligan's death discounted the possibility of murder, lending weight to the belief that he died accidentally, as a result of autoerotic asphyxiation.
_	A technopoly is founded on the belief that technique is superior to lax, ambiguous and complex human thinking and judgement, in keeping with one of Frederick W. Taylor’s ‘Principles of scientific management’.
_	IC is founded on the belief that technology has the power to create opportunity for everyone.
_	The Church promotes the belief that Christians do not earn their salvation, but that it is a wholly unmerited gift from God, and that good works are the Christian response to that gift.
_	The main criticism of the model is the level of assumption, one being that there is no reason for growth to be sufficient to maintain full employment; this is based on the belief that the relative price of labour and capital is fixed, and that they are used in equal proportions.
_	In 2016, the Movers released the single "Super Movers," an upbeat, ska-inspired audio treat spreading the belief that everyone has the power to become a super hero.
_	John later runs into Danny near where Dutch's abandoned truck was found, and Danny says he has been taking note of all people who pass by for the past few days, on the belief that the killer will return to the scene of the crime.
_	Gompers had settled upon the belief that "pure-and-simple unionism" would serve working people well.
_	it is the belief that the deceased not properly buried will remain a wanderer and become an evil spirit tormenting people and manifesting in all forms.
_	"Sanat-Kumara Samhita" confirms the belief that this "Kama Gayatri" is the foundational structure of the Goloka, believed to be the abode of Krishna, who is the original Vaasudeva:
_	He duped Mr. Davis with the belief that President Lincoln regarded the condition of Mexico with more concern than the war; that he would be willing to make a suspension of hostilities under some sort of collusive contract, and to unite Southern and Northern troops on the Rio Grande for the invasion of Mexico, and that after matters were assured in Mexico affairs might be adjusted here.
_	The "Ponzi borrower" (named for Charles Ponzi, see also Ponzi scheme) borrows based on the belief that the appreciation of the value of the asset will be sufficient to refinance the debt but could not make sufficient payments on interest or principal with the cash flow from investments; only the appreciating asset value can keep the Ponzi borrower afloat.
_	Two more eras would follow during Kōkaku's reign, on February 5, 1801 a new era name (Kyōwa) was created because of the belief that the 58th year of every cycle of the Chinese zodiac brings great changes.
_	He also reinforced the belief that black minstrels were authentic portrayers of African American life by moving to a format of almost all plantation-themed material.
_	According to Burlingame, the "sacca-kiriyā" derives from a belief found everywhere in the world, which underlies many forms of religiosity, both of major religions and of folk religion: the belief that truth has an inherent importance and power in it.
_	These efforts are made based on the belief that Japan, as a "Proactive Contributor to Peace", needs to contribute more actively to the peace and stability of the region and the international community, while coordinating with other countries including its ally, the United States.
_	In Gandhi's view, those who attempt to convert a Hindu, "they must harbour in their breasts the belief that Hinduism is an error" and that their own religion is "the only true religion".
_	The book is written on the premise that perhaps extremists are not all that crazy, and as different as they may seem to be, they have a lot in common with each other (specifically the belief that a small group of very prominent people controls the fate of the entire world).
_	He takes particular interest in youth groups and activities with the belief that it is crucial to nurture future generations to create a better tomorrow for China and the world.
_	Prayer, sacraments, and the invocation of the name of God were prescribed instead with the belief that a person who had strong faith in God, kept the commandments, and revered the rites of the Church would be immune from storms and tempests raised by malicious witches.
_	The Electronic Frontier Foundation worked to protect the Internet from regulation in the belief that a free online community might unite people and eliminate the need for government.
_	Mormons proselytize to all people, including members of other Christian churches, holding to the belief that God told Joseph Smith "that those professors [of religion] were all corrupt; that: 'they draw near to me with their lips, but their hearts are far from me, they teach for doctrines the commandments of men, having a form of godliness, but they deny the power thereof.'"
_	In the later 1890s Signac went back to his earlier belief in the visual harmony of the Neo-impressionist style, and the belief that it signified his ideals.
_	An advantage of this characterization is the belief that the criteria that allow the identification of a concept with its references are many and varied, so that a coincidence of criteria is not necessary for successful communication except for those categories that are implicated.
_	In the belief that the European Union had to engage Belarus to prevent it from moving closer to Russia, Westerwelle – accompanied by his Polish counterpart Radek Sikorski – visited Minsk in November 2010, the first such visit in 15 years.
_	Many geologists have been stifled by the belief that proper methodology includes an a priori commitment to gradual change, and by a preference for explaining large-scale phenomena as the concatenation of innumerable tiny changes."
_	The "Essay on Government" is not strictly utilitarian, however; like all of Priestley's works, it is infused with the belief that society is progressing towards perfection.
_	The majority Arminian view accepts classical theism – the belief that God's power, knowledge, and presence have no external limitations, that is, outside of his divine nature.
_	It is based on the belief that the past, present and the future lives of all humans were foreseen by Dharma sages in ancient time.
_	The consumption of Soma by human beings was probably under the belief that it bestowed divine qualities on them.
_	When Maxwell began the actual course a few days later with a lecture on heat, it was attended by academics in formal dress, in the belief that it was the first lecture.
_	Like much of the other planning in the spring of 1945, the Green Project predicated on the belief that the war against Japan might not be concluded before the following spring.
_	In addition, Lee gave Prime Minister Han Seung-soo another chance in the belief that no proper working conditions had been provided for the cabinet due to many pending issues since the inauguration of the new administration.
_	With a weak ruler and the belief that true power rested in the hands of the leading ministers, the two factions of politics stepped up their opposition to each other, and Whig and Tory were at each other's throats.
_	"Elite Daily"'s staff was described in the TechCrunch article as having the belief that "there is no responsibility in telling the truth when it comes to [a writer's] byline or bio, as long as the articles themselves are accurate."
_	In Anglican, Old Catholic and Roman Catholic churches, the chancel lamp burns before a tabernacle or ambry to demonstrate the belief that Christ is present there through His Real Presence, as the Blessed Sacrament is reserved in these denominations.
_	This policy was maintained in the belief that education of Bengalis in India had led to discontent and rebellion.
_	Colonists were largely from northern states, such as Michigan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota under the belief that only those who grew up with climates similar to that of Alaska's could handle settler life there.
_	The United Congo Improvement Association asked the president to settle 400 African-American farmers in Alaska, saying that the territory would offer full political rights, but racial prejudice and the belief that only those from northern states would make suitable colonists caused the proposal to fail.
_	The bilingual-bicultural approach holds the belief that deaf children are visual learners as opposed to auditory learners, and therefore, academic content should be fully accessible to all deaf students (i.e. not contingent on spoken receptive/expressive skills, which may vary across students), so academic content is delivered in ASL and/or written English.
_	The philosophy of Consumer Alert advocated free-market solutions to consumer dissatisfaction and promoted the belief that markets are best regulated by informed consumers.
_	In addition, the "Los Angeles Times" reported, Russell's opposition to Proposition U, "the popular anti-growth initiative that passed overwhelmingly in her district, gave rise to the belief that she had fallen out of step with her constituents."
_	Bhasera travelled to England in the summer of 2009 for pre-season training with Portsmouth, under the belief that he was a free agent.
_	This then informed the belief that land was also godly, and therefore above mortal and ungodly humans, and humans therefore could not own land.
_	The Blue Books' notorious attack on the character of the Welsh as a nation in 1846 led to public anger and the belief that it was important for the Welsh to create a new national image.
_	Some, who actively oppose military recruitment practices in the belief that they are misleading, harmful or immoral, engage in counter-recruitment activity.
_	Phillip II of Spain himself purchased the work (prior to 1560, probably from a monastery art sale) in the belief that "The Seven Deadly Sins" was a Bosch original, and he always regarded it as such.
_	The motivation is either the belief that improvement of the land will benefit the first lender or that the first mortgage requires that it be subordinated to a future construction loan.
_	Wandering womb was the belief that a displaced uterus was the cause of many medical pathologies in women.
_	The brothers developed the stainless steel "cap" ski, and founded the company with the belief that stainless steel skis would provide better performance than skis made from other materials.
_	This assumption is based on the belief that the original settlement was known as "Beorma's ham" ("the homestead of Beorma") or "Beorma-inga-ham" ("the homestead of the tribe or people of Beorma").
_	Hodge, a Presbyterian minister, espoused the belief that, "slavery as such was not condemned by Scripture but that the way it was practiced in the South perpetuated great evil."
_	The theater's corporate services division is called Creative Outreach, a range of services built on the belief that corporate and office settings can improve their creativity and employee cultures by applying the principles of improvisational comedy.
_	Supersessionism is the belief that the New Covenant in Christ supersedes, or replaces, the Old Covenant with Israel.
_	Drawing from his Positivism, Rondon led the SPI with the belief that the native Indians should be allowed to develop at their own pace.
_	Colonialist scholar John Woodruff has suggested that one passage in particular stands out as the principal basis for the belief that late post-classic Maya had numerous written books:
_	In "The City and Man" (1964), he discusses the myths in "The Republic" that Plato proposes effective governing requires, among them, the belief that the country (land) ruled by the State belongs to it (despite some having been conquered from others), and that citizenship derives from more than the accident of birth in the City-State.
_	One of the officials interviewed declined to describe what specific intelligence led to the belief that the bomber was from Hezbollah.
_	Nijinska imparted a strong sense of discipline and the belief that being a ballerina was a full-time task.
_	It has been extirpated in the northern part of this country due to the belief that it is a crop pest.
_	Austrian own history was considered apart from common German one; by 1980 the belief that a special, "not German" national identity of Austrians has existed became firmly established in science.
_	The concept is premised on the belief that a person is first born physically and at a later date is born for a second time spiritually, usually when he undergoes the rite of passage that initiates him into a school for Vedic studies.
_	The stigma surrounding borderline personality disorder includes the belief that people with BPD are prone to violence toward others.
_	The Presbyterian Reformed Church holds to the belief that the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments are the infallible Word of God.
_	Congress was willing to afford such tax advantages based on the belief that the loss in income taxes would be more than made up by lower expenditures on public assistance programs for those who suffered significant injuries.
_	A. N. Wilson's biography expresses the belief that Belloc tended to allude to Jews negatively in conversation, sometimes obsessively.
_	A study of "Y chromosomes of self-identified Syeds from the Indian subcontinent" by Elise M. S. Belle, Saima Shah, Tudor Parfitt and Mark G. Thomas showed that "self-identified Syeds had no less genetic diversity than those non-Syeds from the same regions, suggesting that there is no biological basis to the belief that self-identified Syeds in this part of the world share a recent common ancestry.
_	A central element in the Christology presented in the Acts of the Apostles is the affirmation of the belief that the death of Jesus by crucifixion happened "with the foreknowledge of God, according to a definite plan".
_	Both terms refer to use of alternative medical treatments alongside conventional medicine, an example of which is use of acupuncture (sticking needles in the body to influence the flow of a supernatural energy), along with using science-based medicine, in the belief that the acupuncture increases the effectiveness or "complements" the science-based medicine.
_	The term is used to convey the belief that military success can only be achieved through the direct physical presence of troops in a conflict area.
_	Beverley describes the belief that organizational loyalty is equal to divine loyalty as the "central myth" of Jehovah's Witnesses employed to ensure complete obedience.
_	The need to be accurate—and the belief that others know something they do not—often supersedes the individual's personal opinion.
_	It was renamed Peninsula Catholic High school in 1966 by Bishop Russell, in the belief that the name should reflect all supporting parishes.
_	It is the belief that self-identification of each part with the whole is the one essential pre-condition of being a parliamentary nation, and that the massive shift in the composition of the population of the inner metropolis and of major towns and cities of England will produce, not fortuitously or avoidably, but by the sheer inevitabilities of human nature in society, ever increasing and more dangerous alienation.
_	It is this idea of limitlessness that Howard seeks to engage with, the belief that human suffering is never-ending, hence the name of the work – Repetition is Truth.
_	Anarchist schools are characterized by "the belief that government is both harmful and unnecessary", but may differ fundamentally, supporting anything from extreme [[individualism]] to complete [[collectivism]].
_	Tacitus was of the belief that Nerva (r. 96–98) successfully "mingled two formerly alien ideas, principate and liberty".
_	Furthermore, the idea of a unified state extended to the belief that its citizens were all of Mon descent.
_	Colonists were largely from northern states, such as Michigan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota under the belief that only those who grew up with climates similar to that of Alaska's could handle settler life there.
_	The United Congo Improvement Association asked the president to settle 400 African-American farmers in Alaska, saying that the territory would offer full political rights, but racial prejudice and the belief that only those from northern states would make suitable colonists caused the proposal to fail.
_	One of the junior officers had shut down the central radar and parts of the defence system without notifying the commander, in the belief that the ship was not under threat.
_	This sutra shows elements of Mahayana sutras such as the belief that an Arahant can see all the Buddha fields and a practice which allows one to see with the eyes of the Buddha and receive teachings from him.
_	Within the same day as her husband's death, Lenina is married to her former fiancé the Lord of Markind, guided by the belief that this is the only way to counter the bad luck caused by Clennen's murder.
_	They also expressed the belief that their agreements had expired after one year, even though Raff explained that they had agreed to three year work agreements, and that they wanted to return to Mare.
_	As such, the belief that Puritanism was anything but religiously radical in relation to English, and indeed British, culture stands as one of his great achievements as an historian.
_	Sources conflict as to whether the nickname was derived from his German ethnicity or from the belief that he was able to throw a "double curve" following "the curves of a pretzel."
_	The lack of any transportation links was one of the main problems that curtailed exploitation of the Rhondda Valley coal fields, along with the belief that the coalfields beneath the valley were thought to be too deep for economic working.
_	Advertisers aim to reach consumers as efficiently as possible with the belief that it will result in a more effective campaign.
_	Class collaboration is a principle of social organization based upon the belief that the division of society into a hierarchy of social classes is a positive and essential aspect of civilization.
_	Some of these pedagogical approaches have been disputed—for example, the belief that experiencing environment first hand is an essential component of engaging people in conservation has been disputed by arguments that these education efforts have been informed by behaviorist socio-psychology models that assumed a linear causality between education experience and pro-environmental behavior.
_	Jackson was determined to write novels that are multicultural romances, featuring African-American characters, that "convey the belief that love is every[where]."
_	With the belief that people with developmental disabilities are entitled to the same rights as everybody else, Service Coordinators assist individuals in locating resources and advocating for themselves, such that their needs are continuously met.
_	The women formed the first women critics organization in the United States in the belief that women’s perspectives and voices in film criticism would then be recognized fully.
_	At the time of the novel's launch, Boyd went some way to encourage the belief that Tate had really existed.
_	In the past, some bestiality laws may have been made in the belief that sex with an animal could result in monstrous offspring, as well as offending the community.
_	Wippel says, Godfrey opposed the Mendicant orders for the belief that, "those who had confessed to mendicants by reason of the privileges granted to the latter by Pope Martin's bull were still bound to confess the same sins once again to their own priests."
_	This is based on the belief that the traditional academic development that is characteristic of most education institutions is only one of the multiple intelligences that need developing in a school.
_	The term "eco-agriculture" was coined by Charles Walters, economist, author, editor, publisher, and founder of "Acres Magazine" in 1970 to unify under one umbrella the concepts of "ecological" and "economical" in the belief that unless agriculture was ecological it could not be economical.
_	Modern Nation of Islam theology is based upon the belief that Fard’s teaching of Elijah Muhammad was fulfillment of scripture regarding God’s teaching of an Apostle, where Fard is described as "God in Person", the "Messiah", and the "Mahdi".
_	Epiphenomenalism is a mind–body philosophy marked by the belief that basic physical events (sense organs, neural impulses, and muscle contractions) are causal with respect to mental events (thought, consciousness, and cognition).
_	According to the official website, FenceSitter Films was ""founded on the belief that films don't need straight white men as heroes in order to be successful and entertaining.""
_	Kvutzot were deliberately small, not exceeding 200 members, in the belief that this was imperative for maintaining trust.
_	One problem, labeled the ludic fallacy by Taleb, is the belief that the unstructured randomness found in life resembles the structured randomness found in games.
_	The Chomskyan school also holds the belief that linguistic structures are largely innate and that what are perceived as differences between specific languages are surface phenomena that do not affect the brain's universal cognitive processes.
_	Within New Thought organizations, centers and churches, the foundational logic of this form of prayer is based on the belief that God is unlimited and plays no favorites, that God has created spiritual laws that are both as mysterious and as constant as scientific principles like gravity, and thus, if one's prayer is correctly and diligently focused, it will be answered consistently.
_	Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was never put into action because of limitations in funds and the belief that the tides of the war were beginning to turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
_	In 1746 he wrote a treatise on electricity, "An Essay to show the Cause of Electricity and why some things are Non-Electricable, in which is also considered its Influence in the Blasts on Human Bodies, in the Blights on Trees, in the Damps in Mines, and as it may affect the Sensitive Plants" (republished in 1752 with the more concise title "Treatise on the Nature and Property of Fire"), expressing the belief that lightning and electricity were the same.
_	He further looked at human behavior by questioning the belief that humans have a higher sense of morality than animals.
_	Cincinnati sports writer Earl Lawson wrote that the change was driven by the belief that the team required tougher leadership.
_	He always advocated the belief that Catholic books sustain a high culture and nurture piety.
_	Fallibilism is not to be confused with skepticism, which is the belief that knowledge is unattainable for rational human beings.
_	They based their demand on the belief that, since Heaven was ruled by the Trinity, in the same way the empire should be governed by three emperors.
_	A score of 94-100, in Rounds 1-3, indicates the belief that the Contestant is Finalist Caliber".
_	Indeed, as the belief that the abdication was inevitable gathered strength, Goddard stated that: "[his] client was ready to do anything to ease the situation but the other end of the wicket [Edward VIII] was determined".
_	"U.S. News & World Report" tries to dispel the myths about the mompreneur movement, including the belief that an innovative product idea will lead to easy money.
_	It disputed the belief that reason should be put above faith.
_	Some 19th- and 20th-century Baptist ministers in the Southern United States taught the belief that there were two separate heavens; one for blacks, and one for whites.
_	Both companies filmed the game in colour with both commentaries echoing the belief that it had been a classic final.
_	In the sixteenth century the French surgeon Ambroise Paré introduced the lancing of gums using a lancet, in the belief that teeth were failing to emerge from the gums due to lack of a pathway, and that this failure was a cause of death.
_	While Cross upholds the belief that everyone should have access to higher education, she counters that remedial programs used as an effort to “catch up” the students falling behind is not the answer.
_	This led to the belief that one could easily deduce policy conclusions directly from a highly abstract theoretical model.
_	While Mahayana Buddhism was gradually eclipsed in Thailand, certain features of Thai Buddhism—such as the appearance of the bodhisattva Lokeśvara in some Thai religious architecture, and the belief that the king of Thailand is a bodhisattva himself—reveal the influence of Mahayana concepts.
_	Sinegal is known for a benevolent style of management rooted in the belief that employees who are treated well, will in turn, treat/serve customers well.
_	He believed it better to try to get terms "safeguarding the independence of our Empire, and if possible that of France", in the belief that peace talks would make it easier to get the BEF home.
_	He argued against the belief that God's foreknowledge of events was the cause of events, and held that the doctrines of repentance, baptism, and conversion depended on the existence of free will.
_	She was amongst a group of twenty some nuns in the United States who were part of an extremely provocative New York Times advertisement that helped to relinquish the belief that all Roman Catholics regard abortion as a sin and share the same views on it.
_	Astrology — the belief that stars and planets influence a person's future — arose in Babylonia, where it was originally only applied to the king or nation.
_	Due to forms of discrimination, homophobia, and heterosexism, and the belief that heterosexuality is normative within society, domestic violence has been characterized as being between the male perpetrator and the female victim.
_	The aim of this day is to promote and raise awareness of Jewish culture to the wider society in the countries where this event takes place, in the belief that a greater awareness of the culture, tradition and life of the different communities living in the same country or city helps people to know the "other", and thus, strengthens communication and dialogue between cultures in the country.
_	In this direction, there is the belief that if homeless people are given independent housing to start, with some proper social supports, then there would be no need for emergency homeless shelters, which it considers a good outcome.
_	Meanwhile, Thomas leaves the rendezvous, resigned to the belief that either Stephanie was a double-agent or that she had been captured.
_	The outbreak of World War II, in 1939, pushed Eliot further into the belief that there was something worth defending in society and that Germany had to be stopped.
_	Its primary tenet was the belief that they are the ancient Moabites who inhabited the Northwestern and Southwestern shores of Africa.
_	One of Steadman's employees [warned him] that Quartermaster Foster had 'parties watching your concern and he has expressed the belief that you are sneaking and that he says he will have goods or blood'
_	One common misconception with the inline model is the belief that it allows the registration of event handlers with custom arguments, e.g. codice_9 in the codice_10 function.
_	Thus viewed, the legal legitimacy is the belief that the law and agents of the law are rightful holders of authority; that they have
_	Jami created an all-embracing unity emphasized in a unity with the lover, beloved, and the love one, removing the belief that they are separated.
_	He became intrigued by the belief that exercise can preserve one's health.
_	What he observed was called magical thinking, such as the belief that a person can impact reality by wishing or willpower.
_	As her correspondence shows, while Barnave was taking great political risks in the belief that the queen was his political ally and had managed, despite her unpopularity, to secure a moderate majority ready to work with her, Marie Antoinette was not considered sincere in her cooperation with the moderate leaders of the French Revolution, which ultimately ended any chance to establish a moderate government.
_	This theology, though original in some respects, has often been compared to Adoptionism, Arianism, and Sabellianism, all of which Trinitarians rejected in favour of the belief that God exists eternally in three distinct persons.
_	For example, Josephus' description of the death of John the Baptist includes consideration of his virtues, the theology associated with his baptismal practices, his oratorical skills, his influence, the circumstances of his death, and the belief that the destruction of Herod's army was a divine punishment for Herod's slaughter of John.
_	His widow Elizabeth wrote to her second husband some time after Bosworth expressing the belief that the boy had been poisoned ("a little before [or] or more probably a little after" that battle, reports Baldwin) by her ex-brother-in-law Edward Stanley, who, having received James's estates from his attainder, wished to ensure that John would not be able to seek its reversal.
_	Castle the means of killing the generals by giving him a loaded M1911 handgun, and destroys the incriminating evidence out of the belief that if exposed, the U.S. military would lose all sense of credibility.
_	Ford disagrees with the belief of sinless perfection, and does not hold to the belief that the saints are sealed at the end time, but holds that the final removal of sin occurs when mortality changes to immortality at the return of Jesus Christ.
_	He said he was driven by the belief that all qualified applicants should have the opportunity to volunteer.
_	The Flyers, meanwhile, left with the belief that the Soviet team had confirmed their feelings that Russian players were skilled but soft.
_	When this failed to make progress in educating the masses he moved towards Socialism in the belief that changes in the structure of power and the economy were needed to raise up the people.
_	San Diego was originally centered on the Old Town district, but by the late 1860s the focus had shifted to the bayfront, in the belief that this new location would increase trade.
_	It was also, however, a symbol of purity due to its whiteness and the belief that it was without bile.
_	Crown said in 1985 that "The average supermarket size has been growing based on the belief that larger stores are more efficient.
_	Relationship Development Intervention (RDI) is a trademarked proprietary treatment program for autism spectrum disorders (ASD), based on the belief that the development of dynamic intelligence is the key to improving the quality of life for autistic people.
_	This ambitious 26-mile system was created in response to the belief that it would not only help create healthful, accessible and livable neighborhoods, but would also spur residential real estate development in what was then the outskirts of the city.
_	After a rest period, he went into hiding in the forest and joined up with fellow Estonian and Latvian Forest brothers, in the belief that it was "better to die in the forest with a weapon in your hands than in a Soviet camp".
_	It comes from the belief that if politicians have few powers and many checks, then they can do relatively little damage.
_	Racial stereotypes propagated the belief that Native American women were unfit to raise or to have children in comparison to white women.
_	He held the belief that two coupled axles were enough for any express engine (his masterpiece being the Prussian S 6 class) and trailing axles as in the "Pacific" configuration were unnecessary.
_	Protestants questioned the belief that the Pope had the sole authority to interpret scripture.
_	The performance of the rite signifies the belief that the life is continuous and does not end by one's death.
_	Drawing on that experience, he resolved to take action, not only out of sympathy for the scavengers but also in the belief that scavenging is a dehumanising practice that would ultimately have a destructive impact on modern Indian society.
_	Tan also proposed that a race-based election can give rise to the belief that a racial community is entitled to have one of its own to be elected President, leading to the expectation for other public offices to be rotated amongst the races as well.
_	They discovered that Rastafarians had unusually low glaucoma rates and local fishermen were washing their eyes with cannabis extract in the belief that it would improve their sight.
