_	She finds out and outs herself as a fake and tells everyone her true occupation and origin, and flees to try to find Ahmed only to over hear him talking about the bet that he has made with his neighbor in order to fool his father.
_	So the bet that occurs when each player has three cards is called "third card" or "third street", while the bet that occurs when each player has five cards is "fifth street".
_	"William McGregor Paxton... benefited from an art-savvy wife who supported his career, using her energy in the bet that his offered the more secure future," said author and art historian Rena Tobey.
_	One night, Tosya's nasty dorm-mate reveals to the other girls the bet that Ilya has made, and there is a debate over whether to break the news to Tosya.
_	Strong artificial intelligence (Strong AI) is the bet that computer programmers will somehow eventually achieve a computing machine with a mind of its own, and that it will eventually be more powerful than a human mind.
_	(where the second price above is that of the bet that includes the refund in case of cancellation).
_	When she was fixing her top, Darren took an incriminating photo of her with his mobile phone, to try to convince Mercedes that he had slept with her; and win the bet that the pair had with each other.
_	In 2015, the Mellings announced that " this iconic event will not take place in 2015", adding that "in the final analysis, we are a two person business and we can’t continue to risk what we have built up over the last seventeen years on the bet that we will have good weather in 2015".
_	They usually depend upon a condition set in the bet that the mark doesn't notice.
_	They confront him, and he explains about the bet that led him to Molly's house, and his dubious man Mullins; he also unmasks Hargate as a card sharp.
_	On February 17, 2014, Rivers returned to the "Tonight Show" as part of a skit in which numerous celebrities paid new host, Jimmy Fallon, after having lost the bet that he would never become the host of the program.
_	Bobby get a film with his love interest Sapna (Sameera Reddy), and makes a deal with winner of the bet that if his boys win another game, the amount is off.
_	The story begins with Don Juan meeting Don Luis in a crowded wine shop in Seville so that the two can find out which of them has won the bet that they made one year ago: each expected himself to be able to conquer more women and kill more men than the other.
_	"By choosing, on the other hand, the restitution of the declamation and the ancient pronunciation, we make the bet that polyphony[...]
