_	""Central Spirit"" which has purportedly served as ""a social glue"", is a term for camaraderie, unity or reminisce the fond school day memories and activities at Central that has become symbolic of the bond that unites Centralians.
_	Central to the film is the bond that developed between Stroman and the Israeli-born filmmaker Ilan Ziv.
_	Charles concluded that "if you're a fan of the VH1 series, then there are gems on this CD that will deepen your appreciation for the bond that the Norwoods have maintained under the glaring spotlight.
_	According to Tennov, there are at least two types of love: limerence, which she describes as, among other things, "loving attachment", and "loving affection", the bond that exists between an individual and his or her parents and children.
_	Physalins are steroidal constituents of "Physalis" plants which possess an unusual 13,14-seco-16,24-cyclo-steroidal ring skeleton (where the bond that is normally present between the 13 and 14 positions in other steroids is broken while a new bond between positions 16 and 24 is formed; see figure below).
_	“Fumetsu no Scrum” is a song describing the bond that exists among friends.
_	Lead singer Dan Reynolds has stated that the song is about his relationship with his parents and explained that while "at times it's been strained and difficult... in the end, 'I Bet My Life' celebrates the bond that we still hold on to."
_	On the same occasion, in front of the tribal chiefs who accompanied him, Mullā Mustafā emphasized the bond that existed with the Khawaja Khinno family, and the need to continue to protect the family which was dear to him:
_	The 2009 adjacent descriptive plaque reads, "The many friends of Hamlin Lake dedicate this sculpture to the bond that links the generations of families with the natural wonders of our Great Lakes ecosystem.
_	The comfort level and the bond that needed to be shown between Saba and Irtiza was easily visualized, thanks to the directors and actors."
_	Though the host, Stacey, continually bounces around between Richard Kraft's collectibles, the real focus of the film is the bond that develops between Richard and his son Nicky.
_	Though strained on occasion, the strength of the bond that had developed between Jazinda and Jen—whom she considers her only friend in the galaxy—is demonstrated through her repeatedly expressing concern for Jen's mental well being and sense of identity following events surrounding the Civil War, and when she confesses her immortality and the fact that she's betrayed her people in acquiring the ability.
_	By this time, the bond that Tracy and Dillon once shared began to tear and Dillon began to find out the exact kind of person that his mother really was.
_	In Vilfredo’s words, “the bond that keeps our family so united is that we were, are and will be dreamers.
_	The penal bond is another type of the bond that was historically used to assure the performance of a contract.
_	At the same time it traces the birth of feudalism from the germs of the Gallo-Roman personal comitalus; and shows how the bond that united the different parties was the contract of the fief; and how, after a slow growth of three centuries, feudalism was definitely organized in the 12th century.
_	Eventually, a group of New York luminaries advanced funds for that purpose, as well as paying the bond that Barnard had lost because he had not delivered the works on time.
_	The malevolent entity remembers the bond that Jacen had forged earlier, and Jacen suggests to it to work against the Yuuzhan Vong.
_	Set in the picturesque French countryside A Common Thread is a touching, thought-provoking drama about the bond that forms between two women.
_	She also liked the bond that was forming between Jim and Andy, and said Ed Helms was particularly good in "Heavy Competition".
_	As an alternative to a homosexual relationship, Chaplais suggests that the bond that existed between the King and Gaveston was that of an adoptive brotherhood.
_	In general, the greater the difference in electronegativity between two atoms the more polar the bond that will be formed between them, with the atom having the higher electronegativity being at the negative end of the dipole.
_	The film follows a series of women experiencing difficulties with their pregnancies and explores the bond that forms between them at a hospital.
_	Heat, humidity, and time rapidly degrade the bond that the polyurethane foam has with the face fabric.
_	This results from the fact that the members of the association are no longer serving personnel, but civilians, though still retaining the bond that the badge represents.
_	Given the bond that developed between the two women (and the difficult position her new friend was in), with the Duke's acquiescence, the duchess agreed to having Lady Elizabeth live with them.
_	When the couples all had a family get together the couple was put into an intense boot camp to see if John the expert could overhaul the bond that they had.
_	They can live their life without the bond that is so essential to their cousins.
_	He further writes that the film is about "the complications that arise when Doc Holliday falls in love with Billy the Kid, and Pat Garett becomes jealous of the bond that develops between the two men."
_	Sajid gradually appreciates his culture and new surroundings which pleases George, except that he is slightly jealous of the bond that develops between his son and Pir Naseem.
_	However, this was immediately followed by a bond of friendship between the Mackays and Adam Gordon, Earl of Sutherland dated 16 August 1518, in which Mackay renewed the bond that his father had made with the Gordon Earl of Sutherland before him.
_	Verner was unable to recruit any villagers to join him until Benga spoke of the "muzungu" saving his life, the bond that had grown between them, and his own curiosity about the world Verner came from.
_	It details the bond that grows between Mani, a homeless vagrant, and Oona, a lonely woman who allows him to stay in her garden shed.
_	Around 100 credit unions suffered a second round of losses because the bond that Davy acquired to compensate them for the earlier losses itself crashed in value.
_	Marriages between the members of these two tribes further strengthened the bond that had since bound the two leaders.
_	The statement said that the artists added their voices in favor of the bond that existed between "our great country and our great Allies."
_	Part four speaks of the bond that ties the people of the 'New Covenant' (Christians) to Abraham's stock (Jews).
_	Performances run surprisingly deep, and the bond that links Jing and Xiaowei, in particular, rings very true in spite of the square-off between divas Zhou Xun and Zhao Wei."
_	The pull-off test, also called stud pull test is a near-to-surface method in which an adhesive connection is made between a stud and the carrier (or object to be tested) by using a glue, possibly an epoxy or polyester resin, that is stronger than the bond that needs to be tested.
_	He said that a gift from the delegation of five million CFA francs was intended for use as the bond that presidential candidates were required to pay.
_	Leisler failed to furnish the bond that was required of him, a warrant was issued for his arrest, and the churches and people were thrown into a ferment.
_	The iconography of this period in the temples also supports the bond that existed between the two cultures of India and Tibet.
_	Such third kind was the basis for most religious theories and this theory was the bond that still allowed science and religion to have some common ground.
_	He was more than just the backbone of The Rocketz...he was the bond that kept everyone together, he was like a son to me."
_	I don't quite buy the bond that springs up between the Doctor and Georgia Moffett's Jenny (a name she is given rather quickly).
_	His assigned project was to determine if electrostatic forces could account for the energy needed to make two parts of an ethane molecule rotate around the bond that joins them.
_	Stegner's powerful but unassuming narrative traces the bond that develops between the Langs and the Morgans from their first meeting in 1937 through their eventual separation on the occasion of Charity's death from cancer.
_	As such, the proportion measures the charge density at the surface of the ion; usually the denser the charge, the stronger will be the bond that the ion forms.
_	Before the correlation between fold type and reaction correlation of proteins were understood, Harmon C. Dunathan, a chemist at Haverford College proposed that the bond that is cleaved using pyridoxal is perpendicular to the system.
_	Through practices that bring the chapter together as a whole, fraternities and sororities place emphasis upon the bond that is created through their shared Greek affiliation.
_	Their motto: "My Brother’s Keeper" was tattooed on the boys, sealing the bond that they had with one another.
_	Dark Keroro and Fuyuki view from the top of the Statue to witness the strength of Fuyuki's friends, Dark Keroro started losing it, he questions Keroro about the bond that he and Fuyuki have, and Keroro told him that there was nothing special, and then Fuyuki said "Caring for friends is something that's shared by all, including humans and invaders."
_	And the bond that is growing between Lexie and Meredith is nice to see.
_	Julian Baggini wrote in the "Financial Times" that it was "a remarkable portrait of the bond that can exist between a human being and a beast."
_	Although we no longer have the bond that united us, there's no hate!"
