_	The law of 24 January 1997, defines dependency as "a state in which the person who, notwithstanding the care that is likely to receive, needs support for the performance of actions essential to life or requires regular supervision".
_	Wiig's family had said they were "deeply grateful for the care that is being extended to us and for the prime minister's direct call to us."
_	Furthermore, some expansions were praised for the additional content beyond the note-matching gameplay; "Guitar Hero: Metallica" is considered to be one of the series' best works to be developed by Neversoft in part due to the care that the developers took with imaging the band and the available extras for the game.
_	Doucet was noted for the care that he took in choosing his illustrators.
_	Henri Matisse was so moved by the care that he received from the Dominican Sisters that he collaborated in the design and interior decoration of their Chapelle du Saint-Marie du Rosaire in Vence, France.
_	Stating that "the care that goes into its products is obvious in Jumpman", "The Commodore 64 Home Companion" wrote that "it's really 30 games in one, with seemingly endless variants on the simple jumping theme to keep you interested".
_	Leaders within Indian Health Service have also stated that if more Native American and Alaska Natives transferred to health plans under the Affordable Care Act, there will be more funds to address other issues, "We’re not funded at the entire need for our population," says Geoffrey Roth, senior advisor to the Director of the Indian Health Service stated, "So we, in many cases, have to prioritize medical needs, and by doing that we’re not able to provide all of the care that individuals need."
_	At the end of the film, Rocky dies at the age of 107, knowing that his grandson is well, and that he has provided all the care that he could for him.
_	Many of LHS' A.P. teachers are praised for their proficiency in education and the care that they have for their students.
_	Unconditional positive regard refers to the care that the therapist needs to have for the client.
_	Also, the care that the system delivers is of much poorer quality than Americans realize.
_	He realised that the care that was being provided by the religious institutions had not been keeping up with other medical advances that were available at the time.
_	VisitFootball, a joint venture between the Premier League and the national tourism board's VisitEngland, has been assessing the care that patrons receive at football grounds since August 2010, and presents annual awards for those clubs who deliver outstanding customer service.
_	A major theme in Hayes' work is the connection of people to the natural environment, and much of her work is concerned with the care that is required to grow and maintain large- and small-scale ecosystems.
_	Horsemen and Horsewomen appreciated the care that was taken towards their horses.
_	Negligence – failure to exercise the care that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in like circumstances
_	The formal approach in his pictures is realistic and is influenced by the care that the Old Masters took.
_	In July 2009, a Special Commission on the Health Care Payment System in Massachusetts distinguished between episode-based payments (i.e., bundled payments) and "global payments" that were defined as "fixed-dollar payments for the care that patients may receive in a given time period... plac[ing] providers at financial risk for both the occurrence of medical conditions and the management of those conditions."
_	V.I. Lenin, in "Imperialism, the Highest Stage of Capitalism" (1916)—which was probably his most influential work on later Marxian scholarship—made use of Hobson's "Imperialism" extensively, remarking in the preface "I made use of the principal English work, "Imperialism", J. A. Hobson's book, with all the care that, in my opinion, that work deserves."
_	Slanderous statements have been made about the conduct of the orphanage, the conditions that prevailed there, and in general about the care that was given to the children...
_	The room's corners are rounded, showing the care that went into its construction.
_	In the majority of cases, the care that chiropractors and physicians provide divides the market, however for some, their care is complementary.
_	They are meant to symbolize the care that families and communities give to new members and they are also a reminder that we always need care in our lives.
_	He went on to praise Mamet's trademark verbal constructions, his restrained approach to on-screen gunplay, and the care that he takes in shaping the relationships between the principals.
_	Representatives of the American Humane Association were on set at all times to ensure the health and safety of all animals involved, and the Association awarded the film an "outstanding" rating for the care that was taken of all the animals during the production.
_	The new declaration of loyalty not only promised loyalty to the government, but claimed that the Soviets had never mistreated the Church and thanked the government for the care that had been shown to believers.
_	They also note the care that the culprit performed the work, and speculate that the person they are looking for is showing some compassion for his victims, calling for emergency help and using the serum to hope that they are given the proper care in time.
_	The doctors and staff are on call around the clock so that the animals get the care that they need.
_	Graham Stanier told "The Observer" that he was "immensely proud" of the help provided to the show's guests, with "full shows of people coming back on the programme who have been successful in overcoming drug, alcohol or relationship problems, through the care that we have provided".
_	CCPs are able to provide all of the care that PCPs and ACPs provide.
_	Recent archaeological works have uncovered information about the care that was available from the friars.
_	The patients still needed to be cared for but no place catered for the care that the ex-patients of the institute needed, that is when the idea of an industrial colony began.
_	Reportedly inspired by the care that she had given a pregnant girl brought to her by the police the previous year, she opened the St. Margaret's Maternity Home in Strawberry Hills, New South Wales, in 1894.
_	Negligence is the term used in law to indicate that the conduct of a person has not conformed to a prescribed standard: that of the reasonable person (more specifically, what a reasonable person would have foreseen in the circumstances, and the care that would have been exercised by a reasonable person in such circumstances).
_	CCPs are able to provide all of the care that PCPs and ACPs provide.
_	To help illustrate the care that must be taken in teaching children and to emphasise the necessity of properly directing and managing their attentiveness, Maria Edgeworth drew several comparisons with non-European peoples.
_	Given that the directors can not ensure corporate success, the business judgment rule specifies that the court will not review the business decisions of directors who performed their duties (1) in good faith; (2) with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would exercise under similar circumstances; and (3) in a manner the directors reasonably believe to be in the best interests of the corporation.
_	This fact is further enhanced by the often lengthy quests that Azuma, Kanmuri, and Kawachi undertake to find the perfect ingredient, or the perfect method of incorporating that ingredient to emphasize its natural flavor, and the care that the locals took producing it.
_	"Prison Ministry" is a larger concept, including the support of the spiritual and religious needs of prison guards and staff, whose work in an often demanding and brutal environment often creates a special need for pastoral care, similar to the care that is extended to the military, police officers and fire fighters.
_	Further evidence of his humanity was the care that he displayed for the lives and well-being of his men, whom he was always reluctant to sacrifice for the sake of glory.
_	He recorded the care that Hughes took to try and identify victims from their possessions and physical characteristics.
_	The original brick building is scarcely recognizable for all its additions and improvements during its first century, but the community spirit responsible for its existence still thrives in the care that the hospital offers today.
_	Despite the care that the builders took to get the joints right, they may have made some mistakes along the way, as some of the timbers have holes for pegs and mortises that were never used.
_	Huggins calmed his star and showed the care that those who know him regularly see.
_	Marshall Berman states that "The canal was a triumph of publicity; but if half the care that went into the public relations campaign had been devoted to the work itself, there would have been far fewer victims and far more development."
_	But there are millions of kids out there who don't have CHIP, and they wouldn't get the care that my sister and I did if they got hurt.
_	One of the cancer society's commercials stated, "We're making progress, but it's not enough if people don't have access to the care that could save their lives."
_	By age 33, her husband and Youngcare founder, David Conry, could no longer provide the care that Shevaune needed on a 24-hour basis.
_	The story focuses on Victor, a sex addict, who must find work in order to afford the care that his mother is receiving in her nursing home.
_	The review in "The Guardian" commented: "[D]espite the care that has so clearly gone into every aspect of the production, it often seems to be the orchestral music that is really in charge of the drama, as if the usual priorities of opera have been reversed.
_	GameTrailers stated "The air of unpredictability and the care that was paid to each separate element puts it in lofty company.
_	He cannot afford the care that his mother is receiving so he resorts to being a con man.
_	The duty of good faith requires control persons to exercise care and prudence in making business decisions—that is, the care that a reasonably prudent person in a similar position would use under similar circumstances.
_	Perioperative care is the care that is given before and after surgery.
_	More often than not, when some has Alzheimer's disease they do not receive the care that is needed, and a decline in one's mental health is seen.
_	This cognitive archaeological approach may be problematic in its logical leaps and incomplete use of archaeological sources, as historian David Beach has pointed out, demonstrating the care that must be used when attempting to explain deep-time intentionality using archaeological evidence.
_	Paulina stated, "It is important to make our voice heard and try to bring back some of the care that the community shares each day".
_	His high regard for the care that the islanders gave to the grave was, as he himself admitted in his book, in contrast to his general impression of the Japanese.
_	Through her photography Cobb was able to capture women with the care that no other photographer could have brought to the medium.
_	Marie Power R.S.J. has said that Mary MacKillop (St Mary of the Cross) "would have a smile of approval for this important educational venture which is doing so much for the Catholic youth of Rotorua - a place very dear to her heart for the care that was afforded her there in a time of failing health, and especially because it was she herself who initiated the founding of the first Catholic school in Rotorua."
_	Fans have credited the series for the care that both Ross and the BBC have placed in its production.
_	He defended the Allied bombing of Rome as a wartime necessity and praised the care that was taken in the air raids to protect the city's religious and cultural treasures.
_	This “cross-fertilization” of kindness is also used, e.g., to try to have the care that children have for their own pets be extended to animals in their community, animals in circuses and zoos, animals in agriculture and on factory farms, or to show how reducing pollution in one’s neighborhood can help ecosystems far away.
_	According to “African-Americans, Health Disparities, and HIV/AIDS,” social workers who work in culturally diverse settings should strive to act as “interpreters” in order to communicate with the individuals that they serve about the care that is available to them.
_	"all the care that was possible for him to give…(Signed:) Laforcade,"<br>
_	This report shows that a thousand Americans die each week because the care they get is not consistent with the care that medical science tells us they should get."
_	One of his early intentions, deeply rooted in the care that he had for his society and his fellow Zoroastrians, was to employ as many bright young Zoroastrians as possible in his business, to reduce the centuries old dependency of their society on traditional farming.
_	In addition, 10 percent of the participants had an agreement with their caregiver(s) to trade inheritance of their property for the care that they were receiving.
_	He added: "With all of the care that went into the book, I'm surprised at the generally haphazard quality of the illustrations.
_	Where licensees are present, activities conducted on the land by or at the behest of the owner of the land must be conducted with the care that a prudent person would show.
_	After their eventful hatching, he described the proper living conditions and environment that the silkworms should be immersed in, as well as the care that should be given in feeding them.
_	Since these people have no incentive to take the care that professional archaeologists would, they may end up destroying a great many of the site's artifacts.
_	However, the church also recognises that in circumstances of "strict and undeniable medical necessity", the care that medical professionals need to give to the mother may result in the termination of her pregnancy.
_	Jarvis emphasised the care that he would take with his best horse by saying 'You ought to start buying shares in cotton wool because that's what this horse is going to be wrapped in."
_	What O'Connor did allow was that the public employer's decision must be the result of "the care that a reasonable manager would use before making an employment decision".
_	The first general campaign in favor of the strike at Castelnuovo near Larderello broke out in 1915, in spite of the care that "prince-father," faithful to the principles of Larderel, offered to the wives and children of the workers who were on the battlefront.
_	At present, Pakistan's sports goods enjoy a world-wide recognition mainly because of the care that goes into their designing, manufacturing and selecting of the finest raw materials.
