_	The Quality Label gives the certainty that the company or the establishment have dedicated themselves to hospitality and specific quality standards.
_	We can no longer live like our Stone Age ancestors, nor as in the past century, since the series of inventions, since the discoveries of science have brought the certainty that all production will increase a hundredfold when these innovations will be used for the general good, instead of letting just a handful of vultures help themselves in order to starve the rest."
_	There was the thought or the certainty that if a party was truly centralised, each member would submit naturally to the instructions or directives.'
_	I have to warn my compatriots that the time has ended when we were able to take refuge in our isolation and rely on the certainty that the distances, the oceans, and the poles were a guarantee of safety.
_	Gentlemen favouring him with their business may depend on the best possible prices compatible with the certainty that settling day will arrive.
_	Santiago is a photographer; a man who has ravaged his own life and who now wanders through his marriage with the certainty that love is about to perish.
_	An in depth discussion of lab results and the certainty that the patient can understand them may lead to the patient feeling reassured, and with that may bring positive outcomes in the physician-patient relationship.
_	Without the protection of society against them, "The followers of the "golden rule" may indulge in hopes of heaven, but they must reckon with the certainty that other people will be masters of the earth."
_	The message is a final confession from the Comprachicos, written in the certainty that their ship was about to founder in a storm.
_	He is already storing up not only plentiful nostalgia and regret, but also a more complicated treasure: the certainty that he didn't merely imagine the land where others live happily ever after.
_	The facts that DeSimone would have had access to the money, plus the certainty that he would have known his lover (Theresa Ferrara) was an informer for the FBI, sealed his fate.
_	The Daoist idea of "bianhua" (metamorphosis, or "change and transformation"), "that the certainty that the world is in flux leaves open the possibility that things may transform from one type to another" (Csikszentmihalyi 2008: 229), can be traced from the "Zhuangzi" through the Shangqing School.
_	Vlad to leave, John seems inspired by his visit, and the next day gathers all his old textbooks in the certainty that there is valuable information somewhere in them.
_	Furthermore, the certainty that Fairtrade buyers would mix supplies together discouraged farmers to improve the quality of their own beans without having any financial reward for that.
_	Chinese whisper-style rumours circulate, ending with the certainty that Marsden would arrest Ronnie.
_	Nevertheless, running some partial implementation of the software or a prototype of any kind (dynamic testing) and obtaining positive feedback from them, can further increase the certainty that the SRS is correctly formulated.
_	It was said that the men had acted in the certainty that such orders were only given in agreement with the highest places.
_	His friendship with Baboulène since 1975 has given him the certainty that this is a course to be pursued, Michel Rodde has encouraged him too.
_	Gail kills Mrs. Keithley, while Joe contends with the certainty that the transmitter is booby trapped.
_	The promptness of the authorities in calling out the armed forces and the unwavering steadiness with which the citizens obeyed the order to fire on the assembled mob, was an excellent advertisement to the Capitalists of the old world, that they might send their property to New York and rely upon the certainty that it would be safe from the clutches of red republicanism, or chartists, or communionists of any description.
_	With the development of the doctrine of purgatory, the dead prayed for were spoken of as being in purgatory and, in view of the certainty that by the process of purification and with the help of the prayers of the faithful they were destined for heaven, they were referred to as the "holy souls".
_	So he becomes an increasingly lonely and embittered person, unable to trust anyone, with the certainty that his wife committed adultery.
_	So awakening is insight into karma and rebirth, insight into the Four Noble Truths, the extinction of the passions whereby Nirvana is reached, and the certainty that liberation has been reached.
_	Japanese occupation of naval and air bases in Formosa and southern Indochina in July 1941, and the increasingly precarious situation and location of the Philippines (being in between Japan and the resource-rich Dutch East Indies), only added to the certainty that US interests in the Philippine Islands and the rest of the Pacific were directly under threat.
_	The speed of redeployment in the fall of 1945, and the certainty that the occupational troop basis would have to be reduced speedily, dictated the utmost economy in the use of manpower.
_	Nothing could be so great a consolation to me in my grief for my uncle, as the certainty that he is succeeded by one who possesses all the qualities that your Eminence sympathizes with me in lamenting, and who with equal courage and strength of soul will know how to maintain and uphold the authority of religion
_	The demand for sharia, the belief that their governments are unfaithful to Islam and that Islam is the answer to all problems, and "the certainty that the West has declared war on Islam"; these are the themes that dominate public discussion.
_	I have to warn my compatriots that the time has ended when we were able to take refuge in our isolation and rely on the certainty that the distances, the oceans, and the poles were a guarantee of safety.
_	It won "Story" magazine's eighth annual college contest in the same year, which Mailer later stated was the "first powerful and happy event of my career" and gave him the certainty that he was "meant to be a writer".
_	Goethe began his autobiography with the certainty that his life was going to have a great effect on the world stage.
_	All of this is perfect for the return of Gabriel, a one-time partner of Dante, who has just been released from jail, and has an almost angelic demeanor and the certainty that he can fix everyone's lives.
_	With no indication that the three Marines were still alive and the certainty that more lives would be lost in any forced rescue attempt, a return to Koh Tang was ruled out and "Wilson" departed the area.
_	The King, in his toast, expressed to Letizia the enormous happiness and enthusiasm of the entire Royal Family for this event, asked the new spouses to always think of Spain, and to dedicate "with love and devotion, the best of your efforts to the Spaniards, to join their hopes, share their illusions and be able to always fuse with their feelings and difficulties", with the certainty that "you are inspired by the passion to serve this great, diverse and plural country, proud of its coexistence in democracy and freedom."
_	This provided the certainty that the field was commercially viable in the hostile environment with a potential to be a field.
_	Despite ongoing diplomatic problems between them, and the certainty that many political factions in both Haven and Manticore will strongly disapprove of cooperation in the wake of such a long and bloody conflict, Elizabeth and Pritchart agree to both end the war for good and tentatively form a military alliance against Mesa and their Solarian pawns as the Star Empire and its armed forces await the arrival of the Solarian attack.
_	He playfully asked me to marry him, and I said we'd have to marry Nicole, too, and being in his early twenties and joking in the certainty that I wouldn't understand him, George grinned wide, grabbed a giggling Nicole, and said, "Even better!".
_	Another point which acted as a check against consuls was the certainty that after the end of their term they would be called to account for their actions while in office.
_	Ted Pigeon of" Slant Magazine" felt that the episode's "strong emotional undercurrents" were "a result of the sacrifice in both T-Dog's (IronE Singleton) final stand and Lori's decision to give birth despite the certainty that she won't survive the delivery".
_	The verses brim with unfinished business, anchored by the certainty that 'we shall meet again'."
_	Chris Harvey of "The Daily Telegraph" wrote, "His developing thesis was an enjoyable one, driven forward with the certainty that is Ferguson's style."
_	Its large question revolves around the possibility of achieving genuine national development, with the certainty that a historical era of the country has ended, and that a new homeland must be built on its ruins.
_	An American fear of the perceived threat of the Soviet Union and the spread of communism, along with the certainty that Britain could handle the matter on its own, may have influenced the US to take a position of non-interference.
_	The fact that we had both higher temperatures and an ice age at a time when emissions were 10 times higher than they are today fundamentally contradicts the certainty that human-caused emissions are the main cause of global warming.
_	The "greens" succeeded to the finals before the end of the championship and the barrage against Olympiakos, in the neutral Volos, having the certainty that it would provide them in advance the Cup..
_	In Leng's opinion, the song's lyrics "revel in the certainty that lawyers are an easy target for general scorn and a quick way of securing a common denominator".
_	(An analysis of the verb sets would alert the researcher to the certainty that many other words in Samoan have lost a final consonant.)
_	Faith in sharing in the suffering of Christ brings with it the interior certainty that the suffering person "completes what is lacking in Christ's afflictions"; the certainty that in the spiritual dimension of the work of Redemption he is serving, like Christ, the salvation of his brothers and sisters.
_	A second noteworthy development in the 2007 CSR was a marked extension in the certainty that the UK system now provides to public sector managers about their future budgets.
_	The play ends with no resolution other than the certainty that the next day and the next day will be the same as the previous ones.
_	I have internalised the certainty that this bullying was a defining factor in my personal growth, eventually leading to my sporadic activism on behalf of the downtrodden".
_	The understanding counts and counts, calculates and calculates, but it never arrives at the certainty that faith possesses; in the same way the Law defines and defines but never arrives at the sum, which is love."
_	With the certainty that a communist regime was to be established in the north, the United States assisted those who wished to leave the north before the communist regime took complete control.
_	In the late Middle Ages (perhaps beginning with Occam, although Porphyry also makes a much earlier remark indicating a certain discomfort with the status quo), however, the certainty that existed on this issue began to erode, and it became acceptable among the so-called nominalists and empiricists to consider concepts and universals as strictly mental entities or conventions of language.
_	In June 1969 Kissinger briefed Nixon on the problem of MAD, and Nixon later addressed the issue in Congress in February 1970, stating "Should a President, in the event of a nuclear attack, be left with the single option of ordering the mass destruction of enemy civilians, in the face of the certainty that it would be followed by the mass slaughter of Americans?"
_	According to the Apple white paper, iOS includes a Device Firmware Upgrade (DFU) mode, and that "[r]estoring a device after it enters DFU mode returns it to a known good state with the certainty that only unmodified Apple-signed code is present."
_	Fornari called war "the spectacular development of a general human situation in which death takes on an absolute value" in the certainty that ideas for which we die are true and this is why "death becomes a demonstrative process."
_	Among recent classical scholars there does not seem to be the certainty that is found among many biblical studies scholars.
_	Irving later claimed without evidence that Penguin wanted to settle the case (not specifying whether this applied to one of his two "offers" or both of them) and were somehow pressured by Dr. Lipstadt not to; DD Guttenplan's book outlined how Penguin dismissed Irving for several reasons, including contempt for him and dismay over the certainty that the publisher would have been called by Lipstadt's lawyers as plaintiff advocates if they had settled the lawsuit.
_	He witnessed Rakovsky's disputes with Romanian nationalists, which, as he wrote in 1912, gave him the certainty that socialism would eventually win.
_	But the test of acting always is that you forget this, surrendering to the certainty that you have been transported back to 1947 and that dark apartment, and are then riding the bus toward Bountiful in the company of this warm and loving old woman.
_	This gave the West Africans, who were at that stage ranked 14th on the continent, the certainty that their name would be in the hat when the Preliminary Draw for the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany was made.
_	Therefore, despite the certainty that Shakespeare is not responsible for the writing of "The Second Maiden’s Tragedy", it is quite possible that Shakespeare was involved in its production and revision.
_	Only the certainty that Germany would not be as merciful to our own spies made them refrain."
_	Owing to Vito Fazio-Allmayer, hope is in the certainty that future is in the present: therefore old teachers are those that, taken from the past, find contemptible everything is produced in the present, and young people are stupid, and all new thoughts are wrong.
_	The ball also had a truer bounce than on grass so that on long throws fielders could deliberately bounce the ball in front of the player they were throwing to, with the certainty that it would travel in a straight line and not be deflected to the right or left.
_	Israeli leaders of communities in the Golan Heights held a special meeting and stated: "all construction and development projects in the Golan are going ahead as planned, propelled by the certainty that any attempt to harm Israeli sovereignty in the Golan will cause severe damage to state security and thus is doomed to fail".
_	It is only the certainty that no one until today had dared to look face-to-face with so much love at Bahian humanity and its problems.
_	Lange takes also notes the "painful impossibility" of the absolute and eternal union of lovers' souls; he creates a pesimistic vision of the relationship between man and woman, which is always burdened by the certainty that complete fulfilment is impossible.
_	The artist presented all of these sound files as blank folders, eliminating the certainty that the digital usually brings and instead forcing the viewer to delve into uncertainty.
_	He give us the certainty that modern plastic Art – to quote Rodin -: 'An Art worthy of that name does not follow the past, he extends it'".
_	He is protected by the mask of his fine manners and the certainty that Darcy, anxious to preserve the reputation of his younger sister, would not stoop to denounce him.
_	The impression could then be painted over in colour with the certainty that form and size had been accurately fixed.
_	A U.S. fear of the perceived threat of the Soviet Union and the spread of communism, along with the certainty that Britain could handle the matter on its own, may have influenced the U.S. to take a position of non-interference.
_	The two stadiums are roughly equidistant for Cubs fans living in north-suburban Chicago; hence, fans in this region take advantage of Miller Park's larger seating and parking capacity, more modern amenities, and the certainty that the game will not be weather-delayed (due to Miller Park's roof) to attend Cubs games in Milwaukee in large numbers, enhancing the rivalry's intensity.
_	According to the apostle John: "What distinguishes the Christian faith in all other religions is the certainty that the man Jesus of Nazareth is the Son of God, the Word made flesh, the Second Person of the Trinity entered the world".
_	Fernando E. Solanas directs this film that exposes the certainty that "another world is possible" in the face of globalization.
_	As part of the instructions for the second survey voyage of HMS "Beagle", the Admiralty noted "the great importance of knowing the true position of the Abrolhos Banks, and the certainty that they extend much further out than the limits assigned to them by Baron Roussin", and asked Captain Robert FitzRoy to take soundings and establish the position of the reefs.
_	Gonçalo panics for fear of a lawsuit, with the certainty that a scandal of a relationship with a minor would drive sponsors away and cause him serious problems in the family.
_	"Play a sound with the certainty that you have an infinite amount of time and space" and turning it into: "Do in and with the hall what you want with the certainty that the composer has enough money to cover all breakages."
_	Gehlhaar countered with, "Play with the certainty that you'll receive your fee in any case" (, English translation in ).
_	In rejecting assured destruction, Schlesinger quoted President Nixon: "Should a President, in the event of a nuclear attack, be left with the single option of ordering the mass destruction of enemy civilians, in the face of the certainty that it would be followed by the mass slaughter of Americans?"
_	He collected a large library and had an elaborate system of keeping common-place books, so that he could be turned on to write upon any conceivable subject with the certainty that he would bring into his article enough show or reality of special information to make it excellent reading for a not very critical public; and his extraordinary faculty for never saying the same thing twice in the same way had a sort of "sporting" interest even to those who were more particular.
_	(As I lay in bed I had the certainty that he had completely forgiven me - more completely than I had him.)
_	The international political scene in the late 1930s was marked by growing intolerance between the principal figures, by the aggressive attitude of the totalitarian regimes and by the certainty that the order set up after World War I was losing its strongholds and its sponsors were losing their strength.
_	"So, is that what we have become - a 24th century Rome, driven by nothing other than the certainty that Caesar can do no wrong??"
_	In addition, the certainty that "Erpeshusen" actually refers to Erbsen has not been established, since it has been suggested that it could be referring to an abandoned village near Driburg.
