_	Illustrative questions include “What is the chance that a member will withdraw from the European Union by a target date?”
_	Rowley has said that the chance that these craters could be aligned like this due to chance are nearly zero.
_	Wildfire risk is the chance that a wildfire will start in or reach a particular area and the potential loss of human values if it does.
_	The predicate needs to be unique in order to reduce the chance that the idea of Title or Publisher will be ambiguous to software working with the description.
_	Sexual coercion functions to increase the chance of a female mating with a male, and decrease the chance that the female will mate with another male.
_	These seeds increase the chance that the plant continues its presence in a location that was favorable in the previous year.
_	This increases the chance that the demethylated state of DNA will eventually become permanent.
_	Openness reduces the chance that the judgment is a mistake or that a case might have to be re-tried because of a subsequent sanction of contempt.
_	In issuing its forecast for the October to December quarter on 25 September, the Bureau estimated the chance that the maximum temperature will exceed the long-term median maximum temperature are greater than 60% across most of southeast Australia, with odds greater than 70% in parts of the south and east coasts.
_	Plants use this strategy to increase the chance that their genetic material is passed on.
_	Especially the unique and partially handmade decorations and interiors of "El Café", "El Comedor" and "La Mirada" were heavily promoted in advertising but the chance that one of these unique cars was part of a Golden State consist was only one in five, which basically resulted in all five consists having unique compositions.
_	This program can avoid or reduce the chance that huge computer software breaking down so this restrict uncertainty and major accidents in the society.
_	This gave it a more monumental appearance, but it was primarily the result of safety concerns since it was more accessible to firemen, reducing the chance that fire would spread to surrounding buildings.
_	Every radio station in Canada must meet Canadian content quotas, therefore, the MAPL logo, created by Stan Klees, on album packaging and on the compact disc itself increases the chance that the music will receive airplay in Canada.
_	The two discuss her identity as Claire Saunders, and how Topher tried to make her as a foil to himself so they could see each other's mistakes to reduce the chance that "someone would get hurt."
_	Any architectural design that increases the chance that a potential offender will be seen is a form of natural surveillance.
_	Given this situation, preference for smarter child-bearing/rearing partners increases the chance that their descendants will inherit the best resistance alleles, not only for immune system resistance to disease, but also smarter brains for learning skills in avoiding disease and selecting nutritious food.
_	"Halakha" requires that secondary rules be placed around the primary law, to reduce the chance that the main law will be broken.
_	The greater the power held by the sitting CPSU General Secretary, the higher the chance that the Politburo membership would be approved.
_	CLI localisation allows companies to increase their contact rate by increasing the chance that a called party will answer a phone call.
_	In July 1975, Bartley and Fox authored an op-ed in "The New York Times", where they stated that the law was "designed to remove the temptation to carry guns and thereby reduce the chance that they will be used ...
_	This increases the chance that this particular male’s genes will be passed on.
_	What they found was that people who were about to place a bet rated the chance that their horse would win at an average of 3.48 which corresponded to a "fair chance of winning" whereas people who had just finished betting gave an average rating of 4.81 which corresponded to a "good chance of winning".
_	As election day neared, Wallace fell in the polls, greatly diminishing the chance that he would influence the result.
_	When ending wars it is important to address the concerns of these children otherwise they will be disruptive to the community and possibly increase the chance that order will break down and the breakout of war will happen again.
_	the availability of child soldiers often increases the chance that wars will break out and that they will last longer.
_	A 17th-minute goal from Dax McCarty gave Dallas a 3–1 advantage in the series, and not only jeopardized Salt Lake's chance for going on the Western Conference Championship, but the chance that Salt Lake would end their home-match unbeaten streak.
_	Those trainers concerned with the cosmetic appearance of their horse usually prefer to hand-walk twice daily and keep the animal stalled until the splint is resolved, eliminating the chance that the splint will accidentally be knocked during work and the swelling increased.
_	Beyond mere convenience to the consumer, the importance of this capability is that it increases the conversion rate: the chance that contact with the advertisement will convert to a sale.
_	The pulse may be coded to reduce the chance that the rangefinder can be jammed.
_	CSV increases the chance that a live migration will complete within the TCP reconnect window and ensure a seamless operation to clients.
_	Each pair of legs is slightly longer than the pair immediately in front of it, ensuring that they do not overlap, so reducing the chance that they will collide with each other while moving swiftly.
_	Nests help regulate temperature and reduce predation risks, thus increasing the chance that offspring live to adulthood.
_	Japan offers a high level of support with helicopter trained mountain rescue teams, though with high wind there is always the chance that they cannot be deployed.
_	Coach Stoops forced him to sit out because of the chance that "something freakish could happen" and he would be unavailable for the game against Texas.
_	There are also a number of special latches that lock lower cabinets and require two actions to open, reducing the chance that a small child may gain access.
_	It was felt the chance that a magnetron falling into German hands from a patrol aircraft was vanishingly small.
_	Another appeal of tattooing the lower back is that there is little fat there, lessening the chance that images will become misshapen over time.
_	It will also disappoint the interlocutor because the insulted party failed to be upset, thereby reducing the chance that they will try to upset the Stoic like that again.
_	Higher levels of city improvements increase the chance that progress cards will be drawn, with the highest level of city improvement allowing progress cards to be drawn regardless of the value on the red die.
_	The collision angle, the relative translational energy, the internal (particularly vibrational) energy will all determine the chance that the collision will produce a product molecule AB.
_	Using a replication probability, the c-probability is defined as follows: if we get a random draw from each group (or factor level) and calculate the sampled value of the contrast variable based on the random draws, then the c-probability is the chance that the sampled values of the contrast variable are greater than 0 when the random drawing process is repeated infinite times.
_	I mean you're cute, but I don't do women, and with you this weak, and Jean-Claude out of it, I don't want to take the chance that this thing spreads theough the room.", has short curly brown hair and is about five foot six inches, and has dated Gwen.
_	This means that there is the chance that HIP 11915 may have undetected terrestrial planets closer in, at a distance ranging from 0.5–1.6 AU.
_	The larger the number of members returned by an electorate the greater the chance that a voter that changes his or her vote can influence the outcome of the election.
_	In theory, this could increase yields because the chance of a pixel being completely dead is very low, and the chance that a screen has many dead pixels is greatly reduced.
_	He charms the monster to eat Redcloak and spit out the phylactery on the chance that Redcloak ever betrays him.
_	Teira's sale was, however, supported by Ihaia Kirikumara and his brother Tamati, who wrote letters to newspapers claiming that European occupation would allow returned slaves to live in security and lessen the chance that Waikato war parties would return.
_	Fine grain films, like Kodachrome, require more light to increase the chance that the halide crystal will absorb at least two quanta of light as they have a smaller cross sectional size.
_	The paratenic host can be useful in raising the chance that the parasite will be transmitted to the definitive host.
_	This can be risky because there is always the chance that a game will end up not being released.
_	Third, although the World Health Organization has recommended that artemisinin be formulated with other active pharmaceutical ingredients in ACTs, many manufacturers are still producing mono-therapies of artemisinin, which increase the chance that Plasmodium spp. will develop resistance to artemisinin.
_	Monophagous controllers, such as the weevil "C. scrobicollis", which only feeds on garlic mustard, are usually the most ideal candidates for initial introduction to combat invasive plants, as they greatly reduce the chance that the introduced controller will itself become a pest.
_	The sentencing judge, Vincent J. Femia, refused to return Horton to Massachusetts, saying, "I'm not prepared to take the chance that Mr. Horton might again be furloughed or otherwise released.
_	Corporations may be inclined to share data for commercial advantage and fail to officially recognize it as sensitive to avoid legal liability in the chance that lapses of security may occur.
_	Above this number, the chance that the game has not been won by a lower integer falls below formula_3, so that even if one knew with certainty that one would be the only player with such a number, the chance of winning would still be less than one could achieve with a lower number.
_	All of these improve the chance that "B. ribis" will be able to establish a successful infection.
_	Fisher noted that the smaller the effect, the higher the chance that a change is beneficial.
_	When the GroEL non-polar surfaces are removed, the chance that any given non-polar group will encounter a non-polar intramolecular site are much greater than in bulk solution.
_	On the chance that prices decrease in the future, the farmer will make a profit on his short position in the futures market which offsets any decrease in revenues from the spot market for wheat.
_	Rowley has said that the chance that these craters could be aligned like this due to chance are nearly zero.
_	The series follows Stone (Jonny Lee Miller), a San Francisco lawyer who begins to have hallucinations (such as a George Michael soundtrack that only he can hear and getting dive-bombed by a World War I biplane on a busy San Francisco street) which leads him to two possible conclusions: a potentially fatal brain aneurysm, or the chance that something greater is at work.
_	So when we came up with 'Naya Pakistan', I asked him that this is the chance that's not going to come again so finally Junaid accepted the offer with the condition that he will sing only the opening lines with no music at all." and further added "it signifies the metaphor for unity as we have to compromise for unity in hope of Naya Pakistan."
_	In order to maximise the chance that at least one of them would get through, the four arranged to travel separately.
_	In addition, it reduces the chance that parents will suffer total brood loss to predators such as the milk snake.
_	There was the chance that they might get unlucky.
_	The vaccine generates a 'polyclonal' rather than a monoclonal antibody response to HER-2 – i.e. different kinds of antibodies – increasing the chance that cells carrying HER-2 will be killed, particularly those at an earlier stage of disease.
_	The more the employer is hurt economically, the greater the chance that the strikers' demands will be met.
_	Players were tested at least once per year, with the chance that several players could be tested many times.
_	Furthermore, there is the chance that the animals at Hawthorne Park could get tangled up in plastic material and suffocate.
_	By his comparative studies Lipset shows a strong statistical association between GNP per capita and the level of democracy, to finally conclude that "the more well-to-do a nation, the greater the chance that it will sustain democracy".
_	"To the extent that all the factors are not equally relevant and specific, however, the chance that the weaker ones will be relied on is too remote to sustain a facial vagueness attack."
_	They go on to question some of the people closest to the victim, on the chance that one of them might be the real killer (with Monk also busting one of them for shoplifting).
_	For a small cost in performance, this provides semantics similar to ext3 ordered mode and increases the chance that either version of the file will survive the crash.
_	His research has also found that police stops are most effective in reducing crime when they are based on objectively suspicious behavior, which also reduces the chance that an innocent person will be detained.
_	Memory research has shown that the greater ones emotional arousal level at the time of the event, the greater the chance that the event will be remembered.
_	Removing the source of an unpleasant odor will decrease the chance that people will smell it.
_	As such, Pocock thought that it was unlikely that serious competition between them regularly occurred, and that even if Indian lions and tigers met, the chance that they would fight for survival was as good as the chance that they would choose to avoid each other, and that their chances of success, if they were to clash, were as good as each other's.
_	For families desiring to avoid virilization of a second child, the current strategy is to start dexamethasone as soon as a pregnancy has been confirmed even though at that point the chance that the pregnancy is a girl with CAH is only 12.5%.
_	In "A. siva", camouflaging appears to reduce the chance that a nymph will be cannibalized by its coinstars.
_	It is recommended by the FAO that two vials of blood be drawn to reduce the chance that all samples will be lost from a particular animal.
_	Romney encouraged Republicans to engage in tactical voting, by supporting whichever of the three remaining rivals – Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, or John Kasich – had the best chance to beat Trump in any given state, thus increasing the chance that Trump would be unable to gain a majority of all delegates selected.
_	And the longer the gridlock over fiscal reform rumbles on, the greater the chance that 'repression' comes to be seen as the least of all evils".
_	Unwilling to risk the chance that Baltar is right, Adama abandons Doral (presumably to die) at the Ragnar Anchorage when the ragtag fleet leaves the Cyrannus system forever.
_	This would presumably increase the chance that spores would be deposited in an environment that is already optimal for growth.
_	Drugs like amiodarone, diltiazem, verapamil and metoprolol are frequently given before cardioversion to decrease the heart rate, stabilize the patient and increase the chance that cardioversion is successful.
_	The 1995–1999 project increased the capacity of the above-water portion of the facility to four lanes, added wider shoulders for the new southbound portion, facilitated needed repairs, and provided protection against a total closure should a trestle be struck by a ship or otherwise damaged (which had occurred twice in the past); partially for this reason, the parallel trestles are not located immediately adjacent to each other, reducing the chance that both would be damaged during a single incident.
_	Victor Webster has admitted that his biggest fear in playing the role of Cupid was the chance that he would have to wear diapers, and has joked, “If that was the case, then I was going to ask for at least one million dollars per episode!”
_	While there are no prizes during Extended Play, a player's participation contributes to the chance that they will be selected to join The Mob, or be The One during the next Live episode.
_	There was also the chance that the Floral Parade would be cancelled altogether, but it was saved by private donors and funds from the City and County of Honolulu.
_	Faced by the resurgent Carthaginian army, Regulus was keen to gain another victory rather than risk the chance that someone else would get the glory of eventual victory.
_	If the number of voters is even, there is the chance that there will be a tie, and so the criterion of neutrality is not met.
_	Jeff Rubens (1964, 457) stated the principle thus: "The play of a card which may have been selected as a choice of equal plays increases the chance that the player started with a holding in which his choice was restricted."
_	It also increases the chance that actual issues and unplanned events will be observed first hand and can be managed immediately; this includes issues that are not apparent to the "genba" workforce.
_	This is because a disclosure for a lack of going concern is viewed negatively by investors, lending institutions, and credit agencies, and therefore reduces the chance that the auditee may obtain the capital or borrowing it needs to survive once the disclosure is made.
_	The states are infinitely spread out, and the chance that the particles are nearby is zero.
_	First, the British fleet would close with the Franco-Spanish as quickly as possible, reducing the chance that they would be able to escape without fighting.
_	Hackman proposed five conditions that increase the chance that groups will be successful.
_	It usually only affects one hip at a given time, though both hips may produce piriformis syndrome at some point in the patient's lifetime, and having had it once greatly increases the chance that it will recur in one hip or the other at some future point unless action is taken to prevent it.
_	There is always uncertainty about the trustworthiness and reputation of the site administrators, the availability of options to hide email addresses, the existence/enforcement of an acceptable privacy policy and the chance that the site may one day be compromised or transferred to new owners.
_	Gluck designed the modern neonatal intensive care unit (NICU); developed protocols which reduced spread of serious bacterial infections in newborns; and developed a laboratory test, called the L/S ratio, which accurately predicted the chance that a newborn would develop infant respiratory distress syndrome.
_	The greater the numbers within these class positions, will increase the chance that they will rise up in action.
_	In order to practice the termination of pregnancy during the first 90 days, women whose situation is such that continuation of the pregnancy, childbirth, or motherhood would seriously compromise their physical or mental health, in view of their state of health, their economic, social, or family circumstances, the circumstances in which conception occurred, or the chance that the child would be born with abnormalities or malformations, shall apply to a public counselling center or to a fully authorized medical-social agency in the region, or to a physician of her choice.
_	By changing the F-actin cytoskeletal structure of dendritic spines, spines are lengthened and the chance that they make synaptic contacts with the axonal terminals of the presynaptic cell is increased.
_	Now, since the player initially chose door 1, the chance that the host opens door 3 is 50% if the car is behind door 1, 100% if the car is behind door 2, 0% if the car is behind door
_	Since failure-handling and normal startup use the same methods, this can increase the chance that bugs in failure-handling code will be noticed, except when there are leftover artifacts, such as data corruption from a severe failure, that don't occur during normal startup.
_	The virus can be transmitted across the placenta or through the breast milk from mother to infant; administration of antiretroviral medications to both the mother and the infant about the time of birth reduces the chance that the child will be infected with HIV (see below HIV and pregnancy).
_	Their survival rate was dependent on body size, and the larger the size, the greater the chance that the individual would survive a ten-day period.
_	Lister finally finds the letter from his old girlfriend and reassures the others he has made peace with the chance that he had descendants - even though he never knew them, he can take pride in the possibility that a relative of his could have achieved something great.
_	Anti-retroviral treatment may help people with HIV/AIDS work more, and may increase the chance that a person with HIV/AIDS will be employed (low quality evidence).
_	This extreme variation in hatching time—unknown in any other damselfly—increases the chance that some eggs will hatch when no predator is present.
_	The NCAA was preparing for the chance that a conference would place more than eight teams in the tournament, which became a realistic possibility when the Big East, already a power conference, expanded to 16 members, with several of the new members having traditionally strong programs.
_	In other words, the chance that the auditor will not find material misstatements relating to an assertion in the Financial statements through substantive test and analysis.
_	In November 2016, after the election of Donald Trump, he co-wrote a petition to restate "our respect for the dignity of people of all races, faiths, creeds, classes, abilities, ancestries, gender identities, and sexual orientations" and express support for the goals of the Fulbright Program "to bring a little more knowledge, a little more reason, and a little more compassion into world affairs and thereby increase the chance that nations will learn at last to live in peace and friendship" warning that cuts to the program will jeopardize its goals.
_	Players were tested at least once per year, with the chance that several players could be tested many times per year.
_	As the student is more open with the teacher, there is the chance that the student could share information that would require the teacher to follow a reporting procedure.
_	This shows that the chance that the car is behind door 1, given that the player initially chose this door and given that the host opened door 3, is , and it follows that the chance that the car is behind door 2, given that the player initially chose door 1 and the host opened door 3, is .
_	However, large participation levels present the chance that members are beginning to solely chat on topics, not fully read and evaluate others' inputs.
_	It was always my plan to have her be the killer but there was still the chance that we would change our minds and not write it that way.
_	The larger and/or more complex the project, the higher the chance that the project becomes unstable.
_	Writing for "The Independent", Rhodri Marsden commented that on the Biographicon, "anyone can put up details about themselves without fear of being nominated for deletion", though he noted that since the site operated using wiki software, "there's always the chance that someone will log in and alter your entry to include the time you cried on a school trip because someone stole your sandwiches."
_	Now there are two photons, doubling the chance that they will cause the same reaction in other atoms.
_	The type of job board that he had in mind differed from a static Craigslist-type online bulletin board by being enriched with features that would exclude the possibility that employers give out advance payments for work that does not get delivered when agreed or that does not meet their requirements, and the chance that contractors deliver their work online but never hear back from employers who choose not to pay.
_	This reduces the chance that this verse is a reference to Isaiah, though Matthew's Old Testament references are often very loose.
_	Empathic design relies on observation of consumers as opposed to traditional market research which relies on consumer inquiry with the intention to avoid possible biases in surveys and questions, and minimizes the chance that consumers will provide false information.
_	If the teacher picked a specific day (say, 16 September), then the chance that at least one student was born on that specific day is formula_4, about 7.9%.
_	Meanwhile, the Golden Gaters fell in their semifinal series to the San Diego Friars, eliminating the chance that the Racquets and Golden Gaters could meet in the playoffs for the fourth straight season.
_	Goody claimed that early Christian marriage rules forced a marked change from earlier norms to deny heirs to the wealthy and thus to increase the chance that those with wealth would will their property to the Church.
_	While easterners hoped with a quadripartite Allied agreement there would be the chance that the Soviet Union will release its prey, many westerners had already come to another conclusion.
_	Livy's will to walk again after polio leads her to take the chance that Kenny's methods might work.
_	If we conclude that "N" is much more likely than "N" (for example, because producing a larger population takes more time, increasing the chance that a low-probability but cataclysmic natural event will take place in that time), then P("X"|"N") can become more heavily weighted towards the bigger value of "N".
_	Dispersing the payload into delivery microcapsules will increase the chance that some will be delivered to habitable objects.
_	Lt. Prescott decided to risk the chance that the thick oak table the bomb was situated on would be able to shield the hostages if they could get under it in time.
_	Using a large number of carriers spread across the phone network's bandwidth meant that the chance that any one carrier would be subject to a problem was high.
_	This lessens the chance that the infected water will spread to another host.
_	Generally, sourcing from populations with similar environmental conditions to the reintroduction site will maximize the chance that reintroduced individuals are well adapted to the habitat of the reintroduction site .
_	At least one USAS employee has created fake documentation about an annuitant's income in an effort to mislead a court into believing that the annuitant had other monthly income, thus increasing the chance that the transaction is approved [Complaint 64 p 14]
_	Instead, the booths will be placed among other civilians, thus eliminating the chance that military personnel votes can be separated from that of civilians.
_	With all these easily visible differences between the minor workers of the two species, especially their very distinct pilosity patterns, the chance that "P. loki" is a morphologically aberrant conspecific of "P. jonas" is probably small.
_	In some science fiction, the danger of hyperspace travel is due to the chance that the route through hyperspace may take a ship too close to a celestial body with a large gravitational field, such as a star.
_	You should not worry especially about the chance that some specific nearby star will become a supernova, but more about the chance that supernovas are more deadly to nearby life than we believe."
_	Second, the chance that any site in the genome varies is different from the next site, a very good example is the codons for amino acids, the first two nt in a codon may mutate at 1 per billion years, but the third nt may mutate 1 per million years.
_	On the other hand, instead of trying to maximize expectation values, we'll just try to maximize the chance that we end up with the larger number.
_	On the other hand, Smith was willing to tolerate the presence of men "as corrupt as the devil himself" in Nauvoo, Illinois, who "had been guilty of murder and robbery," in the chance that they might "come to the waters of baptism
_	The same neurons may also form synapses with an inhibitory interneuron that also synapses on the projection neuron, reducing the chance that the latter will fire and transmit pain stimuli to the brain (image on the right).
_	Nevin's son and grandson lost a lawsuit they brought against the government between 1981 and 1983, on the grounds that the government is immune, and that the chance that the sprayed bacteria caused Nevin's death was minute.
_	Barbosa and Porto-Alegre initially concluded that while it was possible that the marks were eroded Phoenician letters, there was also the chance that they were made by natural processes.
_	Moreover, since several aircraft designs are typically ordered for competitive testing, the chance that all of the designs would fail is extremely low, and if even one design passes testing, it can immediately enter production.
_	If the aircraft were to be launched as quickly as possible, then a Minimum Interval Takeoff (MITO) would be performed, in order to lessen the chance that the aircraft would be caught on the ground in the event of a nuclear strike.
_	They created a Web site three weeks before the launch day and used a variety of media-related efforts, including a Facebook group, in order to increase the visibility of the team and increase the chance that people who spotted the balloons would report the sightings to them.
_	Another way of thinking about it is that the problem is not about the chance that the other side is black, it's about the chance that you drew the all black card.
_	Child states that these are connected and, in a circular manner, belief that changes in governance frameworks will succeed positively impacts the chance that the framework will result in the desired changes.
_	The sentencing judge, Vincent J. Femia, refused to return Horton to Massachusetts, saying, "I'm not prepared to take the chance that Mr. Horton might again be furloughed or otherwise released.
_	Old battleships such as "Nevada" were attached to many convoys across the Atlantic to guard against the chance that a German capital ship might head out to sea on a raiding mission.
_	Incremental information sharing helps minimize the chance that concurrent product realization will lead to surprises.
_	Molecule Man and his allies found the machine, and Reece, believing they could not take the chance that the newly reborn
_	Due to the prospect of worsening rain and the chance that qualifying could be brought to an end by the weather at any point, the teams fought for grid positions early on, with Lewis Hamilton, Nico Rosberg and Daniel Ricciardo setting the fastest times.
_	On January 5, 2012, General Motors announced that it would offer a customer satisfaction program to provide modifications to the Chevrolet Volt to reduce the chance that the battery pack could catch fire days or weeks after a severe accident.
_	By Markov's Inequality, the chance that it will yield an answer before we stop it is at least 1/2.
_	This may be the chance that Maris needed to become financially independent, as she figures that he'll be so indebted to her that he might ask for her hand in her marriage.
_	At a lower DNA concentration, the chance that one end of a DNA molecule would meet the other end of the same molecule increases, therefore intramolecular reaction that circularizes the DNA is more likely.
_	Act was enacted as a federal law in 1975, and protects citizens of all states, to ensure that manufacturers honor their warranties and to reduce the chance that a consumer will be misled about the nature and scope of a warranty when making a purchase.
_	The song therefore became a call to reject peace for the chance that unified unrest could bring about the freedom that suppressed minorities all across the United States so craved.
_	Under the method, their candidates were less likely to engage in negative campaigning because such tactics would risk alienating the voters who support 'attacked' candidates", reducing the chance that they would support the attacker as a second or third choice.
_	Election cycles have a lot to do with diversionary wars because a war ideally increases the chance that the incumbent administration will remain
_	Germany would not take the chance that he would foment revolution in Germany.
_	This is because even a small degree of protection reduces predation and increases the chance that an individual mimic will survive and reproduce.
_	However, the presence of helpers does confer a hidden benefit: it increases the chance that a mother will survive to breed in the next year.
_	The junkyard tornado is an argument used to deride the probability of abiogenesis as comparable to "the chance that a tornado sweeping through a junkyard might assemble a Boeing 747."
_	Her calls for help were quite specific and made reference to her name and apartment number, something that in classes on women's safety she had learned could increase the chance that others would intervene to help.
_	The intuition is that the more similar two data-points are the higher is the chance that constituent clusterings will place them in the same cluster.
_	This binding of BSA to nonspecific binding sites increases the chance that the antibodies will bind only to the antigens of interest.
_	The radar was built in the Cold War to give early warning of a nuclear attack, to allow time for US bombers to get off the ground and land-based US missiles to be launched, to decrease the chance that a preemptive strike could destroy US strategic nuclear forces.
_	One of the earliest known attempts at forensic optography occurred in 1877, when Berlin police photographed the eyes of murder victim Frau von Sabatzky, on the chance that the image would assist in solving the crime.
_	Local resident action groups campaigned to prevent the scuttling, claiming that the wreck would affect tides and littoral sand drift, and that the removal of chemicals and hazardous materials in the ship had not been thorough enough, with the chance that marine life and people could be poisoned.
_	Gross also wrote that "there was a chance of something great, but early fundamental disappointment with key personnel (in that case the star, Michael Pare) steeled all of us to face the chance that it might not turn out that way."
_	The only shots the naval vessels had fired were two musket shots to get "Mercury" to stop, and the only reason that the naval vessels had not fired their guns was because of the chance that "Mercury" was a British ship.
_	When Royen contacted other reputed mathematicians, though, they didn't bother to investigate his proof, because Royen was relatively unknown, and these mathematicians therefore estimated the chance that Royen's proof would be false as very high.
_	This decreases the chance that the rider will lose a stirrup should a horse jump or land awkwardly.
_	Rowley has said that the chance that these craters could be aligned like this due to chance are nearly zero.
_	She also downplayed the chance that Myanmar generals will ever see the inside of the International Criminal Court due to <nowiki>"powerful international defenders."</nowiki>
_	On January 27, 1845, he spoke approvingly of Smith's toleration of "corrupt men" in Nauvoo who were guilty of murder and robbery, on the chance that they might repent and be baptized.
_	Often, redundancies occur in speech unintentionally, but redundant phrases can also be deliberately constructed for emphasis, to reduce the chance that a phrase will be misinterpreted.
_	In phase II trials for ARDS, Pafase reduced the death rate after 28 days and reduced the chance that the lungs of the patient would fail.
_	Moreover, the theoretical predictions were true; the chance of a balance condition existing were on the order of 10 a year, and that the chance that the grid would disconnect at that point in time was even less.
_	He subsequently replied that there is the chance that he might "want to try at some point" with his own scheme, giving a sign that Armadillo Aerospace could someday return from hibernation mode.
_	This increases the chance that the system will arrive into the basin of a "strong" or "deep" attractor, from which it then quickly enters the attractor itself.
_	Uratha can only reproduce with humans, but the chance that the child will be a Uratha is very small.
_	They also tend to produce more eggs of better quality, and greater size increases the chance that a female survives the winter.
_	This form of sloughing is important in evasion games and in some contract games where "overtricks" are penalized; in Oh Hell, for instance, a player who cannot follow suit may elect to discard a card that would win if played to follow suit later, thus reducing the chance that the player will "bag", or take more tricks than needed.
_	Overall, the researchers based their experiment on the notion that the more time a toddler spends being attentive towards a novel potential threat the greater the chance that they will experience issues with the regulation of distress, which can predict anxious behavior such as social inhibition.
_	Influenza B and C principally infect humans, minimizing the chance that a reassortment will change its phenotype drastically.
_	There have been many arguments saying the plurality-majority voting system is a disadvantage to the chance that women get into office.
_	A wide ranging study by P L Jacobsen found that as cycling and walking increase, the chance that a given cyclist will be struck by a motor vehicle actually decreases.
_	Hoedeman immigrated to Canada in 1965 with his then-wife, on the chance that the National Film Board of Canada might hire him.
_	If necessary, students are given multiple opportunities to take the test to maximize the chance that said student will pass the exam.
_	The stored data can be used to maximize the chance that the best channel to link with a given partner will be chosen first.
_	A greater mismatch distance lessens the chance that a strong spurious interaction can happen.
_	One of the benefits of a combined pill was that patients would be more likely to consistently comply with treatment by taking a full dose of the prescribed drugs, which in turn would lessen the chance that drug-resistant HIV strains would develop.
_	The physician is unable to save Donovan's life, but removes his brain on the chance that it might survive, placing the gray matter in an electrically charged, oxygenated saline solution within a glass tank.
_	The European Banking Authority issued a warning in 2013 focusing on the lack of regulation of bitcoin, the chance that exchanges would be hacked, the volatility of bitcoin's price, and general fraud.
_	About this time, she also got one of her first musical breaks, when her father drove the family to Phoenix for the Arizona State Fair, on the chance that the featured performer, country singer Judy Lynn, could use Tanya in her show.
_	Since screening tests yield a risk score which represents the chance that the baby has the birth defect, the most common threshold for high-risk is 1:270.
_	Hence, wider the range of antibody-specificities, greater the chance that one or the other will react against self-antigens (native molecules of the body).
_	Within a Chain Tactic, each accomplished tactic will increase the chance that the next will succeed.
_	This, and a polymer coating that increases the ability of the fabric to repel water, reduce the chance that the wearer will become damp, cold, or a victim of heat loss.
_	Early treatment may significantly improve the chance that long-term neurological damage will be avoided.
_	Shelepin proposed and carried out the destruction of many documents related to the Katyn massacre of Polish officers to minimize the chance that the truth would be revealed.
_	So when we came up with ""Naya Pakistan"", I asked him that this is the chance that's not going to come again so finally Junaid accepted the offer with the condition that he will sing only the opening lines with no music at all." and further added "it signifies the metaphor for unity as we have to compromise for unity in hope of "Naya Pakistan"."
_	The group claims that the wreck will negatively affect surf conditions, tides, and littoral sand drift, and is concerned over the thoroughness of inspection and removal of dangerous materials and chemicals from the former warship, with the chance that marine life and people could be poisoned.
_	The parents are classified as heterozygote carriers of the disease and the chance that the offspring will be affected is 25%.
_	Asa also notes the existence of his other son, though not his identity, and finally states that he will not be splitting Buchanan Enterprises among his heirs and taking the chance that the company will be split up or partially sold.
_	Pleasure had the chance that two of their songs be included in two compilations produced by the European collaboration of great radio stations.
_	This greatly increases the number of photons in the media and increases the chance that any given atom will be stimulated.
_	On January 27, 1845, he spoke approvingly of Smith's toleration of "corrupt men" in Nauvoo who were guilty of murder and robbery on the chance that they might repent and be baptized .
_	Woodpeckers may aggressively harass potential competitors, and also use other strategies to reduce the chance of being usurped from their nesting site; for example the red-crowned woodpecker digs its nest in the underside of a small branch, which reduces the chance that a larger species will take it over and expand it.
_	However this dramatically increased the complexity of wiring the planes, and the chance that one of the many motors would fail was considerable.
_	One of these was the law of comparative judgment (Thurstone, 1927a, 1927b), which defined a mathematical way of modeling the chance that one object will 'beat' another in a comparison, given values for the 'quality' of each.
_	It is made with a higher viscosity, increasing the chance that the full product with reach the waters surface.
_	The original film was written to introduce a wider story arc that could be told in sequels on the chance that it became successful, so "Star Wars" evolved from the first film in the series to the first episode of the saga's second trilogy.
_	This attribute also enables the pit boss or security to quickly verify the amount being paid, reducing the chance that a dealer might incorrectly pay a customer.
_	This prevents the slide from being moved back because the device pushes the surface area of objects away from the slide, thus increasing the chance that the gun will function normally.
_	This minimizes the chance that results will be influenced by confounding variables, particularly ones that are unknown.
_	The presence of acquired risk factors for venous thrombosis—including smoking, use of estrogen-containing (combined) forms of hormonal contraception, and recent surgery—further increase the chance that an individual with the factor V Leiden mutation will develop DVT.
_	Or providing their children with substantial breakfasts in order to decrease the chance that their children will become hungry and snack on proscribed foods.
_	The idea is that there is a probability of error, but if the algorithm is run many times, the chance that the majority of the runs are wrong drops off exponentially as a consequence of the Chernoff bound.
_	The "Daily Mirror" reported that Tennant was forbidden from attending "Doctor Who" fan conventions while playing the role, to avoid the chance that he could accidentally let slip any plot points during filming of the series.
_	It is the chance that one boy is born on Tuesday, plus the chance that the other boy is born on Tuesday, minus the chance that they both are (this term arises from the fact that P(A or B) = P(A) + P(B) − P(A)P(B), assuming that A and B are independent).
_	As a consequence of this, she can be in yichud with another man in a large city, like London or New York, where the chance that he suddenly appears is non-existent.
_	The soldier's tales could very well be lies in order to get the girls to help him, but then there is the chance that he could be telling the truth.
_	It is essentially how much a bank would be impacted in the chance that the risk did occur.
_	Monophagous controllers, such as the weevil "C. scrobicollis", which only feeds on garlic mustard, are usually the most ideal candidates for initial introduction to combat invasive plants, as they greatly reduce the chance that the introduced controller will itself become a pest.
_	Because corporations typically engage in a cost-benefit analysis before considering whether to stop a wrongful action (such as polluting or not enacting proper measures for safety), they contend that corporations will decide that the cost of changing a wrongful practice would be greater than the cost of continuing it, unless there is the chance that the cost of continuing will be made greater by a successful lawsuit.
_	Although this could take a long time, on average only flips are required, and the chance that you won't get heads after flips is highly improbable (this can be made rigorous using Chernoff bounds).
_	The trial was not moved, but jurors were brought in from Sullivan County to reduce the chance that the jury would have been influenced by pre-trial publicity.
_	This benefit of genetic diversity is an evolutionary advantage because it increases the chance that some of the offspring will have traits that increase their fitness in their environment.
_	The idea that it is simply too implausible for life to have evolved is often wrongly encapsulated with a quotation that the "probability of life originating on Earth is no greater than the chance that a hurricane, sweeping through a scrapyard, would have the luck to assemble a Boeing 747"—a claim attributed to astrophysicist Fred Hoyle and known as Hoyle's fallacy.
_	Her mother remained a widow until at least 1622 (listed in that year as "Widow Buckett") – further increasing the chance that her children would be sent to other families.
_	This was a straw man designed to alarm the appeal judges; the chance that the precedent set by one case would literally make it impossible to convict "any" bank robbers is remote.
_	Having three or more infants increases the chance that a woman will need to have the infants delivered by cesarean section.
_	The ruling, made in Chicago, resulted in a "sharp circuit split," which according to "Slate", increased the chance that the Supreme Court would review the case for a federal opinion.
_	It had been located close to where the head of the body would have been, and was reconstructed on the chance that it might be a helmet.
_	Any loan that is allowed to generate negative amortization means that the borrower is reducing his equity in his home, which increases the chance that he won't be able to sell it for enough to repay the loan.
_	There was always the chance that this would produce an open battle, which the French were confident they would win.
_	She reveals that the sins of humanity will probably get worse, but that there is always the chance that future generations will learn from these mistakes; she vows to keep fighting for the children.
_	Throughout her life, her body has been completely immoblized through the use of restraints, which are deemed necessary to reduce the chance that she could try to escape.
_	Having regained most of his memories, Koala served as a subordinate of Meleoron and used his skills to kill his victims in an act of mercy rather than bring them to the Queen alive with the chance that they would be reincarnated like himself.
_	More years of education increase the chance that a father's son will surpass his social class, whereas low IQ makes a father's son prone to falling behind his father's social class.
_	First, it may reduce the chance that attacking insects adapt to plant defenses.
_	As with other tests, predictive value (the chance that a positive or negative result represents the truth), depends strongly on the pre-test probability.
_	Fear of another corrupt leader caused Dredd to abandon the "Judge Child" Owen Krysler on the planet Xanadu, rather than take the chance that he could be redeemed.
_	Avery believed that the attack was called off due to the chance that further musket fire might set off the fort's powder magazine.
_	The most common incidence of interference occurs when a member of the offensive team physically hinders the defensive team, decreasing its chances to make an out or increasing the chance that a baserunner will advance.
_	Using the SIA Bayesian inference equation with formula_4 = 100, n = 1, x = 20 gives the chance that the aisle is above 20 feet long in the Lost-property case:
_	A powerful unit may have a very poor die role, while a mediocre asset with an excellent command line ability may be worth keeping in a deck on the chance that it is drawn into the hand when initiating a battle.
_	Most of the gene defects are autosomal recessives, so that if both the mother and father carry the same defect, the chance that their child will have the associated disease is 1 in 4.
_	The narrator now discusses the subjects of (1) whalers supply; (2) a glen in Tranque in the Arsacides islands full of carved whale bones, fossil whales, whale skeleton measurements; (3) the chance that the magnitude of the whale will diminish and that the leviathan might perish.
_	Since highly conserved proteins are present in many different organisms, this increases the chance that they would develop secondary moonlighting functions.
_	Astrophysicist Fred Hoyle, who was a Darwinist, atheist, anti-theist and advocate of the panspermia theory of life, is reported as having stated that the "probability of life originating on Earth is no greater than the chance that a hurricane, sweeping through a scrapyard, would have the luck to assemble a Boeing 747."
_	She knew that one day Batman would have to retire, or there would be the chance that he'd be killed by one of his enemies eventually.
_	The factors that were shown to have a statistically significant effect on the chance that a civil war would occur in any given five-year period were:
_	A flare released by the target causes a second signal to appear within the FOV, producing a second angle output, and the chance that the seeker will begin to aim at the flare instead.
_	It also helps to reduce the chance that predators will see it or smell it and thereby find the nest.
_	Using a small charge which only jams the weapon is sometimes done when the chance that the doctored ammunition may fall into friendly hands is high, for example, when a case of ammunition is "lost" by appearing to have fallen from the back of a truck.
_	In 2001, based off ten years of data, the organization calculated that the chance that an individual will drown at a beach staffed by United States Lifesaving Association affiliated lifeguards as 1 in 18 million or 0.0000056% and has remained constant in the years since.
_	All levels approved the shoot-down mission, and Mitscher assigned it to Mitchell, who plotted a roundabout approach, far from other islands, to minimize the chance that observers would warn the enemy of the attack.
_	In sporting events, for example, a lucky ritual or object is thought to increase the chance that an athlete will perform at the peak of their ability, rather than increasing their overall ability at that sport.
_	Gorō from voluntarily stepping off the mound, gambling on the chance that Gorō can overcome his fears with a new success.
_	For example, voters who support a very liberal candidate can select a somewhat liberal candidate as their second choice, thus minimising the chance that their vote will result in the election of a conservative candidate.
_	Desperate, Yuxiang not only understands that he has lost his Susan and the trust of his parents, but also that he has wasted the chance that had been given to him.
_	More choices lead to more cognitive dissonance because it increases the chance that the decision-maker made the wrong decision.
_	So when we came up with 'Naya Pakistan', I asked him that this is the chance that's not going to come again so finally Junaid accepted the offer with the condition that he will sing only the opening lines with no music at all." and further added "it signifies the metaphor for unity as we have to compromise for unity in hope of Naya Pakistan."
_	The large volume handled by health care professionals on a daily basis increases the chance that an injury may occur.
_	An alternative technique is fitting the snorkel between the mask-strap and the head, but this practice may increase the chance that the mask leaks, and of losing the snorkel.
_	This will increase the chance that a criminal can obtain a fire arm through legal channels.
_	However, the requirement that such a referendum must first be approved by a three-fourths vote of the Legislative Yuan, and that at least 50% of the whole electorate had to vote for the change for the referendum to succeed considerably reducing the chance that these amendments would trigger a conflict with China.
_	To reduce the chance that the audio is corrupted, quality of service (QoS) is set to ensure that the packets are given priority over other network traffic.
_	Sharing an email address only among a limited group of correspondents is one way to limit the chance that the address will be "harvested" and targeted by spam.
_	Vanth leapt at the chance that there might be a plan to destroy the Zygoteans; though he was shaken when Aknaton revealed the exact nature of the plan to him and the others.
_	A statistician featured in the report, Jeff Rosenthal, calculated that the chance that this would occur purely out of luck is one in a "trillion trillion trillion trillion" (or quindecillion).
_	It was reported alleged systemic issues about the insurance division of CBA including, "refusing to pay total permanent disability (TPD) and terminal illness claims on the chance that a dying person facing organ failure may have their life saved by a transplant, and that a person can claim their life insurance if they are declared terminally ill by two doctors and deemed likely to die within 12 months."
_	When his idea was tried one of the observers was Fritz Haber, who argued that too many shells would be needed, it would be better to release a cloud of heavier-than-air poisonous gas; the first chlorine cloud attack on 22 April 1915 was not supported by a strong infantry thrust, so the chance that gas would break the stalemate was irrevocably gone.
_	It is possible to monitor the chance that a project will meet a specific deadline.
_	From the point of view of natural selection, biological functions exist to contribute to fitness, increasing the chance that an organism will survive to reproduce.
_	As the density of the cloud increases, the chance that the spontaneously emitted photon will leave the cloud without interacting with any further atoms tends to zero.
_	I continue to make music because of the chance that this day could indeed be the day I write another great song or have the opportunity to sing one.
_	Constraints on Iran's uranium enrichment would reduce the chance that its nuclear program could be used to make nuclear warheads.
_	What is the chance that a randomly selected four-person focus group would contain the following voters: 1 for A, 1 for B, 2 for C?
_	When Lubinsky asks the dying Big Jim why he had the Swede killed, Big Jim tells him he could not take the chance that another member of the gang might find the Swede, as he had.
_	She later signed to fight for Strikeforce, which greatly increased the chance that a fight with Gina Carano would take place.
_	Following his forced retirement Collingwood picked Healy in the 1991 Pre-Season Draft on the chance that his injury would recover but Healy never played another AFL match.
_	The PageRank value of a page reflects the chance that the random surfer will land on that page by clicking on a link.
_	An unrelated company registered the name China Securities Co., Ltd. in Hong Kong in 2014 in order to prospecting the chance that CSC bought back the name.
_	For this reason, the pathologist will examine the surgical specimen to determine if a margin of healthy tissue is present, thus decreasing the chance that microscopic cancer cells are left in the patient.
_	Moreover, each nation can purchase technologies to increase the chance that its battles will be successful; these are the same researches encountered in RTS mode.
_	It can be an advantage to lead to a trick, because the player who leads controls the suit that is led and which others must follow; the leading player playing a suit of which he has many, decreases the chance that anyone else would be able to follow suit; while conversely playing a suit of which he has few, allows him to rid his hand of that suit (known as "voiding" the suit), freeing him from the restriction to follow suit when that suit is led by another player.
_	By sampling different situations, researchers reduce the chance that the results they obtain will be particular to a certain set of circumstances or conditions.
_	Ian Wade of BBC Music also gave it a positive review, stating: "There's still the chance that this album will finally push [Interpol] into the stratosphere -- you wish Interpol were globally huge, you really do -- although it's likely that their future won't be written until after Dengler's tour-replacements have helped broaden the band's palette more".
_	The Balinese Hindu theology holds that there is a competition between evil residents of the lower realm to capture this soul, and a proper cremation enhances the chance that it may reach the upper realm.
_	One problem with comparing these two different hypotheses comes from the chance that dimorphic niches may have evolved from something in the past that is no longer present today, also known as "ghost of competition past" by Connell.
_	For Renault this new suspension type, that he patented despite its obvious Vickers ancestry, offered the solution for severe problems he had experienced trying to adapt his existing suspension models, using single track guides, to a high velocity vehicle without increasing the chance that the track would be thrown at higher speeds.
_	This would maximize the chance that the target would still be visible to the missile after it was launched.
_	However, Mab had considered the chance that Sarissa wouldn't become the Winter Lady (most likely because of getting killed by either Maeve or her Maeve's minions) and had arranged for Molly to not only be close by, but to qualify as a potential Lady candidate.
_	Not wearing the guild colors might create confusion on the battlefield and get your character killed as it is safer for your side to kill you instead of taking the chance that you might actually be an ennemy.
_	When a student participates, he or she forms both social and emotional ties to the university that both encourage the student to do well academically and reduce the chance that the student will drop out of school entirely or leave for another university.
_	Since the production company owns the vehicles it guarantees that the show will award the titles to both cars to the winner of the race and eliminates the chance that the loser will refuse to forfeit his/her car after the race.
_	To compensate for this, RNA viruses often have segmented genomes – the genome is split into smaller molecules – thus reducing the chance that an error in a single-component genome will incapacitate the entire genome.
_	This reduction of paces during the night causes prey to find it more difficult to detect the stilled birds which increases the ability of the plovers to be able to detect their prey and decreases the chance that prey could be unnoticed.
_	Other changes included: an improved greasing system; reinforced ball bearings for the road wheels; a different form for the idler and sprocket to reduce the chance that tracks would be thrown; shorter mudguards; a thinner antenna; a new "Vertex" distributor and a "Vlet" starter engine using compressed air to reduce the demand on the battery.
_	Lead house sponsor of a bill raising the compulsory attendance age to 18 thereby increasing the chance that young people will graduate with a high school diploma and continue to pursue higher education.
_	The mouth being some from Hayle Mill was acceptable to Herbert Green, who said that "the longer the tunnel was the less the chance that the line would actually be built."
_	As modems increase in speed by using up more of the available bandwidth, the chance that random noise would introduce errors also increases; above 2400 bit/s these errors are quite common.
_	This is beneficial for the bees to live communally since there is the chance that another bee will be at their tunnel discouraging the flies.
_	Degas's painting shows a bleak scene of despair blunted by absinthe; Manet's is a more hopeful scene, where there is the chance that the sitter's loneliness may be broken.
_	This distribution is much larger than the lethal radius of the shells, so the chance that any one shell will successfully hit the target is very small.
_	This would maximize the chance that the target would still be visible to the missile after it was launched.
_	Post-crash survivability is the chance that drivers and passengers survive a crash after it occurs.
_	This method captures them all, reducing the chance that any will be overlooked.
_	An estimate of the uncertainty in the first and second case can be obtained with the binomial probability distribution using for example the probability of exceedance "Pe" (i.e. the chance that the event "X" is larger than a reference value "Xr" of "X") and the probability of non-exceedance "Pn" (i.e. the chance that the event "X" is smaller than or equal to the reference value "Xr", this is also called cumulative probability).
_	This dramatically reduces the chance that external circuits may filter the signal out.
_	However, if the employer invests a lot on her, the chance that she will stay is higher.
_	The stereotyped proceedings which follow the taking up of a run may be described in this way, and if I mention them, it is only on the chance that further publicity —for they are well known—may possibly contribute to the adoption of more humane measures.
_	A faulty exhaust increases noise, decreases engine power, can expose the user to unsafe levels of exhaust gases, and can increase the chance that the user could accidentally touch extremely hot metal.
_	With another rain shower approaching Pocono, he took the chance that all the other cars would have to pit after they did, thereby giving them the lead.
_	Chemical castration is often seen as an easier alternative to life imprisonment or the death penalty because it allows the release of sex offenders while reducing or eliminating the chance that they reoffend.
_	However, the chance that two ions will collide is infinitesimal; most of the ions would fly by each other and their energy would be lost.
_	If the batsman is dismissed (rather than his team declaring because it has enough runs), what is the chance that he will end up with a score more than double his current total?
_	This minimizes the chance that the incidence of confounding variables will differ between the two groups.
_	This halts their usually innate repulsive behavior to vertebrate odors and increases the chance that they will attempt to draw blood from a host.
_	This reduces the chance that the workpiece is pushed too deeply into the bit (which would result in significant kickback from the cutting edge being unable to compensate).
_	She remained off Hokkaidō for two days on the chance that she might be able to aid "Bonefish", missing since her request to make a daylight submerged patrol of Toyama Wan some days earlier.
_	Finally, in order to understand the underlying physics, the "quantum efficiency" is used to compare the chance that one photon (of a particular energy) will create one electron.
_	It increases the chance that the friends and loved ones of the individuals in the community will discover their disorders and assist them in seeking professional help."
_	Wolfgang Giese, head of the investigation, denied the chance that drugs, alcohol, or extreme right-wing ideology were behind Peyerl's actions, saying those things played "no role".
_	In other words, as more and more details about the boy child are given (for instance: born on January 1), the chance that the other child is a girl approaches one half.
_	The similarity to calcium and the chance that the strontium-90 might become enriched in bones made research on the metabolism of strontium an important topic.
_	Short, upright pasterns are beneficial in that they decrease the chance that the horse will suffer from soft-tissue injury.
_	On 31 December 2015 he gave the traditional New Year's Eve performance ("Oudejaarsconference") on Dutch television, in which he remarked that the chance that he would become 90 years old was statistically larger than the chance that he died three years ago.
_	He couldn’t take the chance that it would be destroyed in the fire or could be traced to him, but by the time he realized it, the engines from Joe's firehouse had already passed him and he couldn't go back inside.
_	Laplace came up with this smoothing technique when he tried to estimate the chance that the sun will rise tomorrow.
_	If so, as combination BB has twice the probability of either BG or GB of having resulted in the boy walking companion (and combination GG has zero probability, ruling it out), the union of events BG and GB becomes equiprobable with event BB, and so the chance that the other child is also a boy is .
_	Corporations may be inclined to share data for commercial advantage and fail to officially recognize it as sensitive to avoid legal liability in the chance that lapses of security may occur.
_	"Of course, there's always the chance that he went on holiday."
_	Constructivist thinking should, ideally, decrease the chance that we will confuse our map of the world with the actual world...
_	Originally, Dayhoff defined the cutoff for superfamily status as being the chance that the sequences are not related of 10 6, on the basis of an alignment score (Dayhoff et al. 1978).
_	This was a low-tech method that would blow back a few elements in the direction opposite of its velocity vector to greatly reduce the energy upon reaching the surface (in the way that landers are designed to reduce velocity) which would improve the chance that some part of the sphere might survive the impact.
_	On July 19, Ernst submitted a written testimony in support of the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act to the Energy and Natural Resources Subcommittee, stressing the importance of hastening its passage: "The longer we wait, the greater the chance that our first veterans of the Global War on Terror will not be witnesses to a National Memorial dedicated to their service and sacrifice."
_	I looked again on the chance that I might just find my ring, papa’s gift to me, but it remained hidden."
_	However, since many molecular interactions cannot be predicted, the wider the chemical space that is sampled by the chemical library, the better the chance that high-throughput screening will find a "hit"—a chemical with an appropriate interaction in a biological model that might be developed into a drug.
_	When hCG levels continue to rise after the removal of the ectopic pregnancy, there is the chance that a pregnancy inside the uterus is still viable.
_	An intuitive explanation for this result, is that in any case that the sequence is not immediately the first player's choice, the chances for the first player getting their sequence-beginning, the opening two choices, are usually the chance that the second player will be getting their full sequence.
_	Tossing point cards such as the Jack, Off-Jack, or Joker can useful if the other team bids too high, or when it is the only trump in the hand and the other team keeps many cards which decreases the chance that the redeal will provide protection.
_	Windows Vista build 5824 (October 17, 2006) was supposed to be the RTM release, but a bug, which destroyed any system that was upgraded from Windows XP, prevented this, damaging development and lowering the chance that it would hit its January 2007 deadline.
_	This ruled out the chance that President Idriss Déby could stand for reelection in the 2006 presidential elections, as he had already been reelected in 2001.
_	Since this is expensive, the algorithm tries to reduce the chance that it will occur by forming as reasonably smaller partitions as possible during the initial partitioning phase.
_	It later became known that the network had been blacklisted because most of its affiliates carried conservative talk radio shows that were the subject of advertiser boycotts, and advertisers were unwilling to advertise on the network because of the chance that their barter commercials might air during one of the blacklisted shows.
_	Another study found that the likelihood for women to be involved in infidelity reached a peak in the seventh year of their marriage and then declined afterwards; whereas for married men, the longer they were in relationships, the less likely they were to engage in infidelity, except for the eighteenth year of marriage, at which point the chance that men will engage in infidelity increases.
_	This leads to teams running plays in the middle of the field in order to minimize the chance that the ball will travel out of bounds.
_	Karin rings from Paris, offering the chance that they will perhaps meet again.
_	Such an interval also estimates the risk of failure, i.e. the chance that the predicted event still remains outside the confidence interval.
_	There is no known simple, deterministic, in-place algorithm to determine this, but if we simply start at one vertex and perform a random walk of about 20"n" steps, the chance that we will stumble across the other vertex provided that it is in the same component is very high.
_	Adaptation acts as insurance against the chance that unfavourable impacts occur.
_	In combat, skills will be randomly presented, and the number of skills that a character learns will decrease the chance that a specific skill will be presented.
_	There is also the chance that the energy market might improve due to economic or political changes.
_	It is useful in predicting the chance that an extreme earthquake, flood or other natural disaster will occur.
_	On the other hand, Smith was willing to tolerate the presence of men "as corrupt as the devil himself" in Nauvoo, Illinois, who "had been guilty of murder and robbery," in the chance that they might "come to the waters of baptism through repentance, and redeem a part of their allotted time" .
_	St Andrews is one of a few schools in the UK to use the multiple mini interview, an interview system first developed by McMaster University Medical School which exposes applicants to several interviews of shorter time, exposing the applicant to more interviewers and reducing the chance that one bad or good interview determines the applicants success at gaining admissions.
_	In medicine, the 'J curve' refers to a graph in which the x-axis measures either of two treatable symptoms (blood pressure or blood cholesterol level) while the y-axis measures the chance that a patient will develop cardiovascular disease (CVD).
_	The airport operator still took the chance that the military would repay the advance, since it had done so in similar situation earlier.
_	Poor lower leg position makes a rider more likely to lose balance over fences, and therefore increases the chance that he may fall.
_	She did not outlive the average life expectancy for white females born in the early 1900's, the chance that females born 1899-1903 lived to age 70 was 56.114%.
_	To find the chance that a particle will pass through a point, the waves of each particle needs to be added up.
_	Because of the nature of the SMS, the chance that these parts of the SMS message arrive in order is slim and therefore a strategy is implemented in order for the original long message to be reconstructed.
_	VoIP receivers counter jitter by storing incoming packets briefly in a "de-jitter" or "playout" buffer, deliberately increasing latency to improve the chance that each packet will be on hand when it is time for the voice engine to play it.
_	And the more ideologically oriented our objectives, the less the chance that we can recognize or assimilate contrary evidence.
_	As more transistors are put on a chip, the cost to make each transistor decreases, but the chance that the chip will not work due to a defect increases.
_	Therefore, when moving in a favorable direction, the concentration of the chemical attractant increases and "tumbles" are continually suppressed; however, when the cell's direction of motion is unfavorable (e.g., away from a chemical attractant), tumbles are no longer suppressed and occur much more often, with the chance that the cell will be thus reoriented in the correct direction.
_	Nevertheless, researchers were highly confident that the results were not a false positive, since the chance that the detections were random events was estimated to be less than one part in .
_	Due to the chance that they may be eaten during or after copulation, male spiders use genital mutilation to increase their chances of successful mating.
_	In order to attack a target, guns fire continually while the aircraft are in range in order to launch as many shells as possible, increasing the chance that one of these will end up within the lethal range.
_	Since the chance that either of those candidates would be named as their party's representative seemed unlikely, by this point in the election one of the campaign's priorities was securing a place on the ballot, which they had done in 20 of the 50 states.
_	This is because of the chance that there will be a skewed X inactivation pattern enzyme measurement in fibroblasts, meaning that the enzyme activity measurement may not be entirely accurate.
_	This is because it does not allow for the volatility of investment returns in each future time period or the chance that an extreme event in a particular time period leads to an investment return less than the guarantee.
_	These include liquidity risk (where many depositors may request withdrawals in excess of available funds), credit risk (the chance that those who owe money to the bank will not repay it), and interest rate risk (the possibility that the bank will become unprofitable, if rising interest rates force it to pay relatively more on its deposits than it receives on its loans).
_	No survivors were recovered, though divers were sent down on the chance that some might have been trapped in the wreckage.
_	In most cases, the solution is to break the fuel mass into a large number of smaller "fuel pellets" and then surround them by some form of neutron moderator that will slow the neutrons, thereby increasing the chance that the neutrons will cause fission in U in other pellets.
_	Zanamivir or oseltamivir decrease the chance that people who are exposed to the virus will develop symptoms; however, it is recommended that potential side effects are taken into account.
_	Allmusic stated in their review "This is a varied set, as if Van Ronk were trying to cover a lot of bases against the chance that he might not get another opportunity to record again soon."
_	Vanth leaps at the chance that there might be a plan to destroy the Zygoteans, though he is shaken when Aknaton reveals the exact nature of the plan to him and the others.
_	The treaty defused tensions, lessening the chance that Morocco would agree to British requests to declare war on the Spanish, as in 1774.
_	Anything that causes an imbalance between the beneficial and harmful bacteria in the gut can help increase the chance that fermentation in the gut will develop.
_	What is the chance that the person is a terrorist?
_	As a result, an ambush was laid by an anti-Treaty column at that point, on the chance that the convoy might come through again on their return journey.
_	Since the winner of an Arizona recall election is the candidate who receives a plurality of the votes cast, and the candidate whose recall is sought is also on the ballot, the effect of casting such a write-in vote is to decrease the chance that a single challenger will receive more votes than the candidate whose recall is sought.
_	This arose from the chance that a dispute over the franchise arose in 1624, and the House of Commons had to decide whether only the freeholders could vote or if the right should extend to all the householders.
_	It turns out to be more serious than the detection loophole in that it gives more room for local hidden variables to reproduce quantum correlations, for the same effective experimental efficiency: the chance that particle 1 is accepted (coincidence loophole) or measured (detection loophole) given that particle 2 is detected.
_	Because some signals that the detector receives might be due to neutrons, this new radioactivity reduction lessens the chance that future detections will be caused less by well-known particles ("e.g." neutrons) and more by the sought-after WIMPs.
_	HPTN 052 is the name of a clinical trial conducted in nine countries which examined whether starting people living with HIV on antiretroviral therapy (ART) can reduce the chance that they will pass HIV on to their sexual partners who do not have HIV.
_	UCERF has also prepared "participation probability maps" of the chance that any area will experience an earthquake above a certain magnitude from any source in the next 30 years (see figure).
_	However, depression has also been found to reduce the chance that a parent will act aggressively towards their child, an outcome that is compatible with evolutionary approaches emphasizing depression's role as a potential signal of need or a bargaining strategy.
_	On rebuttal, Steinberg returned to another point he had been trying to make: that the title-application mailings were actually potentially counterproductive to Schmuck's scheme, since they increased the chance that his odometer alteration would be discovered.
_	Many passionate sport observers feel that the outcomes of particular games are of the most importance in their lives, and will conduct rituals in an attempt to increase the chance that their wishes come true.
_	Producer Terry Sanders sent the script to the Pentagon in the chance that the military might provide assistance.
_	They were saving some room, on the chance that there would possibly be a better ride.
_	Hearing that a new "Star Wars" trilogy was in pre-production, Hickel applied for a transfer to ILM on the chance that he might get to work on the prequels.
_	This treatment increases the chance that the fetus will survive until birth.
_	The previous analysis calculates "expected value", but we can ask another question: what is the chance that one can play a casino game using the martingale strategy, and avoid the losing streak long enough to double one's bankroll.
_	Jason Anderson, for one, argues that with this "lackluster" album, high only "in high-schmaltz rating," the band squandered the chance that Portrait gave it.
_	This improves the chance that the file will be written in a contiguous group of blocks, reducing fragmentation problems and increasing performance.
_	The exercise of player skills reduces the chance that a subsequent skill check (of any skill, not just the same skill) will be successful.
_	Greenberg's diversity index is the chance that two randomly selected people would have different mother tongues.
_	“The downside of Parfit’s proposal was that it would further habituate Luna to human interaction and lessen the chance that he might ever reintegrate with his family group.
_	This reduces the chance that the neutrons are captured by U-235 atoms and initiate fission, thus reducing the reactor's power output and placing an inherent upper limit on the temperature of the fuel.
_	This minimizes the chance that erroneous changes will be "rolled-out" to general ClearQuest users.
_	This also increases the chance that a freshly ejected electron will meet up with a previously created hole in the material before reaching the p-n junction.
_	Methods such as dehumanization allow individuals to detach more easily from moral responsibility, and group influence increase the chance that individuals will concede to conformity and compliance.
_	So if the algorithm is run 100 times, then the chance of it giving the wrong answer every time is lower than the chance that cosmic rays corrupted the memory of the computer running the algorithm.
_	Those that are working with disabilities often feel that they are being left out of social outings and are given work that isn't relative to their level of skill, which causes dissatisfaction, increasing the chance that they will retire early.
_	In these cases the purpose of radiation is to reduce the chance that the cancer will recur locally (within the breast or axilla).
_	As the proportion of a person's social network lay outside the locale in which one resides declines, the chance that one votes or otherwise participates in local affairs also declines.
_	At the wedding, a ray of light falls upon Marco who then ascends to heaven, although not before asking for "a minute" to entreat the viewer to do the right thing while they are alive, because they will not have the chance that he did to set things right after death.
_	On January 5, 2012, General Motors announced that it would offer a customer-satisfaction program to provide modifications to the Chevrolet Volt to reduce the chance that the battery pack could catch fire days or weeks after a severe accident.
_	After discussing the question with a colleague, the idea came up that it may be necessary to illegally destroy the book and then take the chance that Ramsay would get only token damages out of any legal action that might ensue.
_	In summary, the pre-test probability refers to the chance that an individual has a disorder or condition prior to the use of a diagnostic test.
_	Then, the chance that the first letter typed is 'b' is 1/50, and the chance that the second letter typed is "a" is also 1/50, and so on.
_	Most of the "Arctic" party traveled on the same steamer; Geib remained in St John's, on the chance that further survivors might arrive.
_	Release of the paper on 22 April 1998 was given exceptional media coverage, possibly due to the chance that this happened to be Earth Day and it was the warmest year on record.
_	These are easier to make because they impart less speed on the object stone, therefore increasing the chance that it remains in play even if a bigger chunk of it is hit.
_	To reduce the chance that he would be sent to Auschwitz or a similar fate, his parents send him to live with a farm family, the elderly parents of Catholic friends of his parents.
_	Assuming the NRC's failure rate applies to all of these dams, the chance that one will fail over the next 40 years is about 1 in 4 or 25 percent chance.
_	If the switch were to move to the off position while the operator was in the middle of a critical cut while felling a tree, there would at least be a delay, which increases the chance that the tree might fall in an uncontrolled manner.
_	One of the defendant's arguments had been that the mailings were not only not necessary to the fraud, they were actually counterproductive to his scheme because they increased the chance that his crime would be discovered.
_	This method has been used for years within National Weather Service forecasts, as a period's chance of rain equals the chance that will fall in any particular spot.
_	These same principles reduce the chance that a house fire will spread to the wildlands.
_	Scarring reduces the diameter of the esophagus (a stenosis or stricture), which increases the chance that the horse may choke again.
_	Thus, trademark-stuffed anchor links signal relationship information to the search engines, thereby increasing the chance that an infringing website could achieve higher organic search rankings for a trademark keyword phrase.
_	This subtlety can increase the chance that a programmer will unknowingly introduce a "deadlock".
_	Listing was believed to increase the chance that it could become the focus of a dig by state archeologists.
_	Thus, it was logically “not surprising that the Arroyos and their lawyers apparently prepared for the chance that the Supreme Court might favorably act on their applications for TRO and so, had their plans in place.
_	As players are generally likely to choose a unique answer, players willing to take a risk can attempt a double bluff and choose an extremely obvious answer in the chance that other players have avoided it for that reason.
_	Therefore, by presenting ads in multiple modalities the chance that the target brand has unique cues is increased.
_	They don't have any special attributes or retinue, but if killed in battle troop morale decreases, increasing the chance that the army will rout.
_	As a result, it decreases the chance that females would be deceived, leading to an evolutionarily unstable strategy.
_	Adelaide coach Neil Craig offered him a spot on the Crows' senior list, whereas Melbourne could only offer McKenzie a spot on their rookie list, with the chance that he might be promoted to the senior list during the year.
_	When Gamou hears the hypothesis, he is impressed and bestows the Supernova powers to the Capricorn Zodiarts to increase the chance that they may succeed in this task.
_	This increases the chance that the system will arrive into the basin of a "strong" or "deep" attractor, from which it then quickly enters the attractor itself.
_	Pregnancy and giving birth significantly increases the chance that these mothers will become high school dropouts and as many as half have to go on welfare.
_	These objectives generally conflict – to score quickly, risky shots must be played, increasing the chance that the batsman will be dismissed, while the batsman's safest choice with a careful wicket-guarding stroke may be not to attempt any runs at all.
_	(e.g. if someone perceived themselves as a trendy youngster and valued advanced technology, the chance that they will buy an iPod for their own use is very high).
_	Luggage is more likely to be lost or misdirected if the journey has several legs, as each transfer between different vehicles increases the chance that bags will be mishandled.
_	If the strings are uniformly distributed random letters, then the chance that characters match is 1 in 26.
_	Heavy water has an extra neutron, so the chance that the original fission neutron will be absorbed during moderation is greatly reduced.
_	Put it this way: the chance that there being intelligent alien life are, for me, infinitely higher than the chance there being a creator god."
_	This distribution is much larger than the lethal radius of the shells, so the chance that any one shell will successfully hit the target is very small.
_	Young archerfish form small schools while learning aim, increasing the chance that at least one shot will hit the target.
_	Postponement of the invasion would have required recalling men and ships already in position to cross the Channel, and would have increased the chance that the invasion plans would be detected.
_	In some science fiction, hyperspace travel is portrayed as potentially dangerous due to the chance that the route through hyperspace may take the ship too close to a celestial body with a large gravitational field, such as a star, or a black hole.
_	Project RAINBOW was the name given by the CIA to a research project aimed at reducing the radar cross-section of the Lockheed U-2 and lowering the chance that it would be detected and tracked by Soviet radars during its overflights of the USSR.
_	Cataloging as many of these fragmentary works as possible increases the chance that some manuscripts could be reconstituted, if only virtually.
_	This expansion of the register file increases the chance that a given procedure can fit all of its local storage in registers, as well as increasing the nesting depth.
_	This timing increases the chance that they will be picked up by a blood-feeding arthropod vector, which are often more active at certain times of the day.
_	In holding civilization together, he is increasing the chance that something will survive the catastrophe."
_	Therefore, the chance that the host opens door 3 is 50%.
_	Given that the car "is" behind door 1, the chance that the host opens door 3 is also 50%, because, when the host has a choice, either choice is equally likely.
_	Therefore, whether or not the car is behind door 1, the chance that the host opens door 3 is 50%.
_	A class is characterized by a pattern of conditional probabilities that indicate the chance that variables take on certain values.
_	To combat the chance that Bokassa would stage a coup, Dacko created the gendarmerie, an armed police force of 500 and a 120-member presidential security guard, led by Jean Izamo and Prosper Mounoumbaye, respectively.
_	This is because of the chance that there will be a skewed X inactivation pattern enzyme measurement in fibroblasts, meaning that the enzyme activity measurement may not be entirely accurate.
_	EPIRBs greatly increase the chance that the sailor will be found.
_	This decreases the chance that any single anchor point will fail, and, if a point does fail, the other(s) should still be able to hold.
_	Socioeconomic mobility typically refers to "relative mobility", the chance that an individual American's income or social status will rise or fall in comparison to other Americans, but can also refer to "absolute" mobility, based on changes in living standards in America.
_	After a sufficient number of tenfold reductions, the chance that there any microorganisms left will be extremely low.
_	His comments led defense industry leaders to pin their final hopes on the chance that Congress would at least allow the Pentagon to direct the coming cuts.
_	In finance, risk is the chance that the return achieved on an investment will be different from that expected, and also takes into account the size of the difference.
_	In an April 2010 interview, Geithner said: "The distinction in strategy that we adopted when we came in was to try and maximize the chance that capital needs could be met privately, not publicly."
_	The chance of ("a", "a" + "n") being free from the factor "q", divided by the chance that ("a", "a" + "2") is free from "q", then becomes formula_9 divided by formula_10.
_	International adoptions can have additional motivations, including reducing the chance that a biological family member will later challenge the adoption or interfere in the child's life, rescuing a child from a life of poverty (seen by some as patronizing or even neo-colonialist), and "saving" a child in the religious sense of converting them to the family's religion (not necessarily considered beneficial by those of different religions or no religion).
_	The malaria parasite modifies the skin odour of its human hosts, increasing their attractiveness to mosquitoes and hence improving the chance that the parasite will be transmitted.
_	The increased availability of birth control (and the quasi-legalisation of abortion in some places) helped reduce the chance that pre-marital sex would result in unwanted children.
_	In APOLLO, the incoming photons are spread over an array of independent detectors, which reduces the chance that two or more photons hit any one of the detectors.
_	Similarly, the relationship between a parent and a child is found by the chance that the randomly picked allele in the child is from the parent (probability 1/2) and the probability of the allele that is picked from the parent being the same one passed to the child (probability 1/2).
_	Some studies show a link between anxious behaviour and risk (the chance that an outcome will have an unfavorable result).
_	This is a concept in which the chance that a compartment is damaged is combined with the consequences for the ship, resulting in a damage stability index number that has to comply with certain regulations.
