_	Dissatisfaction over the proposal led to public criticism and a series of complaints, including the charge that "遠水不能救近火"
_	In the Jews cry out to Pontius Pilate "Crucify him" based on the charge that Jesus "made himself the Son of God."
_	The charge that Jesus had declared himself "Son of God" was essential to the argument of the Jews from a religious perspective, as the charge that he had called himself King of the Jews was important to Pilate from a political perspective, for it meant possible rebellion against Rome.
_	The regiment was first part of the charge that initiated at Baccarat, then pierced through while ramming Phalsbourg, through the hills and in the forests, even throughout the routes deemed difficult for the armored equipment.
_	Hindu schools were mushrooming everywhere to the charge that Bhadase was building cowshed schools, which were unhealthy and physically unfit for children to be educated, he declared, "It is better to have a child receive an education in a cowshed than none at all".
_	Addressing the charge that his legal campaigns and victories have reduced personal responsibility, according to the "Hartford Courant", Banzhaf replied with a rhetorical question:
_	On July 19, 2001, she was sentenced to 60 days of prison on the charge that she was trespassing on Navy property.
_	They included a list of seven charges, all of which probably may be summed in the charge that he was not teaching "the type of Lutheranism that dictated the establishment of Wittenberg College, that animated its founders in undertaking it, and in whose interests the original trust was created."
_	This is the charge that flows through the cross section per unit time, i.e. the current .
_	When the accusation was leaked to the press, McCarthy backed off from the charge that Lattimore was a spy but continued the attack in public session of the committee and in speeches.
_	Of the charge that he was secretly a Roman Catholic he clears himself in his last important work, "Warum willst du nicht römisch-katholisch werden, wie deine Vorfahren waren?" (4 parts, Hanover, 1669 72).
_	Lazard arrived in the United States in 1844 or 1850 and became a U.S. citizen about 1853, but In 1861 he visited France and was arrested on the charge that he still owed military duty to that country, where he had been born.
_	This sent the Germans into a panic and isolated the Communists further among the civilians; additionally, thousands of Communists were imprisoned in the days following the fire (including leaders of the Communist Party of Germany) on the charge that the Party was preparing to stage a "putsch".
_	When S is closed, some of that charge is transferred out of the capacitor, after which the charge that remains in capacitor C is:
_	In 2002, Cohen defended the PNAC membership against the charge that its personnel were chicken-hawks.
_	"Feedstuffs," an agribusiness newspaper, has leveled the charge that HSUS is pursuing a vegetarianism and veganism agenda instead of animal welfare.
_	Goldberg writes that "One of Lozowick's most important contributions is to refute the pernicious claim that Zionism is a form of European colonialism", and that another important contribution is the refutation of the charge that Israel is a racist state.
_	Amongst the criticisms levied against CNN, as well as the other major U.S. news channels, is the charge that CNN took a lenient approach to the Bush administration, particularly after the September 11 attacks.
_	This last equation represents what is going on in formula_11 - it increases (or decreases) its voltage each cycle according to the charge that is being "pumped" from formula_14 (due to the op-amp).
_	In the video, Warren rebuts the charge that asking the rich to pay more taxes is "class warfare", pointing out that no one grew rich in America without depending on infrastructure paid for by the rest of society, stating:
_	After Seina Yamada was accused of stealing the Kamidake II, when he was ordered to turn it over to the Galaxy Army, Misao with his unit had detained his former teacher Amane Kaunaq (Amane had trained Misao and still refers to him as "Rookie"), as well as Kiriko Masaki, Ryoko Balta and Neju Ne Melmas, under the charge that they were accomplices.
_	The article refuted the charge that Boros lacked toughness but opened as follows:
_	Two days before his deportation, the "New York Times" reported that Miraglia, "self-appointed head" of the "Catholic Independent Church of Rome", was detained on Ellis Island "on the charge that he is an undesirable citizen" after being apprehended in Springfield, Massachusetts.
_	Two weeks later, a correspondent at "The Washington Post" fact-checked the charge that Obama skipped more than half of his daily briefings and assigned it "Three Pinocchios".
_	Lim was arrested and detained on the charge that he masterminded the riots, although the speech he made might not even have been inflammatory.
_	A stronger case could be made for the charge that he accepted sexual favours from prostitutes in exchange for leniency in their trials.
_	The new Oath of Supremacy that nobles were required to swear gave the Queen's title as "Supreme Governor" of the church rather than "Supreme Head", to avoid the charge that the monarchy was claiming divinity or usurping Christ, whom the Bible explicitly identifies as Head of the Church.
_	Several months after the drama ended, members of the "Faith" cast and crew filed a lawsuit in February 2013 against Kim over unpaid wages amounting to (), under the charge that he had misappropriated for personal use.
_	(3) Metals have a high density of states at the Fermi level, so the charge that generates/screens external electric fields lies mainly on the outside of the top atomic layer, and no meaningful "field penetration" occurs.
_	Moens, who was introduced to D.C. black society by W.E.B. du Bois, said he was going to show that ""white people had as much Negro blood in them as colored people"" and ""to correct the charge that colored people were inferior to white people"."
_	He concluded: "I find it impossible to defend Pat Buchanan against the charge that what he did and said during the period under examination amounted to anti-Semitism."
_	On 8 August 1953 he was dismissed as Prime Minister by the then Sadr-i-Riyasat (Constitutional Head of State) Dr. Karan Singh, son of the erstwhile Maharajah Hari Singh, on the charge that he had lost the confidence of his cabinet (not the house).
_	Elstein wrote in his view that the chapter on Kenya left Goldhagen open "...to the charge that he is the kind of scholar who is either unaware of the facts or prefers to exclude those which do not fit his thesis".
_	King was interviewed, but denied the charge that she was Kate Stoddard.
_	Ginsberg responded in a 1958 interview with "The Village Voice", specifically addressing the charge that the Beats destroyed "the distinction between life and literature".
_	“The thesis of the book is that the contempt in which Jewish people are held by such great numbers of people and the persecutions which they have experienced through nineteen hundred years are to be traced to a Christian source—the charge that the Jewish people are a ‘deicide’ people, that they ‘killed God’.”
_	Billington's concrete structure, extended in 1986–89, faced the same criticism as the police station: in particular, the charge that the architecture "failed to provide civic monuments of quality".
_	At this debate Lincoln went further than before in denying the charge that he was an abolitionist, saying that:
_	If the distributor did not cross a state line while making his rounds, it was very difficult to charge him (or her, in a few cases) with a Federal offense, although in the Hepler case authorities were able to sentence him to five years in the Atlanta Penitentiary—not for distributing pornography, but on the charge that he had cheated his business partner on the proceeds.
_	The Chomsky-Finkelstein-Cockburn mode of ad hominem attack proved particularly successful against Peters because the words "hoax," "fraud," "fake," and "plagiarism" are so dramatic and unforgettable, as is the charge that Peters did not actually write the book.
_	The word acosmism is often traced to Hegel who used it in his discussion of the philosophy of religion, in particular his understanding of pantheism and refutation of the charge that Spinoza was an atheist.
_	As early as 167 AD, in a tract bearing the title "Peri Pascha" that may have been designed to bolster a minor Christian sect's presence in Sardis, where Jews had a thriving community with excellent relations with Greeks, and which is attributed to a Quartodeciman, Melito of Sardis, a statement is made that appears to have transformed the charge that Jews had killed their own Messiah into the charge that the Jews had killed God himself.
_	Dudley caused Phips to be arrested shortly after his arrival, on the charge that Phips had withheld customs money from the crown.
_	"The Capitalist Manifesto" was on "The New York Times" Non-Fiction Best Seller List in February and March of 1958, ranking 15th and 13th, respectively, and was reviewed in a number of major publications, including "Time" magazine, which stated that the book presents its analysis as "a revolutionary force in human affairs offering still unplumbed promise for the future," and that it "refutes the charge that capitalist thought has lost the imaginative flexibility to cope with the challenges of the age."
_	The government of Israel rejected the report as prejudiced and full of errors, and also sharply rejected the charge that it had a policy of deliberately targeting civilians.
_	Manning had resigned his position as Leader of the Opposition to combat the charge that it gave him an unfair advantage over other contestants for the Alliance leadership.
_	Aside from the government spending and the tactics used to ensure the spending, the article repeated the charge that the collection was second-rate.
_	Steuart soon became lieutenant colonel of the newly formed 1st Maryland Infantry, serving under Colonel Arnold Elzey, and fought with distinction at the First Battle of Bull Run, taking part in the charge that routed the Union army.
_	Concerning the charge that he does not understand Tantra, he argued that Tyagananda’s version of Tantra is the "right-handed" ascetic path, as expounded by neo-Vedanta, while the Tantra of Ramakrishna's milieu was the "left-handed" path, which integrates the sexual with the spiritual.
_	In Obomsawin's pivotal exchange with Lessard, a member of the sovereigntist Parti Québécois, she confronts Lessard with the charge that a movement such as his that favours national self-determination for the Québécois was at the same time suppressing those rights for First Nations.
_	The unionist press related that "the argument of this heinous act was the charge that the elected ruler would have betrayed the interests of the country to a foreign power".
_	And concludes: "These poems, with their charm and compactness, make a cogent argument against the charge that all modern verse is obscure."
_	Browning rejects the charge that the .223 WSSM round is especially hard on barrels: "The 223 and 243 WSSM cartridges are said to 'burn up' barrels in as little as 300 rounds.
_	According to Paul Vitz, this may be connected with the charge that "Rogers and Maslow both transform self-actualization from a descriptive notion into a moral norm"; although if it is indeed as good a reality as they purport, then a certain eagerness in their communication is understandable.
_	For his part, Murtaza always denied the charge that he espoused the politics of terrorism.
_	In December 1991 he was ousted from his position as President of the Senate on the charge that he was using his post to boost his chances of becoming the President of the Philippines in the 1992 elections in which he is a candidate and of obstructing the priority legislations of the Aquino administration and of his neglect of administering the Senate, and was succeeded by Senator Neptali A. Gonzales, Sr. who served as Senate President on January 1, 1992, following a transition of leadership agreement with Salonga.
_	He defended Treasury from the charge that its advice was at odds with Labour policy by arguing that its role was to give advice based on the interests of the nation as a whole.
_	As of 2011, a Spanish court was investigating these charges of money laundering as well as the charge that the money had been used to buy luxury homes and chalets primarily in Madrid and the Canary Islands.
_	After the paternity claims, Brown made other allegations suggesting that there was a conspiracy to assassinate Kennedy, including the charge that Johnson had foreknowledge of a plot.
_	Early experimenters (such as Benjamin Wilson in 1746) reported that the thinner the dielectric and the greater the surface, the greater the charge that could be accumulated.
_	Countering the charge that Independency led to heresy, she pointed to equal likelihood of abuses by a powerful clergy:
_	Westfall absolves Whiston of the charge that he pushed for the posthumous publication of the "Chronology" just to attack it, commenting that the heirs were in any case looking to publish manuscripts of Newton, who died in 1727.
_	DeLeon's supporters responded with the charge that the ultra-proletarian St. John–Trautmann faction with trying to transform the IWW into a "purely physical force body," dismissing political action altogether.
_	In an interview given to Swarajya (magazine), Dixit refuted the charge that by attacking violent monotheism of Kutila Dharma, he was indirectly hinting at something.
_	In response, Zemskov wrote that the charge that Zemskov allegedly did not compare new data with already known information could not be called fair.
_	When Gardner died in 1924, her will created an endowment of $1 million and outlined stipulations for the support of the museum, including the charge that her collection be permanently exhibited "for the education and enjoyment of the public forever" according to her aesthetic vision and intent.
_	It considered the charge that parts of the government were engaged in research for theoretical, not practical, purposes.
_	To the charge that a 20 petaflop supercomputer was not produced in the time he predicted, Kurzweil responded that he considers
_	This concession to the "gradualists", that not everyone can achieve the highest state of meditation, left Moheyan open to the charge that he had a dualistic approach to practice.
_	Eliot was aware of the complaints that had been levelled against Kipling and he dismissed them one by one: that Kipling is 'a Tory' using his verse to transmit right wing political views, or 'a journalist' pandering to popular taste; while Eliot writes "I cannot find any justification for the charge that he held a doctrine of race superiority."
_	He actively opposed both the Arianism and the Apollinarianism of his day (Arius taught that Jesus Christ was not fully divine, Apollinaris of Laodicea spoke of the Incarnation in ways that left him open to the charge that Christ was not fully human).
_	The leader of the charge that season was Carlos Pavón, an 18 year old striker who was attracting all sorts of international attention.
_	In September 1922, in a second public announcement, the Communist Party of Fiume condemned publicly the “Primo Partito comunista di Fiume” led by Albino Stalzer, with the charge that the party was close to the “bourgeois autonomist party” (solidale col partito autonomo (borghese) di Zanella) and for his solidarity with Zanella in Portorè.
_	Governor Miguel de la Torre ordered her arrest on the charge that she planned to overthrow the Spanish Government in Puerto Rico.
_	Although the South Ossetian authorities reported that the Georgian helicopter had entered their air space and fired shots at the ground, the Georgians denied the charge that shots had come from the helicopter.
_	This work later became "exhibit A" for the charge that Clark was a communist, a communist sympathiser or, at best, hopelessly naive about communism.
_	Conservative critics contend that revelations such as the Venona project decryptions and the FBI Silvermaster File at least mute if not outright refute the charge that red-baiting in general was unjustified.
_	At the Battle of Austerlitz in 1805 he led his division, alongside Gen. St. Hilaire's, as part of Marshal Soult's IV Corps in the charge that captured the Pratzen Heights.
_	Now, (a year later) however, their leaders speak on invitation almost anywhere radicals gather, and many whites wear ""Honkeys for Huey"" buttons, supporting the fight to free Newton, who has been in jail since last Oct. 28 (1967) on the charge that he killed a policeman ...
_	It was later discovered that the charge that accused them of being responsible of these actions, was a jurisdictional stunt.
_	the Israeli Army had carried out only a ‘partial expulsion’ of the populations of the Arab towns of Lydda and Ramlah and dismissed the charge that the troops had massacred Lydda townspeople, some of them inside a mosque, on July 12, 1948”, whereas IDF records from the IDF archive show that a full-scale expulsion had been carried out and that Yiftah Brigade troops killed some 250 townspeople.
_	This gives Cornell realists a simple response to the charge that you cannot have naturalism without naturalistic fallacy: namely, that metaphysical reduction doesn't imply semantic reduction.
_	Wambui disputed the charge that Waiyaki collaborated with the British colonists, by preferring Kikuyu oral traditions to historians’ versions that she labelled as Eurocentric, even where the historians are Kenyan, and claimed the family of Waiyaki wa Hinga were the natural leaders of Kenya because of his actions.
_	By Wednesday, May 16, 2007, "The New York Times", reported that "after six weeks of fighting efforts to oust him as president ... Wolfowitz began today to negotiate the terms of his possible resignation, in return for the bank dropping or softening the charge that he had engaged in misconduct ..."
_	It was launched with the charge that the seminaries and denominational agencies were dominated by liberals.
_	This, and the charge that they had conspired to overthrow the government outside Malawi, should have meant that the traditional courts had no jurisdiction.
_	In 1953, living in semi-retirement, Tio Bek was imprisoned under the administration of President Magsaysay and held incommunicado for six months, on the charge that he was one of the leaders of the Communist Party.
_	His note to the latter included the charge that Locke "endeavoured to embroil me with woemen".
_	He rejected the charge that selfishness and pride had made him rebel against suffering:
_	Issuing a strong response, the chief executive rejected the charge that the Environment Agency has massively failed, as alleged in the commons public accounts committee, noting that in the last seven years, defences had been created to protect 100,000 homes in floodplains, numbers receiving flood warning had dramatically increased and greatly improved flood mapping and forecasting had been implemented.
_	The letter and the report offer not one instance of an action, a decision or a public position that Huma has taken while at the State Department that would lend credence to the charge that she is promoting anti-American activities within our government...
_	Ordered by Stalin to create a suitably grandiose plot for Yagoda's show trial, Yezhov ordered the NKVD to sprinkle mercury on the curtains of his office so that the physical evidence could be collected and used to support the charge that Yagoda was a German spy, sent to assassinate Yezhov and Stalin with poison and restore capitalism.
_	In an interview a few months afterwards, Steve Jones echoed the charge that Matlock had been sacked because he "liked The Beatles".
_	A massive scandal broke when Quisling and Prytz were accused of using diplomatic channels to smuggle millions of roubles onto the black markets, a much-repeated claim that was later used to support a charge of "moral bankruptcy," but neither it nor the charge that Quisling spied for the British has ever been substantiated.
_	Hitler's Pope is a book published in 1999 by the British journalist and author John Cornwell that examines the actions of Eugenio Pacelli, who became Pope Pius XII, before and during the Nazi era, and explores the charge that he assisted in the legitimization of Adolf Hitler's Nazi regime in Germany, through the pursuit of a Reichskonkordat in 1933.
_	Creationists who take a literalist approach have laid the charge that Christians who interpret Genesis symbolically or allegorically are assigning science an authority over that of Scripture.
_	On 29 December 2005, Turkish state prosecutors dropped the charge that Pamuk insulted Turkey's armed forces, although the charge of "insulting Turkishness" remained.
_	During the next four weeks he accompanied the king), and at the battle of Naseby he took part in the charge that pierced through the enemy's force.
_	In the book "Hubris: The Inside Story of Spin, Scandal, and the Selling of the Iraq War" by Michael Isikoff and David Corn, as Corn observes (before its release on September 8, 2006), they consider the issue of "whether Valerie Wilson had sent her husband to Niger to check out an intelligence report that Iraq had sought uranium there", presenting "new information undermining the charge that she arranged this trip.
_	The articles against Whittingham are printed from the domestic state papers in the 'Camden Miscellany'; the charge that 'he is defamed of adulterie' is entered as 'partly proved' and that of drunkenness as 'proved;' but the real allegation against Whittingham was the alleged inadequacy and invalidity of his ordination and service in Geneva, matters that had been unproblematic previously but conveniently became important.
_	According to Herzfeld, who "reports being happily married to an Orthodox woman," the photo was used in court to back up the charge that he had sexually harassed two Dominican SkyMax employees.
_	He responded with "Explanations of the Disputation Concerning the Value of Indulgences", in which he attempted to clear himself of the charge that he was attacking the pope.
_	Shaw on the charge that Shaw and a group of activists, including David Ferrie and Guy Banister, were involved in a conspiracy with elements of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in the John F. Kennedy assassination.
_	Despite the victim Eszter Solymosi having probably been a victim of a sexual aggression (pedophilia), they spread the charge that the Jews killed the girl in order to use her blood at the approaching Passover (April 4).
_	He was found not liable on the charge that he had deliberately made an untrue or misleading statement.
_	The Record Office also recorded that among his papers were notes which brought him under suspicion of the charge that Catholics were bound, in the right opportunity, to rise against the Queen.
_	Gen. Harry T. Hays led the charge that captured the fort and a Union battery.
_	This, and the charge that they had conspired to overthrow the government outside Malawi, should have meant that the Traditional courts had no jurisdiction.
_	They broadly agree that Lee had a group of escaped slaves recaptured, and that after recapturing them he hired them out off of the Arlington plantation as a punishment; but they disagree over the likelihood that Lee flogged them, and over the charge that he personally whipped Mary Norris.
_	Also in the indictment was the charge that Tarnopol owed at least $1 million in royalties to Wilson.
_	Western politicians often level the charge that the Tibetan languages are at risk of extinction in Tibet.
_	In it, Warren replies to the charge that asking the rich to pay more taxes is "class warfare", pointing out that no one grew rich in the U.S. without depending on infrastructure paid for by the rest of society, stating:
_	The higher the charge that accumulates in each bucket, the higher the electrical potential on the rings and the more effective this process of electrostatic induction is.
_	Contrary to the charge that would be made after "Connotations"' premiere that Copland wrote a twelve-tone work to impress younger composers, he had actually begun using the method at a time when few other American composers were doing so.
_	This, and the charge that they had conspired to overthrow the government outside Malawi, should have meant that the Traditional courts had no jurisdiction.
_	Irabot was detained as a security prisoner in the Silchar District jail with effect from 15 September 1944 on the charge that he was a communist.
_	The net effect is that all the charge that was previously on "C" is now on the outside of the container.
_	This oft-cited quote became a shorthand for the charge that Bush failed to contemplate or articulate important policy positions in a compelling and coherent manner.
_	While visiting Girona, in Catalonia, circulars were distributed among the crowd bearing Rizal's last verses, his portrait, and the charge that Polavieja was responsible for the loss of the Philippines to the United States.
_	After explicating the details of his interest-based rights approach, Cochrane defends it against the charge that it would result in an unworkably large number of rights, and that rights approaches are too rationalistic.
_	After Sullivan was knighted in 1883, serious music critics renewed the charge that the composer was squandering his talent.
_	Ottoman government issued a warrant for the arrest of Mustafa Kemal, on the charge that he was disobeying the Sultan's order for dissolving the remaining Ottoman forces in Anatolia, later condemning him to death.
_	Around 1930, "another job that I was given in connection with the charge that in the Government that men were taking positions in the Government who had private investments," connected (unclearly recounted later by Lowenthal) to his Harvard Law School friend, U.S. Solicitor General Charles Hughes, Jr. (1929–1930), son of 11th Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes, Sr. In 1933–1934, he consulted to the U.S. Senate Banking and Currency Committee.
_	Criticism arose based on the charge that the Vatican headed by Pope Pius XI and Pope Pius XII had remained circumspect about the national-scale race hatred before 1937 (Mit brennender Sorge).
_	Some laws allow the accused a defense to the charge that the item in question was going to be used for a specific set of lawful purposes, such as one's occupation (examples are sets of knives carried by a line cook en route to his job, or tools carried by a construction worker or craftsman).
_	The War Commission, however, rejected the charge that 200,000 Bengali girls were raped by the Pakistan Army, remarking, “It is clear that the figures mentioned by the Dacca authorities are altogether fantastic and fanciful," and cited the evidence of a British abortion team that had carried out the termination of "only a hundred or more pregnancies".
_	Cutler is coaxed out of retirement to take the case for the defence of a robot, Adam Link, against the charge that it willfully murdered its creator Dr. Charles Link.
_	James shows remarkable ability to create a broad cross-section of American society, which helps refute the charge that he could only handle small, closed-off bits of life.
_	In December 2008, he dismissed the charge that Hamas had "violated the cease-fire and pulled out of it unilaterally," insisting that Hamas had "not carried out an unprovoked attack throughout the period of the cease-fire," while Israel had forced Gazans "to live like animals" and "killed 546 Palestinians, among them 76 children."
_	The Reagan administration criticized the elections as a "sham" based on the charge that Arturo Cruz, the candidate nominated by the Coordinadora Democrática Nicaragüense, comprising three right wing political parties, did not participate in the elections.
_	Grimaud and his lawyer rejected the charge that Grimaud’s behavior constituted a public offense against the United States because when Congress voted in support of the relevant forest legislation and accompanying ordinances, it was acting unconstitutionally; these “rules and regulations,” they declared, were “an attempt by Congress to delegate its legislative power to an administrative officer.”
_	Anticipating the charge that Jenkins might have been blackmailed, Johnson immediately ordered an FBI investigation.
_	The Arts Council (successor to CEMA) was sensitive to the charge that since 1945, far fewer opera performances had been given in the provinces.
_	Answering the charge that Catholics were widely supporting the abolitionist movement, Bishop England noted that Gregory XVI was condemning only the slave trade and not slavery itself, especially as it existed in the United States.
_	Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, also rejected the allegations, saying: "The letter and the report offer not one instance of an action, a decision or a public position that Huma has taken while at the State Department that would lend credence to the charge that she is promoting anti-American activities within our government.
_	The first accusation lobbied against Paneb is the charge that he gave Preemhab five of Neferhotep's servants, with the implication that this gift is what secured the position for Paneb, not any legitimate claim to be chief workman.
_	On 23 October, under the orders of Mao, Wang was expelled from the Communist Party on the charge that he was one of the "Five Member Anti-Party Gang" of Trotskyites (托派份子) who were alleged to have sought to take over the Chinese Communist Party, and that he was disrupting party unity.
_	The Israeli historian Danny Orbach in his 2010 book "Valkyrie: Hahitnagdut Hagermanit Lehitler" ("Valkyrie: Germans Against Hitler") defended Goerdeler against the charge that he was an anti-Semite by noting Goerdeler's strong support for Zionism and his work with Chaim Weizmann in encouraging German Jews to move to the British Mandate for Palestine.
_	The landmark document overturned a long tradition of hostility toward Jews and Judaism, including the charge that the Jews were responsible for the death of Jesus; affirmed the Jewish roots of Christianity; established a new policy of outreach in dialogue to Jews; and set out a new course for Catholic-Jewish relations]].
_	It was made clear to the court that the government's inability to confirm was for two reasons: firstly, to protect itself from the charge that it created the reserve to prevent the islanders from ever returning home and, secondly, out of a purported fear that the US government might get angry if the cables were acknowledged as genuine.
_	The high-profile failure of Oceans got Khabouth a bit of a tarnished reputation on the Toronto entertainment scene that followed him in various forms throughout subsequent decades as far as his involvement with dining is concerned — the charge that food is secondary in his restaurants.
_	When Carol felt he had enough control of the situation, he ordered a brutal suppression of the Iron Guard and had Codreanu arrested on the charge that he had slandered Iorga, based on a letter Codreanu sent to the latter on March 26, 1938, in which he had attacked Iorga for collaborating with Carol, calling him "morally dishonest".
_	Jodl nevertheless proved that some of the charges made against him were untrue, such as the charge that he had helped Hitler gain control of Germany in 1933.
_	The one-way current passing characteristic of the transistor prevents the charge that is being applied to each pixel from being drained between refreshes to a display's image.
_	It asked three priests to leave the valley on the charge that they were "luring Muslims to Christianity".
_	In this letter, and especially in the postscript to the second edition, Newman answered the charge that he was not at ease within the Catholic Church.
_	The Thomas More Law Center along with national radio host Michael Savage defended Chessani against the charge that he failed to investigate the killings.
_	A 1984 parliamentary inquiry indicated that irregularities at SISMI included the charge that Musumeci used the Camorra to negotiate the release of Ciro Cirillo, a Christian-democratic politician who was kidnapped by the Red Brigades.
_	The interview revealed aspects of Rennie's progressive Christian theology, as he rejected the charge that the General Assembly's decision a represented a move to remain aligned with societal social mores:
_	When Wesley's Calvinist opponents made the charge that Wesley had endorsed "works righteousness", Fletcher demonstrated that this was not the case.
_	Adam Michnik wrote for the "New York Times" that "almost all Poles react very sharply when confronted with the charge that Poles get their anti-Semitism 'with their mothers' milk'."
_	Accused of having written a $421 bad check to a local lumber company, he was indicted by a grand jury and arrested on the charge that was later proven to be false.
_	Turkey and France were heavily chastised, while a qualified defence of George W. Bush is mounted, in one essay against the charge that the US President merits the appellative "cowboy" and in another that he rushed his nation into war.
_	Assistant Manager of the Cunard Line, Herman Winter, denied the charge that she carried munitions:
_	News reports contradict the charge that Abu Rahhal was targeted.
_	A well-known example is the charge that Apple designed its iPod to fail after 18 months.
_	The problem that dogged medieval Icelandic historiography was an understandable desire to avoid the charge that the country had been founded by a group of unruly Scottish Vikings.
_	Ruse defends Sigmund Freud against the charge that his theories are untestable, finding the philosopher Adolf Grünbaum's arguments, made in "The Foundations of Psychoanalysis" (1984), against the philosopher Karl Popper's view that psychoanalytic theories are pseudo-scientific because they can never be falsified to be decisive.
_	About the charge that if only Gladstone had listened to Gordon the disaster would have been avoided, Cromer wrote that in the course of one month, he received five telegrams from Gordon offering his advice, each one of which completely contradicted the previous telegram, leading Cromer to charge that Gordon was too mercurial a figure to hold command.
_	There, he ordered and led the charge that broke the Confederate left and captured an artillery battery.
_	Jabarin has been detained on at least two previous occasions following convictions in Israeli courts on the charge that he has engaged in activity on behalf of the PFLP, once for nine months in 1985 and once in 1994.
_	In his book "Between Red and White", Leon Trotsky makes sarcastic reference to the charge that the Soviets held Petrograd and Moscow "by the aid of 'Lettish, Chinese, German and Bashkir regiments'".
_	In "Wire", Peter Shapiro compared the band to Britpop bands Oasis and Blur, and defended their music against the charge that it is "nothing but the sum total of its arcane reference points."
_	Maajid Nawaz has answered the charge that Quilliam ignores the impact of the UK's foreign policy, noting that experts have identified no single overarching cause of radicalisation but instead the causes are many: grievances, identity crises, charismatic recruiters and ideological narratives.
_	I cannot acquit myself of the charge that I am, in part, responsible for the destruction of my own parents and of my two young sons.
_	He concluded that there is some truth to the charge that Kaufmann, in trying to reverse the "legend" surrounding Nietzsche, went too far in the opposite direction, over-emphasizing the more acceptable aspects of Nietzsche and minimizing the problematic or disturbing aspects, but that this does not detract from Kaufmann's accomplishment.
_	Probably the only writer before Dryden to speak of the new style of poetry was Drummond of Hawthornden, who in an undated letter from the 1630s made the charge that "some men of late, transformers of everything, consulted upon her reformation, and endeavoured to abstract her to metaphysical ideas and scholastical quiddities, denuding her of her own habits, and those ornaments with which she hath amused the world some thousand years".
_	The story-tellers shaped their stories to meet the charge that Buddhism undermined filial piety because it took believers away from their families and prevented them from attending to their ancestors.
_	In order to maximise the charge that a capacitor can hold, the dielectric material needs to have as high a permittivity as possible, while also having as high a breakdown voltage as possible.
_	Such was the impact of the charge that the Ghassanids were routed off the field with such ease as to later inspire accusations of treachery.
_	In answering the charge that segregation perpetuated race prejudice, the Massachusetts court famously stated: "This prejudice, if it exists, is not created by law, and probably cannot be changed by law."
_	So there is no substance to the charge that MT had read it before he wrote his novel," says Verma.
_	The case was strong: in particular the charge that Dillon had wrongfully condemned William's uncle Nicholas Nugent, his predecessor as Chief Justice, to death for treason.
_	François Jullien's reply to the charge that he portrays China as "an alterity" appears in "Chemin faisant, Connaître la Chine, relancer la philosophie".
_	According to historian Henry Eaton, its stance was "politically cooperative" toward Romanian parties, seeking to "deflect the charge that Jews in Romania represented a separate and alien nation".
_	Soon, however, dissatisfaction with his style, envy, and the charge that he had misappropriated public moneys, caused him to be dismissed from his post, and he was driven him to Naples.
_	In 2015, Silberman wrote an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal, writing that the charge that "President Bush deceived the American people about the threat from Saddam" reminded him of "a similarly baseless accusation that helped the Nazis come to power in Germany".
_	The official justification for the rerouting was that the trains would serve more remote communities, but the concentration of ridings held by the Progressive Conservatives along the CN route attracted the charge that the move was chiefly political.
_	Worse still, a reply to Junius by his friend Sir William Draper, intended in his defence, essentially validated the charge that the hard-drinking and personable Granby was easily imposed upon by less scrupulous acquaintances.
_	It investigated the charge that certain "organized criminals" were able to infiltrate Scotland Yard by bribery.
_	Ten of the jurors signed a statement protesting the charge that they had been unduly influenced.
_	Right up until his death in 1969, Papen gave speeches and wrote articles in the newspapers defending himself against the charge that he had played a crucial role in having Hitler appointed Chancellor and that he had served a criminal regime, which led to vitriolic exchanges with West German historians, journalists and political scientists.
_	Most of the criticism has centered on the charge that Backpage is used to market minors (i.e. underage sex trafficking), and that they contribute to a surge of prostitution in areas that they operate.
_	On February 3, 1825, Richard K. Call, Delegate from Florida introduced a resolution calling for the Judiciary Committee to investigate Judge Joseph L. Smith of the Florida Territory's Supreme Court on the charge that he took bribes and kickbacks.
_	Several critics have made the charge that "Poltava" is an apology for Russian Imperialism.
_	The newspapers have given due and proper credit to the Americans for this daring raid, but the world has not been informed that it was the colored soldiers of America, under Captain J. Wormley Jones, a former Washington, D. C.. policeman, who made the charge that was as daring, and more successful, than the Tennyson-embalmed charge of 'The Light Brigade'."
_	More precisely, the central charge is the charge that corresponds, by Noether's theorem, to the center of the central extension of the symmetry group.
_	He dismissed the charge that Kipling believed in racial superiority.
_	On 11 June 2007, the Ethiopian Supreme Court dropped the charge that he had pressured the bank to give his brother loans, while convicting him on the charge that he helped his brother Mihretab get discounts on seven of the 15 trucks.
_	Xenophon defends Socrates against the charge that he led the youth of Athens to despise democracy as a regime, and defends Socrates' association with Critias, the worst of the Thirty Tyrants who briefly ruled Athens in 404-403, and Alcibiades, the brilliant renegade democratic politician and general.
_	The apparent charge (q) of a PD event is the charge that, if injected between the terminals of the device under test, would change the voltage across the terminals by an amount equivalent to the PD event.
_	He criticized Havel for having supported NATO's war against the former Yugoslavia, repeating the charge that Havel had called the event a "humanitarian bombing", even though Havel had expressly and emphatically denied ever having used such a phrase.
_	In October 2003 Evan Thomas and Michael Isikoff reported in "Newsweek" that "The White House spokesman dismissed as 'ridiculous' the charge that Rove outed Plame."
_	In his response, also published in the "Times", Dickerson did not deny the abysmal performance of his engine adaptation, confining his comments instead to a denial of the charge that he had lied in his previous letter.
_	At the peasant camp, Mikula is brought forward on the charge that he confiscated property from a peasant.
_	The Editorial Guild of India rejected the charge that graphic news coverage aggravated the situation, saying that the coverage exposed the horrors of the riots and the "supine if not complicit" attitude of the state, helping propel remedial action.
_	In an interview with ABC News, George Stephanopoulos asked Trump about the content of the speech, asking him to respond to the charge that he had not made sacrifices.
_	Most significantly, it was ruled that no related evidence supported the charge that they had bribed smaller parties to expose the involvement of high-profile Thai Rak Thai party members in election fraud in April 2006.
_	At the foundation of most criticism of the Discovery Institute is the charge that the Institute and its Center for Science and Culture intentionally misrepresent or omit many important facts in promoting their agenda.
_	In 2018, he launched "SLĀV" at the Montreal Jazz Festival; Betty Bonifassi's creation was so controversial that it was cancelled due to public protest - with the charge that white people singing the songs of black 19th Century slaves consitituted an unacceptable cultural appropriation
_	Farooq answers the charge that interest leads to sloth by stating that matching the savings of savers/depositors with the capital needs of borrowers is a economically useful and competitive function, and that in the present day many savers are retired elderly of modest means for whom it would be foolish to take risks with their life savings, and who pay for this caution with smaller returns.
_	Torquemada, the inquisitor-general, in the course of the Marrano persecutions, brought against Pedro the charge that his father had died a Marrano.
_	In October 1984, Dharsono was arrested on the charge that he was involved with a terrorist attack on a Bank Central Asia branch.
_	Babinski also makes the charge that the disparate elements in the poem are not well-integrated, suggesting the poem is "not a continuous narrative…
_	In 1974 the staff of the Senate Watergate committee disclosed additional information to support the charge that Charles Rebozo gave or lent part of a $100,000 campaign contribution to President Nixon's personal secretary, Rose Mary Woods, and to Nixon's brothers, Donald and Edward Nixon.
_	Of the six charges brought by District Attorney George Gascón, five were overruled and not sustained, including the charge that Mirkarimi dissuaded witnesses and that he abused the power of his office.
_	The statement in the first part of the charge that the jury should follow the tracks of the surveyor so far as they could be discovered, and when these were not to be found, they should follow the course and distance which he gives, so far as not in conflict with tracks that are found, was correct.
_	Phayer agrees that Stepinac's was a "show trial", but states "the charge that he [Pius XII] supported the Ustaša regime was, of course, true, as everyone knew", and that "if Stepinac had responded to the charges against him, his defense would have inevitably unraveled, exposing the Vatican's support of the genocidal Pavelić."
_	Likewise Strauss's daughter, Jenny Strauss Clay, in a "New York Times" article defended Strauss against the charge that he was the "mastermind behind the neoconservative ideologues who control United States foreign policy."
_	In May 1974, amid the Senate voting to approve a bill increasing public access to Government information and documents, Stennis opposed an amendment by Maine Senator Edmund Muskie that would have deleted guidelines for federal judges to abide by in studying government claims into the charge that national security was threatened by the disclosure of classified information on the grounds that they were "flirting here with things that can be deadly and dangerous to our national welfare."
_	Kezarovski was arrested in May 2013 on the charge that he revealed the identity of a protected witness.
_	Writing in the January/February 2006 issue of "Foreign Affairs", Kuhn responded to the charge that "Jiang chose Kuhn:"
_	Kim was sued in February 2013 under the charge that he had embezzled 2 billion for personal use and summoned by police for ongoing investigation.
_	One notable aspect of the 1990 election was the charge that Rove had asked the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to investigate major Democratic officeholders in Texas.
_	I think my colleagues in theology and exegesis are open to the charge that they have become mandarins, who speak only to other mandarins about topics which are of interest only to mandarins in a style of discourse which is gibberish to any except mandarins, and one sometimes wonders about them too.
_	The monstrous charge above the line of partition – also found in the "Verbandsgemeinde" arms – is a reference to the village’s former allegiance to the Waldgraves and Rhinegraves and to its former inclusion in that noble house’s high court region, for it is the charge that appeared in the court seal.
_	Riefenstahl also repeatedly defended herself against the charge that she was a Nazi propagandist, saying that "Triumph of the Will" focuses on images over ideas, and should therefore be viewed as a "Gesamtkunstwerk" (holistic work of art).
_	There appears to be no truth in the charge that Louis XVI caused the defeat and destruction of the Guards by ordering them to lay down their arms when they could still have held the Tuileries.
_	In response to the charge that utilitarianism is a doctrine fit only for swine, Mill abandons Bentham's view that pleasures differ only in quantity, not quality.
_	However, in 1909, Welle was summoned to Addis Ababa by Menelek II to respond to the charge that he had mistreated Zewditu.
_	Miguel de la Torre ordered her arrest on the charge that she planned to overthrow the Spanish Government in Puerto Rico.
_	His interrogators subjected him to verbal abuse and urged him to confess to the charge that he was a recruiter for Hitler Youth.
_	In 1946 the union applied for affiliation with its rival but was rebuffed on the charge that they were communist-controlled, and was eventually deregistered in 1950 after merging as a distinct branch of the Waterside Workers' Federation of Australia.
_	In 2008, the US Department of the Treasury asked for Rangel Silva's US accounts to be frozen on the charge that he had helped the FARC in narcotraffic activities.
_	Confronted with the charge that entire groups of right-wing political assassins were at large and working in and around Munich, he is reported to have said: "Yes ... but too few of them."
_	However, she dismissed the charge that Ricœur had plagiarized Lacan's ideas, writing that he could not have done so given his failure to understand them.
_	Manning to this day disputes the charge that he said this.
_	In July 1932, "The Broken Wing" was banned in Mexico City by the Federal District Government on the charge that the film "... slurred Mexico," and, subsequently, was also banned in Panama.
_	He often cited the Church Fathers in order to defend the reformed cause against the charge that the reformers were creating new theology.
_	In April 1994 Gelli received a 17-year sentence for divulging state secrets and slandering the investigation, while the court threw out the charge that P2 members conspired against the state; Gelli's sentence was reduced, and he was placed under house arrest two years later.
_	On May 19, 2011, the Disciplinary Committee of the competition found Iraklis guilty on the charge that they had committed forgery during the winter transfer window.
_	There was no basis, however, for the charge that Federalists had directed Tallmadge in his antislavery measures, nor was there anything to indicate that a New York-based King-Clinton alliance sought to erect an antislavery party on the ruins of the Republican Party.
_	Dilys Powell of "The Sunday Times" wrote that such productions left her unable to "defend the cinema against the charge that it debases", while the "Tribune" opined that the film was "Depressing and degrading for anyone who loves the cinema".
_	When Puja processions were stopped by the British on the charge that they disturbed the peace, she defied the orders.
_	One indirectly addressed the charge that the film was outdated: "Alain Resnais's dazzling madcap musical ... makes the grim preoccupations of a younger generation appear rather conventional".
_	In the context of an extended discussion on the help the Church is giving AIDS victims and the need to fight the banalization of sexuality, and in response to the charge that "It is madness to forbid a high-risk population to use condoms", Pope Benedict stated:
_	The Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA) headed by President David L. Behncke took up the charge that airlines were pressuring their pilots to fly in unrealistically dangerous conditions.
_	As to the charge that Bearak had misrepresented himself as an accredited journalist, Keller called it a “ludicrous assertion.
_	Other evidence of the group's antisemitic views includes the charge that the group's file cabinets contained extensive pro-Nazi and Ku Klux Klan literature.
_	In the same document, he also wrote that 'virtually every discussion in English on Palestinian education repeats the charge that Palestinian textbooks incite students against Jews and Israel.
_	The HRD ministry, on 7 October 2015, requested the Visitor to send Dinesh Singh on 'forced leave' on the charge that Dinesh Singh tried to derail the process of appointment of his successor.
_	She was arrested on the charge that she was a vagrant and hence not released in 1931 under the Gandhi-Irwin Pact which stipulated release of all political prisoners.
_	In conjunction with three fellow-prisoners he issued on 1 May 1649 the "Agreement of the Free People of England", followed on 14 April by a pamphlet denying the charge that they sought to overthrow property and social order.
_	For his failure to engage "Goeben" with his cruisers, Troubridge was court-martialled in November on the charge that "he did forbear to chase His Imperial German Majesty′s ship "Goeben", being an enemy then flying."
_	For example, the charge that Ujaama was involved in possibly seeking to poison water supplies with links to the Al-Qaeda network.
_	Opponents of the Act, on the other hand, were harsher in their criticism: "National Review Online" editor and conservative commentator Rich Lowry said the videos were emblematic of "the progressive mind, which values complexity over simplicity, favors indirect taxes and impositions on the American public so their costs can be hidden, and has a dim view of the average American", while commentator Charles Krauthammer called the first video "the ultimate vindication of the charge that Obamacare was sold on a pack of lies."
_	Among the negative reviews from broadcast professionals was the charge that the station, broadcasting on the AM band, was still playing Rock 'n Roll music in the early 1990s, long after FM was established as the industry's leading band.
_	That the LTTE assassinated presidents and invented the suicide belt, that the Tigers used civilians as human shields, is no defence from the charge that Sri Lankan soldiers summarily executed prisoners in their custody.
_	On May 14, 1880, Connecticut Democratic Senator William W. Eaton read a memorial to Davis Hatch, who in 1868, had been arrested and subject to the death penalty in Santo Domingo, that led to the charge that Babcock, when he was visiting the island nation in 1869 to secure an annexation treaty, interfered in his release.
_	Further increasing fanning the flames of the criticism was the revelation that Hoggan had received his research funds from and that he himself was a member of several neo-Nazi groups in the United States and West Germany, and the charge that Hoggan had wilfully misinterpreted and falsified historical evidence to fit his argument.
_	According to Lokshin's son the composer was a victim of calumny, and the real source of the charge that Lokshin was an informer were not the former Gulag prisoners, but Stalin’s secret police themselves, which had employed a practice of deceiving its victims by redirecting their suspicions.
_	He came to public notice in 1945 when he challenged the charge that Martin Luther was the spiritual ancestor of Hitler.
_	The two conservative cabinet members considered most culpable for Guerrero's execution, Alamán and Secretary of War José Antonio Facio "spent the rest of their lives defending themselves from the charge that they were responsible for the ultimate betrayal in the history of the first republic, that is, that they had arranged not just for the service of Picaluga's ship but specifically for his capture of Guerrero."
_	In response, Zemskov wrote that the charge that Zemskov allegedly did not compare new data with already known information could not be called fair.
_	In March 1818, Niezer was arrested by Herman Willem Daendels on the charge that he tried to incite the king of Elmina to kill Daendels.
_	Later in the month, Stephen Sedley, a former Court of Appeal judge, wrote in "London Review of Books" dismissing the charge that the Labour Party is "institutionally" or "culturally" antisemitic.
_	Among the royal descendants Schürer discovered is English actor Benedict Cumberbatch, who read a poem at Richard III's reburial on 26 March 2015, and Conrad Penny, whose ancestor William Stanley led the charge that ended with Richard III being hacked to death in 1485.
_	Singh on the charge that he had lost the confidence of his cabinet.
_	He executed this, upon order of Napoleon, with impetuosity; this was the charge that pushed the Russians onto the ice and during which, French sources maintain, 40,000 Russians drowned and another 30,000 were taken prisoner.
_	Tancredo has denied the charge that his remarks were aimed at a specific group.
_	To the charge that the filial association was an impediment to his nomination he protested, later in his speech:
_	Two days before his deportation, the "New York Times" reported that Miraglia, "self-appointed head" of the "Catholic Independent Church of Rome", was detained on Ellis Island "on the charge that he is an undesirable citizen" after being apprehended in Springfield, Massachusetts.
_	He credited Grünbaum with doing "immense damage" to psychoanalysis by convincingly criticizing the method of free association, showing the failure of psychoanalysts to refute the charge that it is contaminated by suggestion, and using detailed textual analysis to criticize "The Interpretation of Dreams" (1899), and with carefully re-evaluating Popper's position on psychoanalysis.
_	This controversy coincides with the fact that del Burgo was personally accused of a war crime, the charge that left him very embittered and which he always denied; it is also disqualified by some historians.
_	Allegations included the charge that polling clerks had misrecorded the votes.
_	Furthermore, he "was incensed when he heard the nature of the charge that had been lodged against him" and professed his innocence.
_	Moreover, the book makes the charge that professor Vladimir Serbsky and other intellectuals were wrong not to cooperate with the police department in preventing revolution and bloodsheds and that the current generation is wrong to oppose the regime.
_	The book was authored in an attempt to answer the charge that the East India Company was responsible for the shortage of silver and, thus, the depression.
_	Section 35 imposes a cap on the charge that can be made for providing milk, school meals and other refreshments to pupils, preventing any charge being higher than the cost of providing such a service, whilst also giving schools the power to charge different prices for the same item.
_	The first is the eclipse of the informal, communitarian transmission of folkways and folk wisdom: 'the charge that when self-help writers are being simplistic and repetitious, they are also being banal and unoriginal, merely offering their readers platitudes...on behalf of the best parts of folk wisdom', may simply be because they are providing a "formal" conduit for the conveyance of such "home truths" in an increasingly unstructured and anomic world.
_	TinKode was placed under arrest by the Romanian authority DIICOT (Anti organised crime and terrorism institution), under the charge that he temporarily blocked the information systems of the US Army, Pentagon and NASA in association with Casi.
_	In response to the charge that he based his judgment on "dog-and-pony shows" in Baghdad, he claimed that his assessment was also informed by years of study of the situation through a large number of knowledgeable sources, including many that were reflected in the Iraq Index (and contributed to its sober message for much of the war).
_	Although Phayer agrees that Stepinac's conviction was the result of a "show trial", Phayer also states that ""the charge that he supported the Ustaša regime was, of course, true, as everyone knew"", and that ""if Stepinac had responded to the charges against him, his defense would have inevitably unraveled, exposing the Vatican's support of the genocidal Pavelić.""
_	They spread the charge that the Jews killed the girl in order to use her blood at the approaching Passover (April 4).
_	That year, he was elected as general secretary of the NUJ, but he was sacked the following year, on the charge that he had defied the union's own policy on the merger of print unions.
_	Cited were an order regulating taxes on mobile telephone carriers that allegedly saved one company around €10 million a year, and the charge that Nica dropped a clause in the Romtelecom privatisation contract in 2003.
_	The Evangelical Connexion saw itself as the true FCE and refuted the charge that it had left the FCE.
_	The voltage regulated devices may require more frequent adjustments of the stimulation intensity as the charge that they deliver changes as the skin/tissue resistance changes.
_	Although the charge that these demonstrations were part of a Communist Chinese inspired insurrection were seen as exaggerated, they found the exaggeration to be necessary to emphasize this point.
_	In December 1999, the U.S. District Court, in the case "Ganulin vs. United States", denied the charge that Christmas Day's federal status violated the Establishment Clause of the Constitution, ruling that "the Christmas holiday has become largely secularized", and that "by giving federal employees a paid vacation day on Christmas, the government is doing no more than recognizing the cultural significance of the holiday".
_	Montoto has rejected the charge that the Montonero counteroffensive of 1979 and 1980 was a massacre.
_	On 16 November 2017, Harris's conviction on the charge that he had indecently assaulted an eight-year-old girl at a community centre in Portsmouth in 1969 was overturned on the grounds that it was unsafe.
_	On 5 February 1815 "The Examiner" reported that the Lord Mayor of London had investigated the charge that Captain Thomas Finney, of "Caroline", had caused the death of a man named Butler John by defenestration during a voyage from Bengal to Europe.
_	Judge Jerome Frank (1889–1957), a leading exponent preferred the phrases 'experimentalists' or 'constructive skeptics', He repudiated the charge that 'the realist school embraced fantastically inconsistent ideas' by pointing out that 'actually no such school existed'.
_	The case was a "graphe xenias" – the charge that Neaera had illegitimately claimed the rights of Athenian citizenship.
_	He expressed concern that O'Sullivan's "call for liberal principles to be applied consistently to animals is vulnerable to the charge that these principles are not meant for animals", meaning that O'Sullivan would have to respond to the external inconsistency first.
_	In a 10 November 2008 cabinet meeting, President Karzai abruptly dismissed Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation Hamidullah Qaderi on the charge that Qaderi had mishandled preparations for 2008 Hajj travel.
_	While visiting Girona, in Catalonia, circulars were distributed among the crowd bearing Rizal's last verses, his portrait, and the charge that Polavieja was responsible for the loss of the Philippines to Spain.
_	This was later addressed by Ebro Darden and Rosenberg on their morning show, responding to remarks that include the charge that Hot 97 is a “CORPlantation,” but Darden, who admits that he agrees with Chuck D on addressing the issues, later pointed out by responding that “I think there’s validity to what he’s saying as to, ‘I guess Hot 97 could be more local,” and added “But people that listen to us when we research the songs don’t vote those songs high enough to stay around.
_	Also in the indictment was the charge that Tarnopol owed at least $1 million in royalties to Jackie Wilson.
_	His hiding-place in Old Bailey was discovered by Sir William Waller (d. 1699) on 13 February, and he was taken before Sir John Chapman, the Lord Mayor of London, who committed him to Newgate on the charge that, "being one of the judges of the court of king's bench, he had endeavoured the subversion of the established government by alloweing of a
_	The final source of controversy was the charge that the bull was not even an original piece of work.
_	Bunau-Varilla had received his ambassadorship through financial assistance to the rebels, he had not lived in Panama for seventeen years, and he never returned, leading to the charge that he was "appointed Minister by cable".
_	The closure trial of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) of Turkey was a court case in 2008 to close the party and ban its 71 leading members from politics for five years, based on the charge that the party violated the principle of separation of religion and state in Turkey.
_	In response to the charge that "rigorous fasting" had hastened his death, Wesley noted that Morgan had left off fasting a year and a half since.
_	Early on, Barbour addresses the charge that writing with tensed verbs disproves his proposal.
_	In the video, Warren rebuts the charge that asking the rich to pay more taxes is "class warfare", pointing out that no one grew rich in America without depending on infrastructure paid for by the rest of society, stating:
_	When Jang Sung-taek was purged in late 2013, the accusations against him included the charge that he had "made no scruple of committing such act of treachery in May last as selling off the land of the Rason economic and trade zone to a foreign country."
_	A number of media reports in the United States suggested that there was some substance to the spying allegations and to the charge that he was tailoring UNSCOM's findings to suit the United States.
_	He uses this analysis to defend Marx's historical materialism against the charge that it crudely posits a base (economic level) and superstructure (culture/politics) "rising upon it" and then attempts to explain all aspects of the superstructure by appealing to features of the (economic) base (the well known architectural metaphor).
_	Also known as Methodism's ""Singing Chaplain,"" from coast to coast he sang "We're building two a day," a song written in response to the charge that the church was dying out, a charge made by a widely known agnostic of the day, Robert G. Ingersoll.
_	A US Defense Department spokesman, told reporters that he did not know if ""we've determined whether that particular incident ... was done with some malicious intent or not"" and China Telecom denied the charge that it "hijacked" U.S. Internet traffic.
_	Responding to the charge that he is "dogmatic", Dawkins writes that scientists "...are humble enough to say we don't know".
_	He accepted the charge that had been entrusted to him without being discouraged by the fear of death, and received the investiture of the patriarchate in the house of a Christian.
_	Weinberger wrote that Reagan said "he could answer to charges of illegality but couldn't answer to the charge that 'big strong President Reagan passed up a chance to free the hostages.
_	Later that year, the staff of the Senate Watergate committee disclosed additional information to support the charge that Charles Rebozo gave or lent part of a $100,000 "campaign contribution" to President Nixon's personal secretary Rose Mary Woods, and to Edward and Donald Nixon.
_	Some criticisms of the Sky Trust include: the charge that the revenue earned by the Sky Trust could be better allocated by subsidizing clean energy prices, as well that the Sky Trust would need to be a global initiative to have an environmental as well as social impact on the planet.
_	However, "Q" stated that the album was impressive, awarding it 4/5 and stating the album "demolishes the charge that his talent has been fatally squandered" although it did state it isn't the "defining statement" of genius his fans insist is round the corner.
_	He presented this as a response to the charge that the ADGB "was not sufficiently national" (""Man wirft uns vor, dass wir nicht national seien"").
_	He was also accused and acquitted of the charge that in early April 1994, he informed "interahamwe" leaders of a plan by UNAMIR force commander Roméo Dallaire to search for a cache of weapons, a cache which never existed.
_	However, the charge that was used weakens the clay and a portion of the tunnel collapses, trapping Tiffin.
_	It provoked a response from Arvin's nephew that criticized its portrayal of Arvin and particularly the charge that Arvin provided names of colleagues to the police in 1960.
_	Despite his attempts to join the military, one biographer would note that "all through his political life, Humphrey was dogged by the charge that he was a draft dodger".
_	For example, against the charge that Gaia was teleological, Lovelock and Andrew Watson offered the Daisyworld Model (and its modifications, above) as evidence against most of these criticisms.
_	To defend Dönitz against the charge that orders to sink merchant vessels were illegal, Kranzbühler brilliantly presented to Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz, commander of the United States Pacific Fleet, an interrogatory in which he extracted various items of information about American naval practice.
_	The first accusation lobbied against Paneb is the charge that he gave Preemhab five of Neferhotep's servants, with the implication that this gift is what secured the position for Paneb, not any legitimate claim to be chief workman.
_	Hobson v. Hansen, 269 F. Supp. 401 (D.D.C. 1967), was a federal court case filed by civil rights activist Julius W. Hobson against Superintendent Carl F. Hansen and the District of Columbia's Board of Education on the charge that the current educational system deprived blacks and the poor of their right to equal educational opportunities relative to their white and affluent counterparts, on account of race and socioeconomic status.
_	Often the device is integrated with an image sensor, such as a photoelectric device to produce the charge that is being read, thus making the CCD a major technology for digital imaging.
_	The Aspen Education Group in 2005 was the target of criticism related to the large revenues its programs generated, and the charge that the provider takes advantage of parents in desperate situations.
_	In an essay printed in "The Sacred Wood", T. S. Eliot attempted to repudiate the charge that Jonson was an arid classicist by analysing the role of imagination in his dialogue.
_	He often cited the Church Fathers in order to defend the reformed cause against the charge that the reformers were creating new theology.
_	Four of the judges, with Silberg dissenting, also upheld the appeal on the charge that Kastner was guilty of collaboration.
_	All five judges dismissed the appeal related to the charge that Kastner had helped Kurt Becher escape punishment after the war by writing him a letter of recommendation.
_	Singh son of the erstwhile Maharajah Hari Singh on the charge that he had lost the confidence of his cabinet
_	It "was intended to be a reply to the charge that the Vedanta system had no room for ethics."
_	Ironically, the charge that the Lunatarium violated New York City's controversial Cabaret Laws were dropped because the event in question was publicized as an ambient music event.
_	"A Summary View" ends with a defense of the Principle of Population against the charge that it "mpeaches the goodness of the Deity, and is inconsistent with the letter and spirit of the scriptures".
_	Centering on the mistakes or mean things the musician did, Goldman made many controversial allegations, among them the charge that he may have had something to do with the death of his friend Stuart Sutcliffe, an early member of The Beatles.
_	Galloway claimed that the subcommittee's dossier was full of distortions and rudimentary mistakes, citing, for example, the charge that he had met with Saddam Hussein "many times" when the number was two.
_	Meanwhile, Pontianus himself married the daughter of one Herennius Rufinus; he, indignant that Pudentilla's wealth should pass out of the family, instigated his son-in-law, together with a younger brother, Sicinius Pudens, a mere boy, and their paternal uncle, Sicinius Aemilianus, to join him in impeaching Apuleius upon the charge that he had gained the affections of Pudentilla by charms and magic spells.
_	For Ryerson, an understanding of social relations was paramount if one was to garner an understanding of history; his encounter with Innis's materialism led Ryerson to the charge that equated Marxism and economic determinism.
_	Wilpon and Katz "categorically reject[ed]" the charge that they "ignored warning signs" about Madoff's fraud.
_	On reading the "Haaretz" report, Jaja's wife, Razan Zuayter, wrote a letter to the Jordanian newspaper "Alghad", in which she denied the charge that her husband had any affiliation with Hezbollah.
_	Hence the charge that post-politics, with consensus as its defining logic, forecloses the properly political.
_	The Israeli historian Danny Orbach in his 2010 book Valkyrie: Hahitnagdut Hagermanit Lehitler defended the German resistance fighters, particularly Goerdeler, against the charge that they were anti-Semitic by noting Goerdeler's strong support for Zionism, the importance of the Holocaust in the motives of the National-Conservative resistance, as well as attempts of other German resistance fighters to save persecuted Jews.
_	Irenaeus the friend of Nestorius, with the cooperation of Theodoret, became bishop of Tyre, in spite of the protests of Dioscorus, Cyril's successor, who now turned specially against Theodoret; and, by preferring the charge that he taught two sons in Christ, he secured the order from the court confining Theodoret to Cyrrhus.
_	In November 1640, Erle was returned as MP for Weymouth and Melcombe Regis for the Long Parliament, and was appointed one of the managers of the prosecution in the impeachment of Strafford, but entrusted with proving the charge that Strafford had plotted to bring over the Irish army to suppress unrest in England he bungled his case so that the hearing was at first adjourned on the grounds that the "evidence was not ready" and then the article was in effect dropped altogether.
_	Nebraska denied the charge that it had acquired the drugs by "fraud, deceit or misrepresentation."
_	The ICFI argues that the defense of the SWP leadership, and the charge that the ICFI's campaign was a 'frame up,' are slanders against Workers' League without factual backing.
_	One Indian report suggested that the charge that this sum had been paid to Lega Nord was “what is really novel about Borgogni's information.”
_	However, he is ultimately convicted primarily on the charge that he had sex with a Christian woman.
_	Others valued it for the large number of cameo appearances from past episodes, as well as the perceived in-joke of the four characters being convicted and imprisoned on the charge that they did nothing, a play on the "show about nothing" mantra.
_	They were put on trial in Tolbooth at Edinburgh, on the charge that their letters denied the authority of James VI of Scotland and his representatives.
_	In his papers, Shaver corroborated the second Union topographer's account, including the charge that Meigs fired first.
_	This wording avoided the charge that the monarchy was claiming divinity or usurping Christ, whom the Bible explicitly identifies as Head of the Church.
_	The granting of the charter included the charge that the town "at all perpetual future times ... be and remain a town and borough of Peace and Quiet, to the example and terror of the wicked and reward of the good".
_	In 1961, he was imprisoned for a few months on the charge that he was a member of the Uturuncos, guerrillas active in northwest Argentina during 1960 and 1961.
_	The two conservative cabinet members considered most culpable for Guerrero's execution, Lucas Alamán and Secretary of War José Antonio Facio, "spent the rest of their lives defending themselves from the charge that they were responsible for the ultimate betrayal in the history of the first republic, that is, that they had arranged not just for the service of Picaluga's ship but specifically for his capture of Guerrero."
_	In 1914, aged 54, Leo faced prosecution against the charge that he "did unlawfully pretend to tell fortunes" through astrology.
_	An apocryphal tale relates that in 1908, Jim Garside, the landlord of the Adelphi Inn, Leeds, England was called before the local magistrates to answer the charge that he had allowed betting on a game of chance, darts, on his premises.
_	That is partly because the phrase here translated 'magnificent myth' (p.414b) has been conventionally mistranslated 'noble lie'; and this has been used to support the charge that Plato countenances manipulation by propaganda.
_	The Roman Catholic Bishop of Brooklyn, Thomas Molloy was a prominent supporter and his diocesan newspaper, the "Tablet" once addressed the charge that the Christian Front was anti-Semitic:
_	The formulary controversy was a 17th and 18th century Jansenist refusal to confirm the "Formula of Submission for the Jansenists" on the part of a group of Catholic ecclesiastical personnel and teachers who did not accept the charge that their beliefs about the nature of man and grace were heretical as the Holy See declared.
_	Most recently in his 2011 book "Carl Goerdeler and the Jewish Question, 1933-1942" and in his 2013 book "Carl Goerdeler gegen die Verfolgung der Juden" Hoffmann has defended Goerdeler against the charge that he was an anti-Semite.
_	After being identified to the House Un-American Activities Committee by another screenwriter, Richard Collins, Berkeley at first denied the charge that he belonged to the Communist Party, though in fact he had belonged to the party until 1943.
_	James Longstreet's corps to the West, where he took part in the charge that destroyed the Federal right wing at Chickamauga.
_	By using the legal loophole, Aqua Avia created their business plan of forming a club with annual membership rather than charging passengers fares per flight, thus avoiding the charge that they would be in direct competition with the State-owned airlines (and thus not needing to apply for licenses for their air routes).
_	Seth was put on $25,000 bail and went before U.S. Magistrate Judge O. Edward Schlatter to hear the charge that he did "knowingly harbor and conceal Warren Steed Jeffs".
_	Gay argued that there is less merit than commonly thought to the charge that Jones, motivated by jealousy, was scathing about rivals such as psychoanalyst Sándor Ferenczi, maintaining that while exception has been taken to Jones' suggestion that in his last years Ferenczi was subject to psychotic episodes, it "echoes the opinion that Freud expressed in an unpublished letter to Jones."
_	He was found not liable on the charge that he had deliberately made an untrue or misleading statement.
_	A 1957 U.S. Navy study known as the Crittenden Report dismissed the charge that homosexuals constitute a security risk, but advocated stringent anti-homosexual policies because "Homosexuality is wrong, it is evil, and it is to be branded as such."
_	In 2011, John Mearsheimer defended Atzmon, writing with regard to the charge that Atzmon is antisemitic, "to be perfectly clear, he has no animus toward Judaism as a religion or with individuals who are Jewish by birth.
_	It was characterized by a number of features including lengthy introspective soliloquies by the protagonist, which led to the charge that the poetry was egotistical.
_	To the charge that his technique was "amateurish", he responded by arguing that a composer should express himself in his own terms, not by "string[ing] together a number of tags and clichés culled from the work of others".
_	In 1837 and 1849, several of the members of the Redbone community were indicted for illegal voting on the charge that they were of color rather than white.
_	In a gallant night action against raiders in the Galuthi area, he led the charge that killed six of the enemy while the rest fled, leaving behind large quantities of arms, ammunition and equipment.
_	In his book, Brown makes the charge that foolish rules of engagement effectively sealed the doom of the SEAL team and the other Americans on board Extortion 17.
_	He questioned the success of the theodicy with the charge that it does not remove the blame for evil from God: Augustine presented a theology of predestination; Hick argued that, if God knew the choices that his creation would make, he must be responsible for them.
_	He then responds to the charge that ancient medicine is not a genuine medical art because it has limited accuracy.
_	When Crazy Horse and White Bull mounted the charge that broke through the center of Custer's lines, pandemonium may have broken out among the soldiers of Calhoun's command, though Myles Keogh's men seem to have fought and died where they stood.
_	A few days after his arrival, Rizal was summoned to Malacañan Palace by Governor-General Emilio Terrero, who told him of the charge that "Noli me tangere" contained subversive elements.
_	Five of those were overruled, including the charge that Mirkarimi dissuaded witnesses and that he abused the power of his office.
_	He wrote in praise of him to continental contacts, like Walter of the Mill, now Archbishop of Palermo, defending him against the charge that he had deliberately instigated the murder of Thomas Becket.
_	She was first committed in 2003 under the charge that she was suffering from "litigation mania".
_	Only after the passage of the United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine in late November 1947 did relations sour and the mukhtar and his brother were shot on the charge that they were collaborators.
_	He fought for Central American independence from Spain and led the charge that took the fortress at Omoa, the last Spanish stronghold in Central America.
_	Utilitarian theories, on the other hand, must answer the charge that ends do not justify the means.
_	Marcellus admits to being a Christian; however, he denies the charge that Christians are plotting against the state.
_	The media reacted to the charge that comprehensive schools are "the place where intelligence atrophies".
_	The business school, for its part, explained that the charge that Mr Radler had pleaded guilty to was "very serious" and not congruent with the values of the school and those it teaches.
_	Some critics responded that her apology came at a time when a group of New England Veterans had launched a campaign to disrupt a film project she was working on, leading to the charge that her apology was motivated at least partly by self-interest.
_	Critics of BDS vehemently repudiate the charge that Israel is an apartheid state, asserting, among other things, that in Israel (outside of the West Bank) "Jews and Arabs mix freely and increasingly live in the same neighborhoods...there is no imposed segregation" and that Arabs and Jews interact together in any mall, restaurant, or hospital in Israel.
_	In 1808 the Second Battalion fought in the Peninsular War, helping to subdue Madrid during the Dos de Mayo Uprising and winning distinction at the Siege of Astorga, leading the charge that took the city.
_	The Dies Committee expressed its confidence that "a comparison made in each local area will bear out the charge that the personnel of the Communist Party and the International Workers Order interlock closely."
_	He additionally pointed out issues with the scoring of the second version of Katz’s thesis in that the two referees who gave anomalously low scores had been co-authors of an IDF book in which it was argued that the Israeli Army had carried out only a "partial expulsion" of the populations of the Arab towns of Lydda and Ramlah, while the charge that the troops had massacred Lydda townspeople was dismissed.
_	The Attorney-General Sir John Scott, who would prosecute Hardy and Horne Tooke, "decided to base the indictment on the charge that the societies had been engaged in a conspiracy to levy war against the king, that they intended to subvert the constitution, to depose the King, and put him to death; and for that purpose, and "with Force and Arms", they conspired to excite insurrection and rebellion" (emphasis in original).
_	Years later Thompson defended herself against the charge that because of her years spent in Europe, she was not a "Black" artist.
_	President Roosevelt believed the charge that Walsh was homosexual was true.
_	In an article in "The Hindu" newspaper, Katju has responded to the charge that as Chairman of the Press Council of India, he should not comment on matters not related to the Press.
_	D. R. Thorpe rejects the charge that Macmillan deliberately played false over Suez (i.e. encouraged Eden to attack in order to destroy him as Prime Minister), noting that Macmillan privately put the chances of success at 51–49.
_	In response to the charge that "rigorous fasting" had hastened his death, Wesley noted that Morgan had left off fasting a year and a half since.
_	The speech was given by a certain Euphiletos, defending himself against the charge that he murdered Eratosthenes, after he supposedly caught him committing adultery with his wife.
_	Charles Taylor of "Salon" additionally responded to allegations of the film's anti-Americanism with the charge that it was "anti-human", and said that it was "as total a misanthropic vision as anything control freak Stanley Kubrick ever turned out"—while personally admitting that he felt von Trier was as deliberate a filmmaker as Kubrick.
_	Tatham-Warter lacked confidence in the Airborne radio equipment and had trained his platoons to use bugle calls; it was with the charge that Grayburn signalled that the advance could be resumed.
_	The use of an elixir for transmuting base metals into gold is explained (see philosopher's stone) and a lengthy defense is given defending alchemy against the charge that transmutation of metals was impossible.
_	Adeimantus adds to Glaucon's speech the charge that men are only just for the results that justice brings one fortune, honor, reputation.
_	In particular, the Chinese government response centered on the charge that Falun Gong is an “evil cult”; questioned the motives and independence of the researchers; and noted a captioning error where their report had mislabeled the location of two Chinese cities.
_	It is on this basis that the charge that the person violated the solemnity of his oath is based or assigned, which is termed the assignment of perjury.
_	In the next year the Thebans dismantled the walls of Thespiae on the charge that the Thespians were pro-Athenian, perhaps as a measure to prevent a democratic revolution.
_	The author refutes the charge that the practice of mantra is self-hypnosis.
_	Walker promoted the charge that Albert Einstein "stole" special relativity from his first wife, Mileva Marić.
_	Finally, the FBI's justification for forcing an end to the 51-day standoff was predicated on the charge that Koresh was abusing children inside Mount Carmel Center.
_	"One hears more of selfishness, pride, ill-will than anything else, and the charge that 'Buchmanism' is unduly concerned with sexual matters had better be dismissed as the merest nonsense."
_	Among her signature campaigns was the defence of Salman Rushdie after Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini issued a "fatwā", or religious ruling, 14 February 1989 based on the charge that the book "The Satanic Verses" (1988) was a work of blasphemy.
_	This has raised controversy in Egypt, as many liberals disagreed with the charge that Hanafi was an apostate.
_	Prabhu states that the charge that the Christians constituted a united front cannot be sustained.
_	Goldstone also wrote in "The New York Times", "the charge that Israel is an apartheid state is a false and malicious one that precludes, rather than promotes, peace and harmony."
_	The five judges, Chief Justice Yitzhak Olshan, Shimon Agranat, Moshe Silberg, Shneur Zalman Cheshin, and David Goitein, upheld the appeal on the charge that Kastner was guilty of the indirect murder of Hungarian Jews.
_	He also took a stand against the charge that the Ninth Circuit is overly liberal: "I can say with some confidence that cries that the Ninth Circuit is so liberal are just simply misplaced."
_	Moreover, the book makes the charge that professor Vladimir Serbsky and other intellectuals were wrong not to cooperate with the police department in preventing revolution and bloodsheds and that the current generation is wrong to oppose the regime.
_	Finally, Breckinridge's cousin, California's Edward C. Marshall, charged that Butler would name Breckinridge Attorney General in exchange for his support and revived the charge that Breckinridge broke party ranks, supporting Zachary Taylor for president.
_	The Editors Guild rejected the charge that graphic news coverage aggravated the situation, saying that the coverage exposed the "horrors" of the riots as well as the "supine if not complicit" attitude of the state, helping to propel remedial action.
_	When Tiberius considered Scaurus' case two years later, his enemy the praetorian prefect Naevius Sutorius Macro added the charge that certain verses in a tragedy Scaurus had written could be interpreted to disrespect Tiberius.
_	More controversial was the charge that these issues might have affected the reported outcome of the presidential election, in which the incumbent, Republican President George W. Bush, defeated the Democratic challenger, Senator John Kerry.
_	Recharging restores the charge that was lost and returns the fiber to its original deflected position.
_	Regarding the charge that there is bias in the research, it is argued that women's advantage remains valid if large-brain women and small-brain men are compared, and that this indicates that the graph-theoretical differences are due to sex and not to size differences.
_	On the charge that he had defended the right of the people "to overthrow a prince who does them evil and replace him with a good one", he denied that this was a call for revolution.
_	The accusations led to years of Congressional hearings that did not substantiate the charge that Lattimore had been a spy (and wartime intercepted Venona cables decoded so far did not refer to him as one).
_	Assistant Manager of the Cunard Line, Herman Winter, denied the charge that she carried munitions, but admitted that she was carrying small-arms ammunition, and that she had been carrying such ammunition for years.
_	Wilpon and Katz "categorically reject[ed]" the charge that they "ignored warning signs" about Madoff's fraud.
_	The destruction of his camp and equipment, as well as the illegal disbanding of his army, also supported the charge that he had abused his position and the public resources entrusted to him.
_	Ben Bernanke, then Chairman of the Federal Reserve, wrote that experience and research contradict "the charge that CRA was at the root of, or otherwise contributed in any substantive way to, the current mortgage difficulties."
