_	It was claimed by Felix Dahn that the name of the society came about because of the coincidence that both Geibel and Lingg had recently written poems about crocodiles, but it seems more probable that Lingg's poem "Das Krokodil von Singapur" was the sole inspiration.
_	In support of this is the coincidence that the father and five brothers who will not be convinced even if the parable Lazarus is raised from the dead (Luke 16:31) predict that Caiaphas, Annas, and the five sons of Annas would not believe and plotted to have the real Lazarus killed when he was raised (John 12:10).
_	Howard Hughes was one of the inspirations for the comic book, and the filmmakers acknowledged the coincidence that they would film Iron Man creating the flying Mark III where the Hughes H-4 Hercules was built.
_	He is strict, violent and exceptionally gullible as Jak had once actually convinced him to buy his own desk and nameplate back with him citing the coincidence that there were 'two Robert Briskets in the area'.
_	The "kana practice book" aspect refers to the coincidence that the number of "rōnin" matches the number of "kana", and the play portrayed the "rōnin" as each prominently displaying one kana to identify him.
_	The English titles makes use of the coincidence that Børretzen's Norwegian first name has another meaning in English.
_	After Martin Beck recalled this call; with difficulty the note written by Larsson is found and by a mixture of obstinate investigating and the coincidence that the caller had the uncommon name Andersson is the killer found, just before he can attack a child again.
_	Elam, who recognized the bandit’s Griswold pistol, tells Durant (Colm Meaney) of the coincidence that the payroll arrives the same day the strangers do, as well as two Rebels buying a black man a drink.
_	This controversy, along with the coincidence that two stranglers would have been living in the same property at the same time if Evans and Christie had both been guilty, kept alive the issue that a miscarriage of justice had taken place in Evans's trial.
_	Baker did not have the dehisced fruit, which resembles a larval hydrozoan or jellyfish, so he did not base the generic name on this resemblance; the vernacular name, jellyfish tree, was applied later possibly based on the appearance of the dehisced fruit and the coincidence that the word medusa is also used to describe the free-floating umbrella-shaped form of jellyfish.
_	On January 24, 1996, after the musical's final dress rehearsal before its off-Broadway opening, Larson had his first (and only) newspaper interview with music critic Anthony Tommasini of "The New York Times", attracted by the coincidence that the show was debuting exactly 100 years after Puccini's opera.
_	Čapek also commented on the coincidence that his play appeared at around the same time as George Bernard Shaw's play "Back to Methuselah", which dealt with the similar theme of extended human life span, but with a very different conclusion.
_	They also point out the coincidence that, despite their having been born only two months apart, the first time the name William Shakespeare is known to have been connected with any literary work whatsoever was with the publication of "Venus and Adonis" just a week or two after the apparent death of Marlowe.
_	The leeuwenhosen may have been inspired by the coincidence that the Dutch team's icon is a lion, as is the 2006 FIFA World Cup mascot Goleo VI.
_	Ben Linus appears deeply shocked when told he has a tumor on his spine, and Juliet notes the coincidence that Jack, a spinal surgeon, arrived on the island two days after Ben's condition was diagnosed.
_	The term refers to the coincidence that the symbolic colors of the parties in such a coalition—black for the conservative CDU/CSU, yellow for the liberal FDP, and green for the Green Party—are also the colors of the flag of Jamaica.
_	The location for the show's setting in Pittsburgh was decided based on a determination that the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center (UPMC) was the world's leading transplant center with the coincidence that the dominant topographical feature of the city, the confluence of the Allegheny, Monongahela, and Ohio rivers, would provide an allegory to the show's three points of view.
_	Many historians have noted the coincidence that the last western emperor bore the names of both Romulus, the legendary founder and first king of Rome, and Augustus, the first emperor.
_	Huntley's uncommon forename derives from the coincidence that on the day of her birth, her mother was reading a novel in which a principal character had that name ("A Sparrow Falls" by Wilbur Smith) and also observed an electrical storm outside.
_	Many newspapers noted the coincidence that Kirk and George Gipp had both died before all of the All-American teams had been announced (Gipp had died in December 1920).
_	Shawn Armbrust of the Mid-Atlantic Innocence Project said, "To find Haynesworth guilty, a jury would have to accept the coincidence that there were two guys in the same neighborhood who looked alike and were committing the same crimes."
_	He also notes the coincidence that his first film "Citizen Kane" was originally going to be a fictionalized version of Howard Hughes.
_	The play on words lies in the similarity of the abbreviation for October/Octal and December/Decimal, and the coincidence that both equal the same amount (formula_1).
_	A good deal has been made of the coincidence that Livy's history also contained 142 books in addition to its introduction and other numerological curiosities that turn up in Machiavelli's writings.
_	The "Scottish Daily Record" rated the single four stars out of five, noting the coincidence that Winehouse had only recently died, and saying "it's a classic ska cut.
_	"Tekken" producer Katsuhiro Harada commented it was his idea to include Noctis within the game as he was surprised by "Final Fantasy XV" as well as the coincidence that game from the franchise was released closely with "Tekken 7".
_	Opinions differ over whether the possible connection is due to the coincidence that the song was simply frequently sung amid the nation's karaoke bars where violence is common or to the aggressive lyrics of the song itself.
_	There was subsequently a major controversy and a National Lottery spokesperson was attacked over the manner in which the draw was conducted, i.e. not live, plus the coincidence that one of the new millionaires was from Tralee.
_	He notes that in the work itself, Michelangelo depicts his combatants using rocks against one another, and suggests that the sculptor could not have missed the coincidence that the name of the human fighters—Lapith—reflects the Latin word for stone ("lapis") and the Italian word for stone plaque ("lapide").
_	31 people were injured, although none seriously, but a panic could be averted, mainly thanks to the coincidence that the Red Cross tent was very close to the bridge.
_	Papers noted the coincidence that Traoré had died on 2010's International Women's Day.
_	The same newspaper's Philip Reid remarked upon the coincidence that these events had occurred on the same day as the 2010 FIFA World Cup Final in South Africa, wondered why goal-line technology could not be used and added:
_	Several commentators have pointed to the coincidence that the events which led to Wallace being wrongly convicted of manslaughter took place shortly after Kincora was finally exposed in the "Irish Independent".
_	Crawford's landing of the role was due largely in part to the coincidence that Sarah Brightman had taken lessons with the same vocal coach as Crawford.
_	Many newspapers noted the coincidence that Kirk and George Gipp, former teammates and close friends, had both died even before all of the All-American teams had been announced (Gipp had died in December 1920).
_	Opinions differ over whether the possible connection is due to the coincidence that the song was simply frequently sung amid the nation's karaoke bars where violence is common or to the aggressive lyrics of the song itself.
_	The British historian John Röhl has pointed out the coincidence that the date for completion of the widening of the Kiel Canal was the summer of 1914, but a reading of the report of the conference shows no agreement as to a war in 1914.
_	Finally, the majority claimed that the present case was “totally unlike” another case that had been decided that same day, "County of Allegheny v. Mashuda Co.", “except for the coincidence that both cases involve eminent domain proceedings.”
_	Davis emphasizes the coincidence that many involved with the show had first names that started with the letter "J:" Joan Cooney, Jon Stone, Jim Henson, Jerry Nelson, and Joe Raposo.
_	Others state that the coincidence that both names, of Krishna and Devika, in the same verse cannot be dismissed easily and this Krishna may be the same as one found later, such as in the Bhagavad Gita.
_	The last three words—probably selected by a communications officer at Nimitz's headquarters—may have been meant as a loose quote from Tennyson's poem on "The Charge of the Light Brigade", suggested by the coincidence that this day, 25 October, was the 90th anniversary of the Battle of Balaclava—and was not intended as a commentary on the current crisis off Leyte.
