_	By order of Eduardo Torres-Dulce, the Attorney General of Spain, filed the complaint that led Judgment against Artur Mas, former President of the Generalitat of Catalonia; Joana Ortega, former vice president of the government of the Generalitat de Catalunya and Irene Rigau, former Minister of Education, for 9-N.
_	In chapter 1 Seneca counters the complaint that life is too short with the view that life is long enough if well-managed.
_	On one occasion in November 1857 received the complaint that was passionate about Capitu by the aggregate of his family José Dias that in a conversation with his mother advised him to put it quickly in the seminar in order to fulfill an ancient promise, because already suspected that Bento would be in love with Capitu.
_	He was also responsible for lodging the complaint that resulted in an inquiry into Maria Miller's expense claims.
_	The company announced within a few days of the complaint that they would pull the ad, saying, "We aren't sure that everyone saw the ad that way, but if anyone did, that was not our intent and is cause for concern."
_	Club, close to Oxford Circus … was located over an Aerated Bread Company's shop, and notwithstanding the complaint that the female "employées" [sic] of that company do not participate in the vast profits of the undertaking, the members of the Somerville get meals from the aerated bread shop sent up to the general room above, a bright and very prettily furnished apartment.
_	Among the criticisms of the HDI is the complaint that it is a mixture of stock measures (life expectancy at birth and literacy rate) and a flow measure (GDP per capita for a given year).
_	In the first of Labaya's letters thus far discovered (EA 252), he defends himself to the Pharaoh against complaints of other city rulers about him, for example, the complaint that he has hired mercenaries from among the Habiru.
_	Responding to the complaint that respondents are on the hook for their own defence bills, while complainants have their cases argued by the commission, Fine stated that ""We don't set the rules.
_	(Greek "νυκτουρία"), is defined by the International Continence Society (ICS) as “the complaint that the individual has to wake at night one or more times for voiding ("i.e. to urinate").”
_	The power was smoothed out, and the bike was made easier to ride, putting to rest the complaint that the YZ had too much power.
_	MHRC vice-chairwoman Yvonne Peters subsequently wrote that "the full investigation of the complaint that took place was warranted" and that "the decision was based solely on the insufficiency of the evidence with respect to this particular section of the Human Rights Code."
_	She filed on grounds of desertion, stating in the complaint that he was a bad example to their son.
_	Recently, concern that the language expected of the Israeli media was not sufficiently neutral included the complaint that the phrase "East Jerusalem" were prohibited by the guidelines.
_	Justice Moyer concluded that, although "[t]he contestors indeed made multiple allegations in the complaint that are, at best, highly improbable and potentially defamatory, inflammatory, and devoid of logic" (Paragraph 4), and "[d]espite the apparently scurrilous nature of most of these allegations," (Paragraph 16), sanctions were not appropriate under Ohio law for two reasons.
_	If it appears on the face of the complaint that the condition giving rise to the cruel treatment of an animal requires the animal to be removed from its owner or other person who possesses it, then it shall be proper for the court in the preliminary injunction to allow the plaintiff to take possession of the animal as custodian.
_	But the "Provincial" had a few technical quibbles, among which was the complaint that there was no description of the construction of a stethoscope.
_	The three-year HUD observation led to the complaint that the bank purposely rejected mortgage applications from black and Latino applicants.
_	Most serious was the complaint that care of patients was so neglected that many were "like to starve".
_	Eutyches interrupted with the complaint that he did not trust the legates.
_	Reinwick stated in connection with the complaint that beginning in February 2012, Núñez Carmona had made a range of threats to him, saying, “We know where you live and that you have five children” and “You touch the Vice President and I'll go to your house and Pacheco will put a bullet in your son.
_	Eden's private secretary, Evelyn Shuckburgh, recalled Lady Eden's role in ensuring that the complaint that led to the operation had been diagnosed properly: "When Eden acquired a loving wife, Sir [Horace]
_	Colombia then took their complaint to the OAS which planned to hold a special meeting on to hear the complaint that Venezuela tolerates Colombian rebel camps on its territory.
_	Berghes alleged in the complaint that Cunliffe-Owen' statements, "as to the genuineness of the temporal and ecclesiastical titles" that he used, "have caused him to be rejected" in circles, "although",
_	A Senate committee reported that, "To some extent the complaint that WPA workers do poor work is not without foundation. …
_	This led to the complaint that on slippery surfaces the telephone turned and slid whilst dialling.
_	The level of support for Eugenics research by the Nazis prompted an American Eugenics advocate to seek an expansion of the American program, with the complaint that "the Germans are beating us at our own game".
_	This reiterated his first will, which said it was for kindness shown him during an illness – possibly an earlier bout of the complaint that finally overwhelmed him.
_	She asserted in the complaint that while in Scientology she was "coerced to have an abortion".
_	On September 15, 2008, Palin's attorney Van Flein filed arguments with the Personnel Board arguing that there was "no probable cause" to pursue the complaint that Palin earlier filed against herself.
_	Mrs. Wethersby comes to the station with the complaint that several thefts have been committed in her house, and Kate is allowed to undertake the investigation as her first case.
_	Lalit Bhanot, the secretary general of the Organising Committee, rejected the complaint that sanitation was poor by saying that, due to cultural differences, there are different standards about cleanliness in India and the western world, a statement for which he was widely ridiculed in Indian and international media.
_	Mostly this was from other left-wing writers and intellectuals, who recognized and praised both its stylistic innovation and its political commitment, if sometimes with the complaint that the novel was overly influenced by European modernism.
_	Commenting on Rodin's monument to Victor Hugo, "The Times" in 1909 expressed that "there is some show of reason in the complaint that [Rodin's] conceptions are sometimes unsuited to his medium, and that in such cases they overstrain his vast technical powers".
_	ABP news reported that the woman had mentioned in the complaint that the BJP leader had made promise for a job and had assured to marry her.
_	Eby stated that he did not think when he filed the complaint that Fraser was in a personal conflict because of his son's connection with the Premier, but after the report came out he was reviewing that point.
_	By a 9–4 decision the council "voted to sustain the complaint that the Star Tribune editorial unfairly characterized the scientific reputations of Patrick Michaels and Robert Balling."
_	By a 9–4 decision the council "voted to sustain the complaint that the Star Tribune editorial unfairly characterized the scientific reputations of Patrick Michaels and Robert Balling."
_	The ASAI upheld the complaint that the advertisement "was misleading, as it was unsafe to suggest this weight could be lost in such a short time".
_	According to criminologist Grant Duwe, the complaint that giving prisoners free education effectively treats them better than regular citizens is valid, though the practice should nonetheless be encouraged due to the significant savings for taxpayers as a result of decreases in crime.
_	Bell, himself, made the complaint that "hundreds of colored men are constantly disfranchised from holding office by the Republican party whilst casting a solid vote and giving power to that party.".
_	Aside from the complaint that pushing for mass conversion of non-Muslims to a different religion and culture is intolerant of their beliefs and aggressive, Olivier Roy argues it is simply unrealistic in an era where religious belief is considered a personal matter.
_	At the same time, the complaint that Ralph lodges is a later mirroring of what Pope had decried in "Dunciad"—the satire that had ended his poetic career.
_	On February 2, 2007, the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal ruled that the complaint that Tremaine, "engaged in a discriminatory practice on the ground of religion, national or ethnic origin, race and colour, in a matter related to the usage of a telecommunication undertaking" had been substantiated.
_	These included the complaint that:
_	Her attorneys argue in the complaint that the revelation regarding Falzone's infertility, "detracted from her sex appeal and made her less desirable" in the eyes of the "male-dominated senior management of Fox News."
_	One of Bloom's clients, Wendy Walsh, filed the complaint that caused Fox News' parent company, 21st Century Fox, to initiate an investigation that led to O'Reilly's dismissal and the end of his eponymous program.
_	The appeal board found that previous investigations into the complaint that Bernstein had violated advertising rules were “adequate and reasonable”.
_	Thus, it made sense that a discretionary attack upon the complaint that was already being drafted, calendared, heard, and ruled upon like a motion should simply be treated like one.
_	This will be a great acquisition, and will remove much of the complaint that the depot was so far from the centre of the town.
_	This, he said, created problems with librarians returning the Journal to the publisher with the complaint that it was improperly bound.
_	The ASA upheld the complaint that the content was in violation of BCAP rule 4.1 for harm and offence and recommended that the advert not appear again in its current form
_	This is much like the complaint that we can’t determine when two sentences have exactly the same meaning.
_	Among these were the complaint that the plan would not assist in the acquiring of early-print manuscripts, or recent important printed works (which would be acquired by American library interests without the necessary intervention of the plan).
_	When she is assigned to photocopy the departmental manager's documents, which she discovers are the rules to his golf club, Amelie is forced to redo her work when the manager returns it with the complaint that the copies are off-centre and that she must not use the feeder for the copier.
_	On March 5, 2010, one of the prosecutors in the Ross case, Michael E. O'Hara, Supervisory Assistant State's Attorney for the State of Connecticut, wrote a 12-page letter to the U. S. Senate Judiciary Committee to elaborate upon the complaint that was filed and dismissed in 2005/2006, stating that Judge Chatigny's actions "certainly call into questions Judge Chatigny's fitness to serve on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit."
_	The objections also include the complaint that religion generally deals with unique, uncontrollable events; statistics, and science in general, deal with recurring phenomena which are possible to sample or control and are susceptible to general laws.
_	I keep getting the complaint that all the companies are doing is consulting and consulting, getting their daily fees and disappearing again.", adding "It's a system designed to profit non-Aborigines while nothing gets done."
_	Most prevalent was the complaint that the Crane Naval Surface Warfare Center had become a "time island".
_	In terms of responsibility, the Obligation of Confidentiality expressly required the Ombudsman and its officers to have no disclosure on the content of investigation as well as the any other matters related to the complaint that they have received.
_	Michaels and Balling took a complaint against the "Star Tribune" to the Minnesota News Council, and at a hearing in April 1998 by a 9–4 decision the council "voted to sustain the complaint that the Star Tribune editorial unfairly characterized the scientific reputations of Patrick Michaels and Robert Balling."
_	Ticketmaster charged in the complaint that when providing Ticketmaster phone numbers on Ticket.com, Ticket.com frequently gave invalid numbers—one time a phone sex number was listed—or the numbers of Ticketmaster's competitors.
_	A key impetus to the separation of Queensland from New South Wales in 1859 was the complaint that the Sydney-based New South Wales government spent little on transport and communications infrastructure in the northern districts.
_	In 1968, Hot Wheels were introduced in the United States by Mattel to address the complaint that they had no line of toys for boys to balance their line of Barbie dolls for girls.
_	Responding to the complaint that Richard Warman, a former CHRC employee turned activist who was the complainant in all but two of the 13 hate speech cases decided by the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal, Fine stated that "Anyone can file a complaint, so from our perspective, that's the end of the matter.
_	The ASA did not uphold the complaint that the advert implied that the Bible condoned anti-homosexual attacks or that the advert incited violence towards 'people of faith', especially Christians.
_	Sir Logan was appointed as a special officer to investigate the matter and the truth behind the complaint that the landlords did not give land to construct mosques.
_	The main point of argument claimed by opponents of Section 28 was the complaint that it discriminated against homosexuals and bisexuals, and hence was an intolerant and unjust law.
_	Religious objections also include the complaint that as prayer starts to be measured, it is no longer real prayer once it gets involved in an experiment and that the concept of conducting prayer experiments reflects a misunderstanding of the purpose of prayer.
_	In February 2002, a poor widow named Triveni had approached Parivartan, with the complaint that the ration shops were always out of stock whenever she needed subsidised foodgrains offered under PDS.
_	The Court then upheld the District Court's dismissal of the plaintiff's complaint, holding that the mere allegations contained in the complaint that the competitors had agreed not to compete were insufficient to state a claim of conspiracy under the Sherman Act.
_	A Christmas Island resident filed the complaint that resulted in the suspension of goatse.
