_	Another motivation is the concern that animals will become accustomed to ingesting foreign objects and might later ingest something harmful.
_	Having finished the illustrations, Kurelek read the book more closely and voiced the concern that Franko's fox was using clerical disguises for selfish ends.
_	The Carbon Trust expressed the concern that projects for destroying HFC-23 were so profitable that coolant manufacturers could be building new factories to produce the coolant gas.
_	The discussion boards are also often used to coordinate real-life demonstrations; as an example, 2channel users organised an August 2011 rally against Fuji Television, under the concern that the channel was broadcasting too many Korean television shows.
_	Which? criticized Optical Express, along with other laser eye surgery providers Optimax and Ultralase, focusing on the concern that laser counsellors consistently downplayed the risks of surgery
_	WHO raised the concern that substandard care of the infected patients may contribute to the spread of the disease.
_	She reiterated the concern that arbitration did not fully safeguard the rights of an unsophisticated investor, and noted that the right to sue was so well established by case law that an implied cause of action was not necessary.
_	There is also the concern that the mere availability of the technology tools can create problems.
_	Beat went as far as to call it "the worst VR game I’ve played from a professional studio", also citing the concern that it was too much like a simple arcade shooter.
_	The potential complete removal of plutonium from the waste stream of the reactor reduces the concern that presently exists with spent nuclear fuel from most other reactors that arises with burying or storing their spent fuel in a geological repository, as they could possibly be used as a plutonium mine at some future date.
_	The EPA regional office replied with the concern that the transfer might violate the Endangered Species Act, which prohibits agencies from taking actions that might jeopardize endangered species.
_	However, they claimed that the opposition was not against the programs in principle but due to the concern that a botched rollout by the INS could result in many students suffering.
_	In the 18th century, Irish peerages became rewards for English politicians, limited only by the concern that they might go to Dublin and interfere with the Irish Government.
_	According to the book "All About Capcom Head to Head Fighting Games" and "Final Fight" director Akira Nishitani, the characters were originally planned to be female, but were changed to "newhalfs" (a Japanese term for pre-op trans individuals) after the game's release, due to the suggestion that "hitting women was considered rude" in America and the concern that feminist groups would sue.
_	Generally, surgeons tend to stay away from operative interventions during the pregnancy because of the risk of haemorrhage and the concern that the pregnancy may be interrupted.
_	According to the ACLU, the Act is inconsistent with the original intent of the Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution; more recently, the ACLU has expressed the concern that the FCC interpretation of the Act is incorrect.<ref name="ACLU/FCC"></ref>
_	The level of organisation within the movement as well as the variety of political promises by its main activist Amupanda has raised the concern that AR might be a "political party in the making".
_	The future-focused orientation attributes to at least some of the concern that Americans have with "addressing immediate issues and moving on to new challenges" (Cohen, 2004, p. 35).
_	Although the song's lyrics clearly had nothing to do with the issue, such was the concern that a song which included the word "sì" ("yes") so many times could be seen as containing a subliminal message that RAI took the unprecedented step of effectively banning their own Eurovision entry from the airwaves until after the referendum.
_	Hayashi was distressed about the writing style of the work, which resembled that of a popular magazine, but Tokunaga responded with the concern that proletarian readers would be unable to understand a work written in a more literary style.
_	Some scholars have expressed the concern that video games may have the effect of reinforcing sexist stereotypes.
_	Much of the fibre being laid is without redundancy, so it is great when it works, but there is always the concern that you need satellite back up.
_	Smaller and less important architecturally than the adjacent Potter County Courthouse, the Jones Building nevertheless gives the Federal Government a tangible presence in the center this city on the plains of North Texas, and demonstrates the concern that existed at the time of its construction for enhancing public places.
_	They also stress that some critics have voiced the concern that there is a lack of seriousness in political communication on social media platforms.
_	The Court explained that the need to distinguish between economic activities that directly and those that indirectly affect interstate commerce was due to "the concern that we expressed in "Lopez" that Congress might use the Commerce Clause to completely obliterate the Constitution’s distinction between national and local authority."
_	Justice Thomas's concurring opinion also expressed the concern that "Congress [was] appropriating State police powers under the guise of regulating commerce."
_	They expressed the concern that regular WhatsApp users still could not tell the difference between end-to-end encrypted messages and regular messages.
_	Zelophehad's kinsmen expressed the concern that if Zelophehad's daughters married men from another Israelite tribe, their land would be cut off from Manasseh's ancestral portion and be added to the portion of the husbands' tribe.
_	Thio Li-ann has raised the concern that such an approach reduces the efficiency and effectiveness of a GRC, because its resources are unfairly stretched.
_	"Göteborgs-Tidningen" expressed the concern that the aim was to create a Swedish "Kraft Durch Freude" phalanx and "Eskilstuna-Kuriren" claimed that the motion was dominated by “emotional thinking”, declaring that Sweden did not need a “Per Albin-Jugend”.
_	Rex suffers from anxiety, an inferiority complex and the concern that he is not scary enough.
_	In a document released by "The New York Times" on October 30, 2014, from a talk Berman gave to the Western Energy Alliance, Berman reassured potential donors about the concern that they might be found out as a supporter of one of his organizations:
_	In addition, the methodology of many rankings (e.g., "U.S. News & World Report" 2015 Best Engineering Schools Rankings) emphasizes research expenditures (such as grants and contracts) as the only measure of scientific accomplishments despite the concern that measuring science by the amount of money spent rather than by the importance and impact of scientific discoveries or the depth of the ideas could encourage costly projects that are not necessary scientifically sound.
_	Gay said: "I am in possession of information and internal email correspondence that gives rise to the concern that the governor has used state monies to manufacture allegations against a political opponent.
_	Purple martin proponents are motivated by the concern that the purple martin would likely vanish from eastern North America were it not for this assistance.
_	Italy also foresaw this result: Paternò Castello, in a July report to the king and Giolitti, laid out the pros and cons of a military action in Libya and raised the concern that the Balkan revolt that would likely follow an Italian attack against Libya might force Austria to take military action in Balkan areas claimed by Italy.
_	However, editor David Remnick felt the image's obvious excesses rebuffed the concern that it could be misunderstood, even by those unfamiliar with the magazine.
_	Because of the concern that boxing may cause CTE, there is a movement among medical professionals to ban the sport.
_	Rev. Rowoldt and other ministers also discuss the concern that blacks moving into white neighborhoods will decrease property values.
_	Methodology of many rankings (e.g., "U.S. News and World Report" 2015 Best Engineering Schools Rankings) emphasizes research expenditures (such as grants and contracts) as the only measure of scientific accomplishments despite the concern that measuring science by the amount of money spent rather than by the importance and impact of scientific discoveries or the depth of the ideas could encourage costly projects that are not necessary scientifically sound.
_	This concept has gained currency in the small farm policy debate, in response to the concern that the farm value of the consumer food dollar continues to decrease.
_	Resistance is a loosely organized group of Traditionalist Catholics that grew out of the concern that the dialogue between the Society of St. Pius X (SSPX) and the Holy See was leading the SSPX to accept the Second Vatican Council as a condition of the Society's recognition by Rome.
_	The groups' works tend to focus on the rapid urbanization going on in Puerto Rico during the 1950s and the concern that cultural heritage was being supplanted by Americanization.
_	Conflicts within the Lammermuir team limited their effectiveness, but when Taylor's daughter Grace died of meningitis in 1867, they united for a time and sorted out their discord after witnessing Taylor place the cares of his fellow missionaries above even the concern that he had for his ailing daughter.
_	The Queen's Annual Address to the House of Lords on 16 January 1840 expressed the concern that "Events have happened in China which have occasioned an interruption of the commercial intercourse of my subjects with that country.
_	The lower courts in British Columbia and, later, the Supreme Court of Canada, ruled in favour of Trinity Western University, stating that there was no basis for the BCCT's decision, and, moreover, that "the concern that graduates of TWU will act in a detrimental fashion in the classroom is not supported by any evidence".
_	As for the concern that productivity growth drives unemployment, the very idea is controversial, and it depends on whatever the true reality may be in the relationship of automation to unemployment.
_	The unexpected pennant drive provided a backdrop for the question as it was debated throughout the summer, given the concern that the Pirates might leave the city if a new stadium wasn't procured.
_	The countries were receiving funding for the vaccinations, raising the concern that Gavi may have paid out much more than it should have based on the number of children immunized.
_	The only justification I ever heard for what we were doing was the concern that East Timor was on the verge of being accepted as a new member of the United Nations and there was a chance that the country was going to be either leftist or neutralist and not likely to vote [with the United States] at the UN.
_	Lilynette typically shows the concern that Starrk does not, giving him incentive.
_	He also reassured potential donors about the concern that they might be discovered as supporters:
_	Ebbecke shot down the idea, raising a number of objections including the fact that Mendes had already done a film on the same topic in England and the concern that German audiences might confuse the proposed film with Feuchtwanger's novel which was not antisemitic.
_	By season three, with Paramount Television serious about the show's future in reruns, the scripts were cleaned up as well over the concern that the constant editing of coarse dialogue (Joe's habitual exclaiming of "son of a bitch" and "fuck" and "shit" peppered in accordingly) would be bad for syndication and revenues.
_	Florida addressed the concern that dredge pipes would suck turtles into the pumps by adding a special grill to the dredge pipes.
_	The Workers' Opposition, which had connections to the official state trade unions, also expressed the concern that the government had lost the trust of the Russian working class.
_	Signaling the concern that the Soviet Union was placing on Savimbi's advance in Angola, Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev raised the Angolan war with Reagan during numerous U.S.-Soviet summits.
_	When Rama was tasting them, Lakshmana raised the concern that Shabari had already tasted them and therefore unworthy of eating.
_	This was done to address the concern that the residents may not want to encounter a neighbor they did not wish to associate with.
_	Masaki Shizuka of the TSE expressed the concern that "investor confidence in information provided by the company may decline."
_	The DOC report noted that discussions with regulators about the operation of the Act “usually evoke the concern that there are certain states which they consider weak, i.e. where it is easy for a company to get licensed and regulatory oversight is lax.
_	This was chiefly due to the concern that secular nationalism would replace the Jewish faith and the observance of religion, and the view that it was forbidden for the Jews to re-constitute Jewish rule in the Land of Israel before the arrival of the Messiah.
_	Andreas Vollenweider noted that "we have sold millions of records worldwide before the category New Age was actually a category", and shared the concern that "the stores are having this problem with categorization".
_	Krimsky raises the concern that conflicts of interest may compromise the scientific norm of "disinterestedness", which "requires that scientists apply the methods, perform the analysis, and execute the interpretation of results without considerations of personal gain, ideology, or fidelity to any cause other than the pursuit of truth."
_	According to Naka, the team did not ask for advice from professional firefighters during development, partly due to the concern that their game would not be well received, as Naka thought they would have said that real firefighting "wasn't that simple".
_	The secrecy was due to the concern that public knowledge of Cabinet procedure would lead to a loss of faith in collective responsibility (if it became known that only a subset of the Cabinet had been involved in making a given decision) and undue pressure being put on committee chairs once their specific policy responsibilities became known.
_	The program and the organization that created it grew out of the concern that electronic waste generated in wealthy countries was being dismantled in poor countries, often by underage workers.
_	While many in the business community acknowledged the potential social tools had for improved collaboration, productivity, and brand messaging, the concern that employees would misrepresent their brand, disclose proprietary information, or otherwise damage their company's reputation or ability to conduct business persisted.
_	Based on Randall J. Evans' doctoral dissertation, Henderson and colleagues recognised nine species in the genus, although they expressed the concern that the fragmentation of populations by habitat destruction may have exaggerated the difference between remaining populations, leading to an overestimate in the number of species.
_	The length restriction was based on the concern that such long rackets would make the serve too dominant, but that concern has never been objectively supported with testing.
_	However, they claimed that the opposition was not against the programs in principle but due to the concern that a botched rollout by the INS could result in many students suffering.
_	Along with his view, others explain that since the sons of Zadok are ordered by Ezekiel to be active in the Torah instruction of the Kohanim, the need to have a positive public image is crucial and marrying a widow may cause gossip and rumor that the Zadokite priest had transgressed forbidden relationships in Judaism Similarly, there is the concern that the widow of a non-priest was initially a divorcee, and over time this fact was forgotten, whereas the widow of a priest is likely not a divorcee since all priests are forbidden from marrying divorcees.
_	In response to the concern that the estate tax interferes with a middle-class family's ability to pass on wealth, proponents point out that the estate tax currently affects only estates of considerable size (over $5 million, and $10 million for couples) and provides numerous credits (including the unified credit) that allow a significant portion of even large estates to escape taxation.
_	Some scholars and educators in the Arab world have joined in the critique of the rankings, sharing the concern that the supposed "objective" rankings are really quite subjective, and further arguing that the rankings are biased in favor of Western universities.
_	The coalition cites a variety of reasons for opposing the line, including the concern that the route will traverse some of the most fire prone areas of San Diego county, including the area that was burned in the 2003 Cedar Fire.
_	This was rejected out of the concern that the upper, active part of the Slumgullion Earthflow could one day reach the dam site, and the possibility that the added pore pressure of the deeper water could reactivate the lower part of the slide.
_	In May 1989, Chinese State Security Ministry issued a report, which brought to attention the concern that the donations were not just out of good will, but that they were part of a foreign plot at work within the Tiananmen Protests underlining the controversy of some of these donations.
_	The use of force consists of two parts: the amount of force that may lawfully be used on a continuum that includes deadly force; and the circumstances under which it may be used, including the level of imminent threat reasonably perceived by the member of law enforcement and the concern that a fleeing felon may harm the public.
_	The Canadian federal budget of October 1980 reflected the concern that Canada could "become increasingly dependent on insecure foreign supplies and, therefore, unnecessarily subject to the vagaries of the world oil market".
_	Although they have knowledge of Allah the knowledge of Islamic art, culture and ritual, as well as the traditional imagery of the Islamic heaven and hell was omitted from their computer simulated childhoods by the authors of their mission, due to the concern that such material ideas would be irrelevant on a new planet; only the spirit of the religion was preserved.
_	In 1954, Cushing residents were "perturbed" by the possibility of a new language hall being built within the dormitory's sightlines, citing the concern that any artificial construction would ruin their views.
_	While serving in the legislature, Brodeur sponsored legislation that would make it a crime for doctors to ask their patients about "gun ownership and gun habits," based on the concern that such information would be received by the government or insurance companies, which "could lead to higher insurance premiums for gun owners or a national gun registry."
_	This is consistent with the practice in Babylonian mathematics at the time (6th century BC), but it has given rise to debate within rabbinical Judaism from an early period due to the concern that the biblical text might here be inaccurate.
_	Drawing on the worldview of Alfred North Whitehead, Deckers argues that the genetic engineering of animals presents a greater threat to this interest compared to conventional methods of breeding animals, which are, incidentally, not free from the concern that they fail to safeguard the integrity of nature either.
_	That said, there is still the concern that the same lack of accountability that led to the loss of public confidence in domain-validated certificates will lead to lax certification practices that will erode the value of EV certificates as well.
_	The lawyer for the Dink family, Erdal Doğan, repeated the concern that much evidence was destroyed and lost that might reveal relationships between the suspects and members of the security forces, including a tape from a security camera outside a bank near the Agos offices where Dink was killed.
_	Although depression could still be diagnosed with the bereavement clause in place if the individual was suicidal, psychotic, or had trouble with day to day tasks, proponents of its removal argue that underdiagnosis of depression was still a risk due to certain severe symptoms not meeting the criteria (e.g., insomnia, rapid weight loss, or trouble concentrating) and the concern that individuals may hide certain symptoms due to fears of being institutionalized.
_	Healing lodges were created to address the concern that traditional prisons do not work on aboriginal offenders.
_	Although Farmer agreed with Beeson and Rodgers that the employer in "McAllister Transfer" had not committed a ULP in violating the voluntary "hot cargo" clause, he voiced the concern that the NLRB was becoming too activist by banning all such clauses.
_	They employed unstandardized and subjective definitions of bilingualism and of a bilingual individual ("e.g.", labeling a person as bilingual or monolingual through assumptions based on the national origin of that person's parents or even based on that person's family name), raising the concern that there is no way of determining whether their samples were truly representative of a bilingual population.
_	In the wake of the December 14, 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School (Newtown) shooting, "Quiet's" author was cited for the concern that introverted people, or people who are quiet for other reasons, receive unfair suspicion or stigmatization because of violent acts committed by a few solitary individuals.
_	STAR is a program that extends in academy, given the concern that exists to show that at an early age girls are not animated to study careers as math, science and engineering; for this promoted program with the participation of IEEE members in different schools this educational outreach program promotes participation of members of the IEEE with local schools and local high schools in order to create a positive image of engineering careers.
_	The minister Hanabusa would only return to Seoul and be protected by army and navy troops, because of the concern that there was no predicting what further violence might be unleashed by the rioters.
_	The loss of Kham Duc on 12 May raised the concern that the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) would next seek to overrun Thường Ðức.
_	The executive order was highlighted in June 2014 after a previously deported undocumented immigrant from Honduras was accused of raping a woman in Rittenhouse Square with the concern that if acquitted, the accused would not be submitted for deportation due to Philadelphia's new policy.
_	Furthermore, as the neighborhood undergoes gentrification, there is the concern that, like SoHo in Manhattan before it, local artists and entertainers will be forced out of the neighborhood if a proper balance is not struck between redevelopment and the needs of artists and lower income residents.
_	At administration meetings, Kissinger voiced the concern that the North would see the U.S. as "the paper tigers of Saigon" if they did not respond, and Ford agreed with that assessment.
_	At the same time, it creates the concern that governments in the region, aware of the increasing importance of social media, might attempt to close down free speech outlets anytime they feel threatened.
_	His one hesitation about studying pure science was the concern that it "might alienate one a bit from people in general", as a result of which "one might not develop the human factor sufficiently."
_	Following the attempt by the dengue vaccination maker Sanofi Pasteur on November 29, 2017, the Philippine Department of Health (DOH) suspended the vaccination program based in schools owing to the concern that it worsens the disease in some cases where the recipient had no previous exposure.
_	Pratt also called the law "poorly drafted", expressing the concern that "in the hands of an anti-gun president and attorney general, the language could be expanded to cover guns with non-metal parts (even guns with wood stocks)."
_	There is also the concern that women are held to a different standard than men on the job.
_	With the concern that listing and safeguarding historic buildings was not enough, in 1957 architectural specialists arranged a congress in Paris called The First International Congress of Architects and Specialists of Historic Buildings.
_	Gröttrup and a few other German scientists were kept longer, based on their positions and the concern that they would move to West Germany.
_	In particular was the concern that more than $10 million per year was going toward building UB's athletic programs, such monies being diverted away from academics.
_	(The projects were undertaken between 1997 and 2000 and focused on the concern that the old Soviet BW program was secretly continuing and had developed a genetically modified anthrax weapon.)
_	At administration meetings, Kissinger voiced the concern that North Korea would see the U.S. as "the paper tigers of Saigon" if they did not respond, and Ford agreed with that assessment.
_	In 2008, she fought against the establishment of the proposed Foxwoods Casino planned near Philadelphia's Chinatown because of the concern that unchecked development would compel longtime residents of that area to move away.
_	The latter, which mostly featured advice on educating young children, and motivated by the concern that the society had changed after union, was only published between 1865 and 1866.
_	MK Dov Lipman expressed the concern that many Knesset workers are unfamiliar with non-Orthodox and American practices and would view "an egalitarian service in the synagogue as an affront."
_	Romney may have been challenged by voters with the concern that a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints would take commandments from the president of the church who is regarded as a living prophet.
_	She helped him to deal with the concern that he would not be able to compose original works again.
_	Much like the first few early phases of demolition, it was decided that the Metrodome would be torn down via wrecking ball, rather than implosion—due to the concern that vibration and dust from an implosion would have on nearby downtown Minneapolis neighborhoods and Hennepin County Medical Center, which sat catacorner from the now-demolished Metrodome.
_	This was needed because of the concern that long term use of SERMs could lead to osteoporosis and heart disease.
_	Particularly noted was the concern that the US had built too many tanks and artillery, and they would be sitting around, useless.
_	ABF management has also expressed the concern that if this league were to fail, there may never be another opportunity for professional baseball in Australia.
_	Parents were requested to pick up their children because of the concern that high-profile buses could blow over.
_	JED was founded out of the concern that press freedom was being violated and that journalists had become victims of unfair justice.
_	Dickey from as early as 1899 expressed the concern that an architecture suitable for Hawaii's environment be developed and it is this sensitivity for which his architecture is best remembered.
_	Currently, the concern that cooler temperatures would continue, and perhaps at a faster rate, has been observed to be incorrect by the IPCC.
_	One of the main issues that government censors identified was the concern that details of Hu's relationship with Deng Xiaoping (especially details of Hu's removal from power after resisting orders to crack down on student demonstrators in 1987) would reflect poorly on Deng's legacy.
_	The statement critical of the Anglican Communion's worldwide leader led the Rev. Dr. Ephraim Radner to resign from the Anglican Communion Network, which he had assisted in founding, out of the concern that "Bishop Duncan has, in the end, decided to start a new church."
_	There was reluctance to give activated charcoal in paracetamol overdose, because of the concern that it may also absorb the oral antidote acetylcysteine.
_	Mid 1981 a meeting was held at Sunbury to address the concern that students from Sunbury, East Keilor and Avondale Heights would not be able to be accommodated at St Albans.
_	Although the offer remains open there is the concern that this could lead to the eventual development of the area of woodland for housing.
_	Two days before the scheduled voting, the Slovenian Association of Journalists and Commentators, the second largest journalists' association in the country, issued a statement raising the concern that Janković might abuse his power as prime minister by curtailing the freedom of media through intimidation.
_	A story in the Sydney Morning Herald of July 1842 recounts the concern that Benjamin Gould had about the safety of the nearby bridge which crossed the Wollondilly River.
_	Emanuel also expressed the concern that budgetary pressures might be used to justify euthanasia if it were legal.
_	Both Senators also expressed the concern that, either way, the controversy was undermining the integrity of the Department of Justice.
_	Another consideration that may well have influenced Pericles' stance was the concern that revolts in the empire might spread if Athens showed itself weak.
_	As the mayor of Stuttgart, he was also known for his effort to give the Red Army Faction terrorists who had committed suicide at the Stuttgart-Stammheim prison a proper burial, despite the concern that the graves would become a pilgrimage point for radical leftists.
_	In an interview with "Cookie", Peet stated: "Frankly, I feel that parents who don't vaccinate their children are parasites," referring to the benefit unvaccinated children derive from herd immunity and the concern that dropping vaccination rates may put all children at increased risk of preventable disease.
_	The program relieves the concern that people who receive food from Meals On Wheels will not feel the need to share it with their pets.
_	Jazz in Britain also faced a similar difficulty to Brazilian jazz and French jazz, namely it tended to be seen by figures of authority as a bad influence, but in Britain the concern that jazz was from the United States appears to have been less important than in France or Brazil.
_	According to the Amazon Web Services Blog, however, Amazon appears to disapprove of the ones that completely automate the process and preclude the human element, because of the concern that the task completion process - e.g. answering a survey - could be gamed with random responses, and the resultant collected data could be worthless.
_	It was said that Lin was so touched by the concern that Di showed Zheng as a colleague that he relayed the episode to the military advisor to the prefect, Li Xiaolian (李孝廉), with whom Lin had a running dispute, and offered peaceful relations to Li.
_	A House of Commons Library briefing note raised the concern that changes to Universal Credit that were scheduled to take effect in April 2016 might make people reluctant to take more hours at work:
_	The opposition was possibly caused by the concern that the tunnel duplication would prevent a goods shed expansion, and because it had been advised that timetabling could work around the limitations of the single-track tunnel.
_	Muller’s Visiting Doctors Program was conceived in 2005 as a response to the concern that the demands of residency training were creating a breed of physicians who needed to be reminded that "patients are people, not biochemical analyses."
_	In the eighteenth century, Irish peerages became rewards for English politicians, limited only by the concern that they might go to Dublin and interfere with the Irish Government.
_	The ISPs are reluctant to share information about their bandwidth because of the concern that the data would be used by their competitors to undermine their market position.
_	Environmental vegetarianism is based on the concern that the production of meat and animal products for mass consumption, especially through factory farming, is environmentally unsustainable.
_	All of these findings raise the concern that cardiac rhythm disturbances may become an issue during the long in-flight tours of duty planned for ISS and interplanetary missions.
_	The FBI offered a $10,000 reward leading to the apprehension of the suspect responsible for Thompson's murder, while refusing to comment on any connection to the other murders, due to the concern that acknowledging that a weapon tying all the crimes together would run the risk of prompting the killer to dispose of it.
_	In the book "Unscientific America", Mooney and co-author Sheril Kirshenbaum expressed the concern that some science communicators were pressing the view that one must make a choice between accepting science or accepting religion.
_	Courts generally sidestep the concern that the buyer is not actually required to buy anything by noting that the contract is nonetheless the surrender of the "right" to buy from another party.
_	The accretion disc energy-production mechanism was finally modeled in the 1970s, and black holes were also directly detected (including evidence showing that supermassive black holes could be found at the centers of our own and many other galaxies), which resolved the concern that quasars were too luminous to be a result of very distant objects or that a suitable mechanism could not be confirmed to exist in nature.
_	During the Cold War, in response to the concern that a nuclear war would destroy the world, the United States government began a project to create living super-weapons.
_	The Center for Election Science also voices their opinion that the name itself is ""misleading"" and raises the concern that while ""a voter can’t harm a candidate by ranking additional less preferred candidates, .. voters can still hurt themselves by doing so.
_	Yet, there remains the concern that aid agencies' neutrality will be brought into question by accepting military support, putting aid staff at risk of being attacked and causing some parties to prevent the agencies accessing all the areas they need to.
_	In addition to the concern that the views of Manhattan would be blocked, Sam Pesin, president of FOLSP, stated that the "main message" the group wanted to make clear is that "the governor, in this severe economic crisis, is wasting...taxpayers' money."
_	With new biopesticide technologies comes the concern that pests will rapidly develop resistance to natural insecticides, because plant pesticides tend to produce the pesticidal active ingredient throughout a growing season, increasing the selection pressure upon both the target pests and any other susceptible insects feeding on the transformed crop.
_	The Workers' Opposition, who had connections to the state's official trade unions, also expressed the concern that the government had lost the trust of Russia's working class.
_	It was forbidden for a man to investigate himself to determine whether an emission of semen had occurred, on the basis that the sensation of touch causes "keri" (an oblique reference to masturbation); the Talmud goes on to address the concern that preventing any contact with the penis would make urination more awkward for males, and makes suggestions in this regard.
_	The most pronounced effect of temperature in liquid is convection, which raised the concern that the apparent thermotactic response could have been a reflection of a passive drift in the liquid current or a rheotactic response to the current (rather than to the temperature gradient per se).
_	It is causing concern because of its impact on the local environment, the fact that it competes with native species, and the concern that it may affect shellfish production in oyster beds.
_	Because of the concern that pedestrians might interfere with vehicular traffic, causing carriages to drive off the bridge and land on the railway tracks below, a wooden fence was erected on the first two city-side spans to separate the carriageway and pedestrian walkway.
_	There is always the concern that this solution will lead to a further problem if disgruntled stakeholders do not consider their needs are being met.
_	His stance in these matters has been one of theistic evolution, with the concern that science be taught in science classes, and non-science be taught elsewhere.
_	Others—though curious about the European faith—were prevented from baptism by the Jesuits out of the concern that these Huron were dangerously combining traditional practices with Christian concepts.
_	However, the damage was already done, and the violence of the Seljuk Turks became part of the concern that spread the passion for the Crusades.
_	The appearance of Baudin's ships served to reinforce the concern that France was interested in the area.
_	However, those covalent linking methods are limited by the concern that the synthetic covalent bond between CPP and nucleic acid may alter the biological activity of the latter.
_	According to research conducted by the Sofia Open Society Institute covering the months of June and July, only 7.4% of respondents cited the concern that GERB could return to the helm of the country as being among their reasons for refusing to participate in a protest.
_	Tigay called the concern that this indicated to impress the Teaching on the mind of all Israelites "one of the most characteristic and far-reaching ideas of the Bible, particularly of Deuteronomy."
_	"Some observers have expressed the concern that, by expanding its balance sheet, the Federal Reserve is effectively printing money, an action that will ultimately be inflationary.
_	In response to the concern that one party to a transaction (the government) would be immune from the TPA while the other party would be bound by it, the joint judgment reasoned there was "nothing unusual" about such an outcome.
_	New York argued for the law's distinction, expressing the concern that allowing an unwed father to veto his child's adoption might have the effect of discouraging adoption, which wouldn't be in the best interests of the children.
_	He expresses the concern that "alternative facts" exploit this effect to confuse what scientific facts really are and highlights the importance of critical thinking skills to counter this phenomenon.
_	Officials of the TSA have expressed the concern that airports simply want to rid themselves of the influence of the Federal Government.
_	The principal reason for the redesign was the concern that Australia's states were not individually represented; that was achieved by showing each state's heraldic badge on the shield.
_	Two days before the scheduled voting, the Slovenian Association of Journalists and Commentators, the second largest journalists' association in the country, issued a statement raising the concern that Janković might abuse his power as Prime Minister by curtailing the freedom of media through intimidation.
_	Betancourt expressed the concern that this “relative anonymity will allow government forces to arrest Carlos and violate his human rights with impunity and without fear of any international repercussion.”
_	Connections are only allowed to clients that can authenticate successfully, alleviating the concern that unauthorized users can eavesdrop via the sound device.
_	Neil L. Whitehead and Michael Welsch point out that the concern that posthumanism will decenter the human in anthropology ignores the discipline's long history of engaging with the unhuman (like spirits and demons that humans believe in) and the culturally "subhuman" (like marginalized groups within a society)..
_	To address the concern that the fertility of this sample could not be considered complete, Vining carried out a follow-up study for the same sample 18 years later, reporting the same, though slightly decreased, negative correlation between IQ and fertility.
_	One of the reasons for the support of the Agency for Cultural Affairs is the concern that more of the Japanese animation process is being outsourced overseas—thus leading to a decline in opportunities to teach animation techniques within Japan.
_	The fourth development was initiated by David Rousseau, and is grounded in the concern that the value relativism dominating academic discourse is problematic for social and individual welfare, is contrary to the holistic implications of systems philosophy, and is inconsistent with universalist aspects of moral intuitions and spiritual experiences.
_	Another reason for objecting to the term "transsexual" is the concern that it implies something to do with sexuality, when it is actually about gender identity.
_	Experts further expressed the concern that adolescent girls and young women were frequently overlooked in policy and programming responses designed for young men, adult women or for children in general, yet the context of their lives may be quite distinct and require specific approaches, particularly given they are the age group at greatest risk of sexual violence.
_	It also addressed the concern that such a massive task, required more support than his single voice.
_	Yet, some critics of PARRY expressed the concern that this computer program does not in actuality "understand" the way a person understands and continued to assert that the idiosyncratic, partial and idiolectic responses from PARRY cover up its limitations.
_	Opponents raise the concern that it could undermine confidence in the constitution prior to a republic being established.
_	The program came about as a response to the concern that “far too many children, especially in developing countries are undernourished, are without access to adequate health services, are missing the basic educational preparation for their future and are deprived of the elementary amenities of life.”
_	As many elected delegates from outside the United States could not attend the General Assembly due to US immigration policies, financial or other reasons, the General Assembly authorised the creation of "a committee to address the concern that a high percentage (as many as 40 percent in some world regions) of non-North American/non-United States delegates are unable to attend a General Assembly".
_	Code requires that a CP should be forthcoming about all aspects associated with a project (including negative ones), a 2014 paper by S.M. Rupprecht highlights the concern that self-regulation is still difficult to enforce.
_	"Macworld" expressed the concern that Apple could take full control away from users and developers in future releases and move the security policy of macOS slowly toward that of Apple's mobile operating system iOS, whereupon the installation of many utilities and modifications requires jailbreaking.
_	According to author Neville Maxwell, officers at the Indian Defense Ministry had expressed the concern that even Indian maps showed the entire Namkha Chu valley and Dhola Post-Thag La area as Chinese territory; they were told to ignore the maps.
_	Additionally, there was the concern that time was running out in another way: the weather.
_	One economic impact of the baby boom is the concern that when baby boomers get older and retire, the dependency ratio will increase.
_	A "New York Times" article in February 2008 pointed out that Facebook does not actually provide a mechanism for users to close their accounts, and raised the concern that private user data would remain indefinitely on Facebook's servers.
_	When Rama was tasting them, Lakshmana raised the concern that Shabari had already tasted them and therefore unworthy of eating.
_	In the late 1930s, war was seen as a possibility, if not likely, and a sizeable rearmament programme began, probably also activated by the concern that a large proportion of the arsenal was becoming obsolete.
_	There is also the concern that though each of them was the most powerful Chinese kingdom of its respective era, none of them ever really had the ability to unify the entire Chinese realm as there were several powerful states to the south.
_	The report affirmed the concern that had been raised by the opposition that Mr. Wilkinson had not had necessary information available to him in reaching the decision, particularly his being refused access to an Alberta Justice briefing note that listed the law firm as the last of three that should be considered.
_	The Indonesian government has expressed the concern that many rainforests along Indonesia—Malaysia borders in Borneo were suffering illegal logging, mostly done by Malaysian loggers.
_	It is theorized that the one-to-two years of relief from stricture disease will allow the practitioner and the patient to plan the most effective treatment regimen without having the concern that undergoing multiple dilitations cloud the judgment of the patient.
_	The decline in the caribou population as resulting from the presence of the wolves has raised the concern that the caribou population is in danger of extirpation as soon as the winter of 2017/2018.
_	Consumer-grade, public file hosting and synchronization services are popular, but for business use, they create the concern that corporate information is exported to devices and cloud services that are not controlled by the organization.
_	At a 2006 conference on Commonwealth honours, Christopher McCreery, an expert on Canada's honours, raised the concern that the three grades of the Order of Canada were insufficient to recognize the nation's very best; one suggestion was to add two more levels to the order, equivalent to knighthoods in British orders.
_	The statement raises the concern that once materials are available digitally it is hard to monitor how many copies are produced, which is an infringement of copyright legislation.
_	While people commonly cite the concern that charter schools will take away funding to the detriment of the public school system, Bowden argues that they will benefit as much as anyone else from the competition and perhaps, smaller classroom sizes.
_	At the conference, Mettius proposed that the dispute be resolved by some means other than mass bloodshed, citing the concern that the nearby Etruscans would fall upon the two Latin states if these were weakened by war and unable to defend themselves.
_	While it is not clear whether or not Turing intended that the interrogator was to know that one of the participants was a computer, while discussing some of the possible objections to his argument Turing raised the concern that "machines cannot make mistakes".
_	The "Arizona Daily Star" quoted speculation over Wood's role, addressing the concern that Wood had been unaware of the most extreme abuse of her subordinates, and addressing the concern that Wood had merely passed on authorization for the abuse from more senior officers.
_	Given the lack of regulatory standards in the U.S., some public-health researchers have raised the concern that consumers cannot be certain that spirulina and other blue-green algae supplements are free of contamination.
_	Madison notes the dangers and instabilities feared in a federal system, especially the concern that the national government could take too much power from the states or that the states might overthrow the national government, but argues that the federal system prevents this by being naturally harmonious and symbiotic; that the national government cannot operate without the state governments, while the state governments gain major benefits from the national government.
_	According to Gay, "I am in possession of information and internal email correspondence that gives rise to the concern that the governor has used state monies to manufacture allegations against a political opponent.
_	His dissertation argued for the liberalization of vocational and career education based on the concern that these programs indoctrinated students into a neo-liberal mindset (Hyslop-Margison, 2005).
_	There was the concern that a subsequent race in building larger, more powerful cruisers might subvert the usefulness of the prohibition on capital ship construction and encourage navies to squander their now-limited permissible tonnage for capital ships on fast vessels designed specifically to hunt down large cruisers.
_	Development of new drugs takes many years, leading to the concern that worms could out-evolve the drugs currently available to treat them.
_	In 1918, due to worries over the large number of firearms left in private hands following World War I, and the concern that they would be used by ""savage or semi-civilised tribesmen in outlying parts of the British Empire"" or by an ""anarchist or intellectual malcontent of the great cities whose weapons are the bomb and the automatic pistol."", a "Committee on Firearms Control" was struck with Blackwell as its chairman.
_	During brainstorming, Segawa pitched an idea to his staff that the female could have fearsome superpowers due to the concern that the female lead will not be prominently known if a male character helps her out, which was met with some opposition from his supervisor again.
_	Participants at the meetings included registered sex offenders, and parents raised the concern that Quatama Elementary was adjacent to the church.
_	Being the younger brother of an Anglophile, there was always the concern that at some point or the other, he might abandon his anti-British and Indian nationalist attitude.
_	Commentators such as George Monbiot have voiced the concern that the amended Harassment Act effectively "allows the police to ban any campaign they please".
_	The use of non-linear structure has raised the concern that the books are encouraging shorter concentration spans, that longer narratives develop.
_	There is also the concern that only newly digitized material can be found while older material, published on different platforms that are no longer supported is effectively lost.
_	The use of HEU and plutonium in satellites has raised the concern that a sufficiently motivated rogue state could retrieve materials from a satellite crash (notably on land as occurred with Kosmos-954, Mars-96 and Fobos-Grunt) and then use these to supplement the yield of an already working nuclear device.
_	Frances moved slowly, between , as it crossed the warm Gulf Stream between the Bahamas and Florida, leading to the concern that it could restrengthen.
_	A consumer concern that drives demand for organic food is the concern that conventional foods may contain residues of pesticides and chemicals.
_	Concerns centered around high taxes required to support the army and the concern that Sweden would be induced to invade Norway.
_	Kennedy also raised the concern that state family court procedures may be disrupted by the Court's holding.
_	Blog raised the concern that because the Batteroo Boost acts as a ground for the boost converter circuit, any nick in the insulation might result in a direct short, and potentially a fire.
_	The idea of the school came when Jared Bailin, the president of Eagle Plastics came to Greg Hartjes with the concern that there was a need for people to fill jobs, but also develop the skills needed to successfully work in the shop environment daily; a planning board was formed shortly after.
_	As many elected delegates from outside the United States could not attend the General Assembly due to financial, US immigration policies or other reasons, the General Assembly authorised the creation of "a committee to address the concern that a high percentage (as many as 40 percent in some world regions) of non-North American/non-United States delegates are unable to attend a General Assembly".
_	It was assumed that the Soviets would use this during the Korean War, and this caused the concern that an aircraft carrier might find itself being attacked by a group of planes it allowed to approach.
_	Founded in 1980 in Manhattan's Chinatown (紐約華埠), the museum began as the New York Chinatown History Project by historian John Kuo Wei Tchen and community resident and activist Charles Lai to promote a better understanding of the Chinese American experience and to address the concern that "the memories and experiences of aging older generations would perish without oral history, photo documentation, research and collecting efforts."
_	Caplan also mentions concerns about possible misdiagnosis risk - the risk that an infant would be incorrectly diagnosed with anencephaly, and also the slippery-slope concern - the concern that other individuals are then at risk for organ donation, such as those in vegetative states or with severe disabilities.
_	Central to the philosophy of Thierry Geoffroy seems to be the concern that contemporary artists have an obligation to confront current themes (“emergencies”).
_	More urgently for the fledgling fort, this brings up the concern that the garrison may not be able to procure enough food for its sustenance.
_	This has raised the concern that the incidence of libel tourism to Canadian courts may increase as a result.
_	In 2007, Martin H. Malin wrote in the context of pre-dispute employment arbitration agreements that the concern that "rogue arbitration agencies" could "place competitive pressure on AAA and JAMS to deviate from their rules and policies" was "not a widespread problem," in part due to the reputations of AAA and JAMS.
_	Many MLB scouts along with coaches worry about drafting or recruiting players that are using performance-enhancing drugs with the concern that they won't be the same player after they arrive.
_	This tentative validation of the results was motivated by the concern that the new president was a puppet for Rajoelina, as well as the allegations by Robinson of massive electoral fraud after losing the runoff despite a wide lead over his opponent in the first round.
_	These conditions and symptoms may be from previous back injury, but the evidence of IVD injuries raises the concern that astronauts are at an increased risk of intervertebral disc damage during loading scenarios experienced during exploration missions (re-entry to a gravitational field and activities on planetary surfaces).
_	Illustrating the concern that the Americans had, the telegram stated, "Situation critical in Manila.
_	TOW-2A was the first to use tandem warheads in the mid-1980s, an aspect of the weapon which the US Army had to reveal under news media and Congressional pressure resulting from the concern that NATO antitank missiles were ineffective against Soviet tanks that were fitted with the new ERA boxes.
_	John Hudson, writing in "The Atlantic Wire", has raised the concern that from a semantic perspective, the term "Disposition Matrix" sanitizes and perhaps obscures the more descriptive phrase "kill list".
_	Critics charged that Bromell and the union were amassing a war chest in order to target political opponents, and raised the concern that police officers could offer special privilege (such as disregarding minor traffic infractions, etc.) to people whose cars bore the stickers.
_	This clock mechanism never needed to be wound by hand and this eliminated the concern that someone may forget to wind the clock.
_	Income differences between North and South is the concern that third world cares most.
_	Finally, the concern that the ḥijāb is being promoted for commercial rather than religious reasons is a live one.
_	He expressed the concern that, under some states' laws, casting a provisional ballot at the wrong precinct would disfranchise voters who could have cast valid ballots had they been redirected to the proper precinct.
_	Arguably this last consideration, the concern that Dantan was too commercial and too populistic, is among the most fascinating questions about the artist.
_	The development of relativistic dynamics is motivated in part by the concern that "Hypothesis I" was too restrictive.
_	Some of the reasons for the rejection of Hasidic Judaism were the overwhelming exuberance of Hasidic worship, their untraditional ascriptions of infallibility and alleged miracle-working to their leaders, and the concern that it might become a messianic sect.
_	Commentators note that these initiatives started directly after the collapse of the Cold War, raising the concern that this was simply a diversion of the military-industrial complex away from a funding area which was shrinking and into a richer previously civilian arena.
_	Only the molecules that bind to the proteins in solution exhibit this change in absorption, which eliminates the concern that unbound molecules of the dye might contribute to the experimentally obtained absorption reading.
_	The focus of the initiative is to collect, preserve, and share software that is across cultural heritage, industry, education, science, and research communities, with the concern that software that is made up of technical and scientific knowledge will be lost without preservation.
_	The contributions of the 'nativist' ethnographies produced by Tawfiq Canaan and other Palestinian writers and published in "The Journal of the Palestine Oriental Society" (1920–48) were driven by the concern that the "native culture of Palestine", and in particular peasant society, was being undermined by the forces of modernity.
_	In opposition, the federal government cited the concern that an adverse ruling could expose it to massive liability for its nationwide flood control efforts.
_	The 555th was deployed to the Pacific Northwest of the United States in response to the concern that forest fires were being set by the Japanese military using long-range incendiary balloons.
_	The fear of miscegenation that followed responds to the concern that the offspring of racial interbreeding would result in the dilution of the European race.
_	Experts warn about the dangers of virtual reality, and compare the use of virtual reality (both in its current and future form) to the use of drugs, bringing with these comparisons the concern that, like drugs, users could possibly become addicted to virtual reality.
_	The company also claimed that a poll they carried out a day before the election gave the Conservatives 37% and Labour 31%, though they said they did not release the poll (commissioned by the "Daily Mirror") on the concern that it was too much of an outlier with other poll results.
_	Australia has always placed an important emphasis on security in the South Pacific because of the concern that Australia's security could be undermined by anarchy in these states, or by them falling under the control of potentially hostile governments (Wainwright & White 2004: 14).
_	Made popular by North Carolina's "Bathroom Bill", it brought up the concern that by allowing individuals to use the bathroom that corresponds to the gender they identify as, predators could easily enter bathrooms and take advantage of individuals claiming that they identify as the gender the bathroom is.
_	Who shares his thoughts on various subjects, generally related to contemporary life in Romania such as Traian Băsescu being elected president, alcohol and drug abuse in high school, the concern that his financial income is very limited as a Romanian hip hop artist and describes the next day, March 8th, as an opportunity for materialist women to show their flaws.
_	The focus on people in low- and middle-income countries comes from the concern that these countries face the highest risk of death and injury in natural disasters, due to poor building code enforcement, poor urban planning, and no local technical skills to manage high risk.
_	To address the concern that a single DAM program might want to work with different back-end databases, Apple used a second system known as the Data Access Language (DAL), which was a variant of SQL that included additional flow-control and data manipulation instructions.
_	Commentators such as George Monbiot have voiced the concern that the amended Act effectively "allows the police to ban any campaign they please", and that it has been used to prosecute peaceful protestors.
_	Radios were confiscated because of the concern that people would listen to international news about the war, then were replaced with domestic radios "sealed to the Pyongyang wavelength."
_	Some analysts have also voiced the concern that the strategy relies too heavily on physical security issues and ignores the role that ideology, nationalism, and other belief systems play in fomenting insurgency in the first place.
_	This leads to the concern that the longer military-first ideology guides the North Korean government, the less likely it will be that the United States will be able to convince North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons programme.
_	Kierkegaard mentioned the concern that awoke his conscience in this Upbuilding Discourses and came to the conclusion that the power of forgiveness is a good and perfect gift from God.
_	A March 19, 2012 FTC ruling appears to address the concern that major corporations using "translator" stations as LPFMs, originating programming that could otherwise only have been heard on AM or on a proprietary digital radio system called HD Radio.
_	Corbera & Schroeder raise the concern that Indigenous and forest-dependent individuals could lose rights to their forest resources upon implementation.
_	In Japan, customs officials raised the concern that Blanc had not had a proper work permit on his earlier visit to Tokyo.
_	Soon after DFC's publication, Ian Harvey raised the concern that reduction modulo a 65-bit number was beyond the native capabilities of most platforms, and that careful implementation would be required to protect against side-channel attacks, especially timing attacks.
_	In December 2001, a Fox News report raised the concern that wiretapping equipment provided by Comverse Infosys to the U.S. government for electronic eavesdropping may have been vulnerable, as these systems allegedly had a back door through which the wiretaps could be intercepted by unauthorized parties.
_	They answer to the concern that no divinity should be omitted from praise.
_	Such characterizations have led to the concern that parents may allow their children to play these games, not realizing that there are still some elements of violence including violent deaths.
_	Republicans, people with the insurance industry, and employer groups have discussed the concern that the availability of a public plan would make it difficult for private insurers to compete.
_	The Augustinian theodicy is a response to the evidential problem of evil, which raises the concern that if God is omnipotent and omnibenevolent, there should be no evil in the world.
_	However, Buster Douglas distanced himself from the "Desert Fox" label no later than 1985 because of clarification from his promotional team and the concern that he might be confused with Syrian boxer Ghiath Tayfour.
_	To alleviate concerns that NAFTA, the first regional trade agreement between a developing country and two developed countries, would have negative environmental impacts, the commission was mandated to conduct ongoing "ex post" environmental assessment, It created one of the first "ex post" frameworks for environmental assessment of trade liberalization, designed to produce a body of evidence with respect to the initial hypotheses about NAFTA and the environment, such as the concern that NAFTA would create a "race to the bottom" in environmental regulation among the three countries, or that NAFTA would pressure governments to increase their environmental protections.
_	The reduction in capacity has threatened the flood control capability of the dam, with the concern that the emergency spillway may become inadequate to pass high flood flows as the reservoir loses its capability to retain them.
_	Some psychiatrists raise the concern that evolutionary psychologists seek to explain hidden adaptive advantages without engaging the rigorous empirical testing required to back up such claims.
_	While the bow was broken from the impact with the sea floor, the overall condition of the wreck was thought to be quite good, giving rise to the concern that she could still hold her liquid cargo.
_	Rep. Sanford Bishop expressed the concern that this could make the VA a less desirable place to work.
_	While grandeur was surely an essential motive in these nuclear developments, another was the concern that the U.S., involved in an unpopular and costly war in Vietnam, would hesitate to intervene in Europe should the Soviet Union decide to invade.
_	During this first period constant Lopez lead the government knew relatively peaceful despite the concern that exists in the national context for the struggle between federalists and centralists.
_	The medical profession suggested that many inmates of insane asylums could be safely released but for the concern that they would procreate.
_	The PTAR was instated over the concern that the three major television networks (ABC, CBS, and NBC) dominated the television program production market, controlled much of the programming presented to the public, and inhibited the development of competing program sources.
_	In mid-2013, Gatto pushed for an audit of the Child Protective Services departments in the state of California, based on the concern that they were not spotting child abuse fast enough.
_	It also raised the concern that a 1000-horsepower streetcar may be unnecessarily powerful and proposed a solution used in the Riga version, which has only three out of four bogies driven.
_	Chief among these was the concern that the construction of excess hospital capacity would cause competitors in an over-saturated field to cover the costs of a diluted patient pool by over-charging, or by convincing patients to accept hospitalization unnecessarily.
_	Also, there was the concern that this was a purely recreational unnecessary project and not for flood control.
_	At this time, some naval officers expressed the concern that the British were reading at least some of the naval codes as the Royal Navy seemed to have a suspicious ability to know where German ships were, but Raeder dismissed these concerns.
_	The stated reason behind the “need” for this act has long been the concern that reporting incidents of suicide could prompt vulnerable individuals to copy the action.
_	The second strand was inspired by Leo Apostel, and is grounded in the concern that disciplinary worldviews are becoming increasingly fragmented, thus undermining the potential for the inter-disciplinary and trans-disciplinary work required to address the world's pressing social, cultural and economic problems.
_	This second option was backed by Stalin due to the concern that the German "scorched earth" policy might devastate this region if the Red Army did not advance fast enough.
_	Mariana, overwhelmed by the concern that she can develop a hereditary mental illness, decides to leave her husband and son to make them avoid the pain of seeing her suffering.
_	In this paper, Hamilton addresses the concern that leaving the regulation of elections to the Union may favor only an elite, small class of people.
_	In the statement, the White House expresses the concern that small local businesses are disadvantaged because they collect state sales tax in comparison to large online retailers who do not.
_	The question had been raised before and not all Jewish authorities were in favor of the change because of the concern that the insignia might be considered "holy"—"even mildly holy"—because of the presence of Hebrew writing.
_	This refers to the concern that "transsexual" implies something to do with sexuality, when it is actually about gender identity.
_	Despite the concern that PUBG Corporation and Tencent were taking with Chinese release, a large number of clones of "Battlegrounds" have come out in China already, and created a new genre there called "chicken-eating game", named based on the congratulatory line to the last player standing in "Battlegrounds", "Winner winner chicken dinner".
_	Raising the concern that the loss of one member in a GRC would result in voters receiving only a portion of the representation they had a constitutional right to, he said:
_	To address the concern that a better foundation should be provided for the analysis and composition of software not just in terms of its packaging but in terms of the various concerns these packages addressed, an explicit organization of the material was developed in terms of a multi-dimensional “matrix” in which concerns are related to the software units that implement them.
_	The Bermudian parliament's prior reluctance to the creation of such units was partly due to the concern that social unrest might result from creating either racially segregated or integrated units, and partly due to fears that it would be saddled with the entire cost of the military defences.
_	The fear incited by such threats as well as the concern that no one will believe them or that no one really cares can successfully silence women.
_	Due to the statements of Croatian negotiators, Slovenian politicians have also presented the concern that without a territorial connection to international waters, Croatia could limit "harmless passage" to its ports (contrary to international agreements and practice); this would complicate Slovenia's sovereignty at sea and could cause economic damage.
_	This complex mixture gave rise to the concern that thousands of residents and workers in the area would be exposed to known hazards in the air and in the dust, such as asbestos, lead, glass fibers, and pulverized concrete.
_	Also, related to this issue is the concern that these dualisms often become gendered in our culture.
_	The discussion that night revolved around the concern that no bar association in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts was speaking out on issues affecting women and women lawyers.
_	Within the agenda was also the concern that a Federal mandate giving women the vote would re-open the issue of voting rights for citizens of color.
_	It is not a moral imperative," referencing the concern that such a system would enable a user to build an entire DVD library by merely copying rented or borrowed DVDs.
_	This decision has been controversial, with some Pakistanis welcoming the decision, while others criticising it, with the concern that declaring Holi a public holiday advertises a Hindu festival to Pakistani children.
_	The Fed paused raising interest rates because of the concern that an accelerating downturn in the housing market could undermine the overall economy, just as the crash of the dot-com bubble in 2000 contributed to the subsequent recession.
_	Thus the concern that liberalization would lead to "disorder" that the conservatives spoke about was often a veiled or transparent fear of race war.
_	This mitigates the concern that color-blind pilots may not be able to identify those colors required for the performance of safe airman duties by preventing situations that are considered potentially unsafe.
_	She raised the concern that very little progress had been made nationally on First Nations’ issues since the 2012 First Nations-Crown Gathering but that there are solutions.
_	This was somewhat radical, as during the first centuries of the republic, as per the Valerian and Porcian laws, several citizens had been executed for distributing free grain to the poor, under the concern that they were plotting to win popular support in order to overthrow the government and seize a tyranny.
_	There was also the concern that drought could impair the upper basin's ability to deliver the required past Lee's Ferry per year as stipulated by the compact.
_	Heightened interest in such projects reflects the concern that internationally negotiated reductions in carbon emissions may be insufficient to stem climate change.
_	In a signed letter, they expressed the concern that "the participation of the Church of England may give the additional impression that Roman Catholics are the only religious body which defend the full Catholic Faith."
_	The Geo D. Whitcomb Company was founded by George Dexter Whitcomb (1834–1914), of Chicago, Illinois, who started a modest machine shop in 1878, and began the manufacture of coal mining machinery, laying the foundation for the concern that became known as The Whitcomb Locomotive Company.
_	The growing criticism raised the concern that if zero risk was required in public health research then many problems could not be rigorously addressed, leaving the public collectively at risk.
_	Opponents raised the concern that the bill could cause the USA to lose its leadership position in innovation, particularly as a result of the adverse impact on small companies, who were unrepresented in the negotiations leading up to this bill.
_	Some of this criticism grows out of the concern that biocentrism is an anti-human paradigm and that it will not hesitate to sacrifice human well-being for the greater good.
_	He told reporters, "the vice president expressed the concern that a review of what happened on September 11 would take resources and personnel away from the effort in the war on terrorism.
_	More importantly, perhaps, is the concern that the "ungainly" bridge would destroy a historical cultural section of major significance within the Mosel wine region.
_	In 1933 the American Workers Party had initially formed as a separate organization from the Trotskyist Communist League of America (CLA) partly out of the concern that the CLA did not have a strong base in American politics.
_	Local environmental groups expressed the concern that TCA may acquire Los Patrones in the future in order to extend the 241.
_	An investigation into Bulgartabac’s alleged role the incident, led by Bulgarian Finance Minister Simeon Dyankov, concluded that the cigarette manufacturer was not responsible but raised the concern that Bulgartabac did not have risk management systems in place to responsibly combat illicit traffic.
_	The purpose of the small school is to allow personalization of instruction, due to the concern that students may become academically lost in a large, or augmented, campus.
_	In his autobiography, he later expressed the concern that he had about having been more of a figurehead while NL president, but also said that he managed to accomplish some of the goals that he originally had when he took the job.
_	Many contemporary reviews were complimentary about the production although some expressed the concern that it was not suitable for younger viewers.
_	Addressing the concern that Madison's sports facilities were insufficient, the city council began efforts to establish a new athletic field in 1922.
_	After the Internal Revenue received many reports of the fraudulent re-use of revenue stamps, typically with cancellation ink washed or otherwise removed from the face of the stamp, a letter of May 31, 1867 from government officials in Wall Street was sent to Internal Revenue commissioner E.A. Rollins expressing the concern that ""The U.S. government loses thousands of dollars daily by stamps being used a second time.""
_	1992 and 1995 chemical analyses of the soil at Grauerort revealed significant concentrations of, among others, PCNs, TNT, RDX, and cadmium up to a depth of 3 m, raising the concern that hazardous substances could leach into the local groundwater supply.
_	Over the 2004-2006 period a number of financial or finite reinsurance transactions attracted regulatory scrutiny, notably from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, due to the concern that their primary result was to distort and manage accounting presentation rather than to transfer risk.
_	Adding to the worries of Nicholas I was the concern that Austria would enter the war against the Russians and attack his armies on the western flank.
_	Much of the concern that is presented with nuclear power is not strictly on the effects of normal operations, but to those that might be created by illicit activities directed towards nuclear installations or materials.
_	The Bill was also sufficiently widely drawn to allow the nationalisation of any financial institution, leading to the concern that other banks may be in financial difficulty.
_	"We still have the concern that they are degrading the natural environment - as much as they'll create 10 new jobs full-time they'll degrade the tourism and recreation appeal of that area.
_	The primary reason at that time for the introduction of a common environmental policy was the concern that diverse environmental standards could result in trade barriers and competitive distortions in the Common Market.
_	The first development was due to Ervin Laszlo himself, and is grounded in the concern that the way in which global resources are exploited does not take global systemic effects into account, and appears likely to have catastrophic global consequences.
_	Members of the public expressed the concern that the exhibits not whitewash the truth about the civil rights movement in Mississippi.
_	The population census from 1986 was at 630-875 individuals decreased to 300 animals in 1995 creating the concern that inbreeding could become a problem in the population.
_	The Council stated its international responsibility over Namibia, noting that 1985 marked the 40th anniversary of the founding of the United Nations, as well as the 25th anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, expressing the concern that the question of Namibia had yet to be resolved.
_	The system design of the nuclear power plants built in the late 1960s raised questions of operational safety, and raised the concern that a severe reactor accident could release large quantities of radioactive materials into the atmosphere and environment.
_	His view did not focus on State control as much as the concern that a new relationship was needed between the State and the rank-and-file workers.
_	The story follows an experienced hunter who is excited to receive his latest mission, but is faced with the concern that something is seriously wrong with the assignment.
_	In this situation, the 6mm Lee bullet may have overpenetrated without causing sufficient shock and trauma to the enemy, a situation which the Chief of the Bureau of Naval Ordnance had foreseen as early as 1895, when he acknowledged the concern that "the wounds produced by small-caliber bullets will frequently not be sufficient to put the wounded out of action and their shock will not stop the onset of excited men at short range".
_	Venice had always held the concern that every inch of land is valuable, because of the canals running through the city.
_	In the late 1930s, war was seen as a possibility, if not likely, and a sizeable rearmament programme began, probably also activated by the concern that a large proportion of the arsenal was becoming obsolete.
_	By the year of the hospital's rebuilding in 1903 the concerns over bed space remained: an article in the British Medical Journal raised the concern that the Waterloo site left little room for extension.
_	This proximity to midnight of the Doomsday Clock during the early 1950s shows the concern that the "Bulletin" contributors had about the Soviet Union and the arms race.
_	In 2012, wildlife officials in Thailand expressed the concern that a new "taste" for elephant meat consumption could pose a risk to their survival.
_	When Rama was tasting them, Lakshmana raised the concern that Shabari had already tasted them and were, therefore, unworthy of being eaten.
_	These political tensions raised the concern that some food and medical supplies might become unusable, even before the Burmese junta officially accepted the international relief effort.
_	There was the concern that Catholic families, having moved to other areas, would not send their boys to the school.
_	The primary point of contention between Hamilton and Brutus was in the concern that judges would substitute their will for the plain text of the Constitution, as exemplified by the Supreme Court's "de facto" revision of the Eleventh Amendment.
_	The ability of viruses to cause devastating epidemics in human societies has led to the concern that viruses could be weaponised for biological warfare.
_	Victor Rothwell writes that the knowledge of his having misled the House of Commons in this way must have hung over him thereafter, as was the concern that the US Administration might demand that Britain pay reparations to Egypt.
_	Valuation risk refers to the concern that the net asset value of investments may be inaccurate; capacity risk can arise from placing too much money into one particular strategy, which may lead to fund performance deterioration; and concentration risk may arise if a fund has too much exposure to a particular investment, sector, trading strategy, or group of correlated funds.
_	A UN spokesperson expressed the concern that such a decision "will have a negative impact on the ability of civil society to operate freely and without fear.".
_	Because of the presence of unstable Leda clay in the geology of the site, a tall tower that was situated at the front of the building had to be taken down in 1915 due to settling and the concern that the foundation could not support the weight.
_	To Leblanc, he expressed the concern that most of those working at "Tintin" were better illustrators than storytellers.
_	Gruber identifies one omission: the concern that major investments in clean technology parallel those made during the Internet boom, with the attendant fear that there "may be a bubble burst with clean tech".
_	Well-versed in the culture of the Austrian parliamentary system and an orderly approach to government, they looked upon the socialist revolutionary attitude of their Kiev-based peers with some dismay and with the concern that the social unrest in the East would spread to Galicia.
_	A recently leaked document has raised the concern that the initiative has drifted away from its initial aims of fighting the illegal activities and online terrorism.
_	This brings up the concern that minority communities are more prone to risks of obesity due to financial limitations.
_	Following the attempt by the dengue vaccination maker Sanofi Pasteur on November 29, 2017, the Philippine Department of Health (DOH) suspended the vaccination program based in schools owing to the concern that it worsens the disease in some cases where the recipient had no previous exposure.
_	The driving issue at that time that spurred the group to organize was the concern that national networks were releasing presidential election results before all polls had closed.
_	In 1984, he decided to retire from the House in order to run for the U.S. Senate, complaining in his House farewell address that "Special interests have replaced the concern that the Founders had for general welfare...
_	We heard loud and clear during the negotiations the concerns about "automaticity" and "hidden triggers" – the concern that on a decision so crucial we should not rush into military action; that on a decision so crucial any Iraqi violations should be discussed by the Council.
_	Although dry needling originally utilized only hypodermic needles due to the concern that solid needles had neither the strength or tactile feedback that hypodermic needles provided and that the needle could be deflected by "dense contraction knots", those concerns have proven unfounded and many healthcare practitioners who perform dry needling have found that the acupuncture needles not only provides better tactile feedback but also penetrate the "dense muscle knots" better and are easier to manage and caused less discomfort to patients.
_	Some of the reasons for the rejection of Hasidic Judaism were the exuberance of Hasidic worship, its deviation from tradition in ascribing infallibility and miracles to their leaders, and the concern that it might become a messianic sect.
_	This brought to light the concern that oil is a limited resource that will eventually run out, at least as an economically viable energy source.
_	In Niger, a PPA found that the poor see education only as a seventh priority for poverty reduction due to "the concern that what children learn had little relevance to getting people out of poverty".
_	After a prolonged absence, Stalin sent a telegram expressing the concern that Eisenstein had become a deserter.
_	Due to the concern that stingless bee keeping is going extinct, the possibility of negative effects resulting from the impact of competition from feral African Apis mellifera, over-harvesting, failure to transfer colonies to hives or divide them, deforestation, hurricane damage and lack of instruction and incentive for new stingless bee keepers has been postulated and explored.
_	The idea to establish SEAFO came from Namibia in 1995 because of the concern that certain commercially valuable straddling fish stocks required better protection to avoid compromising their potential in Namibian waters as a result of unsustainable fishing practices on the adjacent high seas.
_	One of the reasons for the support of the Agency for Cultural Affairs is the concern that more of the Japanese animation process is being outsourced overseas—thus leading to a decline in opportunities to teach animation techniques within Japan.
_	According to Nikita Khrushchev, after the fall of France in May, Joseph Stalin expressed the concern that Adolf Hitler would 'beat our brains in'.
_	The most pronounced effect of temperature in liquid is convection, which raised the concern that the apparent thermotactic response could have been a reflection of a passive drift in the liquid current or a rheotactic response to the current (rather than to the temperature gradient per se).
_	After interviewing China scholars, journalists and CI directors, a writer for "The Diplomat" also found little support for the concern that CIs would serve as propaganda vehicles, though some of her sources did note that they would face constraints in their curriculum on matters such as Tibet and human rights.
_	We heard loud and clear during the negotiations the concerns about "automaticity" and "hidden triggers" - the concern that on a decision so crucial we should not rush into military action; that on a decision so crucial any Iraqi violations should be discussed by the Council.
