_	If the majority was always right, we reach the conclusion that minorities (in a jury setting) do not have influence at all, this is not the case.
_	Studying various words of Ryukyu and Japan used in days gone by, he came to the conclusion that Okinawa and Japan share the same mother tongue.
_	In consequence of Ezekiel's letter Sir Rose Price made further researches, and came to the conclusion that the Jews were not yet prepared to adopt the Christian faith.
_	Whatever may be the date of the introduction of the worm, its geographical distribution at present day, and the fact species first introduced was a multivoltine, seem to me to lead to the conclusion that the insect was first introduced into India from the north-east (i.e. Assam)"".
_	He is scared at first but after the initial confusion, Ian comes to the conclusion that the previous day must have been a dream.
_	Other studies have examined data on violent video games and crime trends more closely and have come to the conclusion that the release of very popular violent video games are causally associated with corresponding declines in violent crime in the short term.
_	Alcamo presented the conclusion that there was no reasonable basis for Galloway and Gill to have gone to Bickham's home later, at 2:10 am.
_	Robert Baker writing in the "Skeptical Inquirer" came to the conclusion that Brown's beliefs from remote viewing about alien civilizations is a case of self-deception.
_	Some Christian fundamentalists believe that the King James Version is the only version of the Bible English speakers should use due to the conclusion that corruptions are present in the other translations.
_	Though the work was critically acclaimed, it came to the conclusion that the allies had lost the Crimean War, which most historians conclude is not true.
_	In Lamont Cole's classic 1954 paper, he came to the conclusion that:
_	The Kerry Committee report came to the conclusion that "senior U.S. policy makers were not immune to the idea that drug money was a perfect solution to the Contra's funding problems."
_	This inevitably led them to the conclusion that it would be best to design an all steel car to run in the new tunnels.
_	Also the former board of directors of MYC4 Foundation came to the conclusion that there was no reason to maintain the MYC4 Foundation as an independent institution with its cost structure as the obtainable debt collections is coming to an end.
_	Assessing the causes of wars, she came to the conclusion that "war is the inevitable outcome of the capitalist organization."
_	He is assigned to investigate, and thanks to a survivor from a recent attack by the White Whale, he comes to the conclusion that Ahab is on the hunt for Moby Dick.
_	As Wicca developed in the latter decades of the twentieth century, some of the figures who were researching its origins, such as Aidan Kelly and later Leo Ruickbie, came to the conclusion that the New Forest coven was simply a fictional invention of Gardner's to provide a historical basis for his faith.
_	Research on the genes CHD1L and PRKAB2 within lymphoblast cells lead to the conclusion that anomalies appear with the 1q21.1 deletion syndrome:
_	After returning from GenCon 2010, where she had attended a game designer seminar, Miller came to the conclusion that a new superhero RPG would have a better chance to win fans and critical approval if it did not include a prefabricated game world to play in.
_	In the former poem, it is easy to jump to the conclusion that this is a poem about a pair of lovers.
_	After just one brief conversation with Kosenko, specialists from the Serbsky Center made a highly questionable diagnosis and the conclusion that Kosenko "presented a danger to himself and others" and "required compulsory treatment."
_	In Part 1 of Jackson's draft concurrence in "Brown", he wrote that he went to school where, "Negro pupils were very few" and that he was "predisposed to the conclusion that segregation elsewhere has outlived whatever justification it may have had."
_	Hyde Gene resumed his true form once more in order to destroy the Boukengers, after coming to the conclusion that Earth's beings are unfit for absorbing, and decided to destroy the planet before leaving to find another planet with superior life that can be assimilated without trouble.
_	This brought Pinedo et al. to the conclusion that BcBOT5 is probably responsible for introducing the acetyl group on C-4.
_	In autumn of 2010, specialists from the anti-virus company ESET conducted research to determine the source of the attack and drew the conclusion that the attack was made with use of the botnet Festi.
_	In order to uphold an affirmative action program under strict scrutiny, there must exist a "strong basis in evidence" of past discrimination by the specific entity to support the conclusion that remedial action is necessary.
_	The family come to the conclusion that in 1986, Allison Perkins kidnapped Natalie and replaced her with Jessica.
_	Indeed, studies conducted in the past by the World Bank lead to the conclusion that for certain types of projects, such as those developed in the telecommunications sector, it is preferable that the sub-Saharan African countries should partner with private investors.
_	Bazard, after remaining for some time in obscurity in Paris, came to the conclusion that the ends of those who wished well to the people would be most easily attained, not through political agitation, but by effecting a radical change in their social condition.
_	Mary's biographers, such as Antonia Fraser, Alison Weir, and John Guy, have come to the conclusion that either the documents were complete forgeries, or incriminating passages were inserted into genuine letters, or that the letters were written to Bothwell by some other person or by Mary to some other person.
_	The town of South Park discontinues using their "What would Jesus do?" bracelets after learning that traces of performance-enhancing drugs and other illicit substances were found on the Shroud of Turin, leading to the conclusion that Jesus did not suffer for humanity's sins or perform miracles of his own ability, but was merely under the influence of drugs.
_	The squadron eventually comes to the conclusion that President Coin had deliberately sent Peeta to Katniss' squad in hopes that he will go mad and kill her because Coin sees Katniss as a political rival.
_	Arrian mentions a quarrel with Alexander's secretary Eumenes but, because of a missing page in the text, the greater part of the detail is missing, leaving only the conclusion that something persuaded Hephaestion, though against his will, to make up the quarrel.
_	Out of the four official examinations into the Kennedy Assassination, Wecht is the only forensic pathologist who has disagreed with the conclusion that both the single bullet theory and Kennedy’s head wounds are mutually consistent.
_	The mention of descent through the female line in the ruling families of the Picts in later sources and the recurrence of leaders clearly from outside of Pictish society, has led to the conclusion that their system of descent was matrilineal.
_	The existence of Thracian population allows the conclusion that the settlement existed before the Roman conquest and belonged to the ancient Edonis.
_	After rulling out that it was a part of Miss Quill's plan and deciding that they are not in space, they come to the conclusion that something came out of a crack in space and time.
_	In 1999, benchmarks comparing the Intel 840 and Intel 820 RDRAM chipsets with the Intel 440BX SDRAM chipset led to the conclusion that the performance gain of RDRAM did not justify its cost over SDRAM except for use in workstations.
_	The division was disbanded, along with the 3rd and 4th Cavalry Division, in 1929 and 1930 upon the orders of Pilsudski, who had come to the conclusion that cavalry was outdated.
_	Mensch disagreed publicly with Tom Watson and Paul Farrelly, two Labour members of the committee, over whether the conclusion that Rupert Murdoch was unfit to run an international company, had been discussed before Watson tabled a Commons amendment on 30 April.
_	His first publication in 1811 was 'A Defence of a Critique of the Hebrew Word Nachash,' London, 8vo, in which he supported the conclusion that Eve was deceived by a serpent and not by an ape, as Adam Clarke had urged in the 'Classical, Biblical, and Oriental Journal.'
_	After much discussion the scholars at Safed came to the conclusion that Maimonides' view was correct, and that there was a pressing need to re-establish the Sanhedrin.
_	Demonstrating that neither the scientific method nor its results require adhering to a scientistic metaphysics, he answers in the negative to the first question, resulting in the conclusion that it is possible to link the scientific method to any underlying ontology, or to none at all.
_	It supported the conclusion that conventional subsurface exploration tools and techniques are adaptable for NGH exploration on the ANS and may also be used to prospect for methane hydrate accumulations in other regions around the globe (More information can be found in NETL's "Energy resource potential of methane hydrates".
_	After Parsons explained that the Lodge was simply "an organization dedicated to religious and philosophical speculation", neither agency found evidence of illegal activity and came to the conclusion that the Lodge constituted no threat to national security.
_	Strachey famously found it "difficult to resist the conclusion that he [Shakespeare] was getting bored himself.
_	These plants further fail to recognize "At"Pep2 and "At"Pep3, distinct homologues of AtPep1, which led Elzbieta Krol to the conclusion that the homologues PEPR1 and PEPR2 control their perception as well.
_	The researchers reached the conclusion that, for a community of people, while food choice which bound by family and household socioeconomic status remained as a personal challenge, social and physical environments played a significant role in stressing and shaping their dietary behaviors.
_	All of the evidence supported the conclusion that Mr. Christie was not of sound mind at the time of his execution of his will.
_	This in turn led to the conclusion that its predators, "Compsognathus", must have had sharp vision and the ability to rapidly accelerate and outrun the lizard.
_	Umberto Eco (1976), a distinguished Italian semiotician, came to the conclusion that "if signs can be used to tell the truth, they can also be used to lie".
_	She comes to the conclusion that her parents might have actually kidnapped her.
_	Anderson briefly considered moving NCR headquarters away from Dayton, but came to the conclusion that it would be too costly and that an international organisation could be run from anywhere in the world.
_	Discovering that motor axons have both a lower rheobase and a longer strength-duration time constant in ALS has prompted the conclusion that motor neurons are abnormally excitable in ALS, with properties more like those of sensory neurons.
_	He met his sister and her husband on 18 April 1777 at the château de la Muette, and spoke frankly to his brother-in-law, curious as to why the royal marriage had not been consummated, arriving at the conclusion that no obstacle to the couple's conjugal relations existed save the queen's lack of interest and the king's unwillingness to exert himself.
_	But as he digs deeper into the victim's background, and after a second body is found with the same type of head wound he and the Broome police come to the conclusion that there is something more sinister at play.
_	An adjustment of Winter's law, with the conclusion that it operates only on closed syllables, was proposed by Matasović in 1994.
_	The British Ornithologists' Union Records Committee subsequently re-examined the record and came to the conclusion that it should continue to be regarded as acceptable.
_	An inquest came to the conclusion that she committed suicide, but in 2002 an ex-lover of Reggie Kray's came forward to allege that Frances was murdered by a jealous Ronnie.
_	The article "charlatanry in forensic speech science" was a metastudy of lie detector research and came to the conclusion that lie detectors don't work.
_	The ruling government of the semi-independent Cape Colony soon came to the conclusion that Langalibalele had been unjustly sentenced, though much of the Cape's legislature on the other hand remained wary of the Hlubi chief.
_	He came to the conclusion that a constructive dialogue should be opened up between academic and alternative archaeologists.
_	By the early 1960s, Leggol had come to the conclusion that if any help was going to be given to these children, she would have to be the one to start it.
_	The "prodromoi", are sometimes referred to as "sarissophoroi", "pikemen" or "lancers", which leads to the conclusion that they sometimes were armed with an uncommonly long xyston (believed to be 14 ft long), though certainly not an infantry pike.
_	They came to the conclusion that their bishop was paid huge sums of money and a luxury car for this.
_	Rudd used a blogpost on his website on 20 May 2013 to announce: "I have come to the conclusion that church and state can have different positions and practices on the question of same sex marriage.
_	In the applicable enfeoffment documents, until the mid 14th century, a note appeared stating that the enfeoffment’s origin was Verdun, but by the late 14th century, this note was being left out, leading to the conclusion that by this time, Verdun’s ownership rights no longer meant very much.
_	Analysis led to the conclusion that CPT-1980 is the largest theropod tooth ever discovered in Spain.
_	Greenberg periodically revisited the voters of Macomb County as a barometer of public opinion until he conducted a 2008 exit poll that found "nearly 60 percent" of Macomb County voters were comfortable' with Mr. Obama", drawing the conclusion that Macomb County had "become normal and uninteresting" and "illustrates America's evolving relationship with race".
_	Recent detailed anatomical and morphometric studies come to the conclusion that "Pelorovis" is probably not monophyletic.
_	The excavated cemeteries and nearby settlements, their grave goods and the geographical position of that area (at the easternmost border of early dynastic Egypt), lead archaeologists and Eyptologists to the conclusion that Minshat Abu Omar was an important economic and strategic place.
_	Since we have reached the conclusion that the delinquency reclassifications here are invalid for the separate and independent reasons that (1) they violate the constitutional procedural due process guarantees of the Fifth and Sixth Amendments, and (2) they lack statutory authorization, we find it unnecessary to advert to the plaintiffs' contention that the reclassifications violate their First Amendment rights.
_	They came to the conclusion that the canal would require less than an eighteenth of the water passing through the local streams, which would still leave enough water flow for local mills.
_	I didn't have a complete understanding and a lot of times it was easy to come to the conclusion that you place blame on the person or accuse them of weakness or ask, "Why couldn't Kurt [Cobain] keep it together?"
_	Confederate General Robert E. Lee, coming to the conclusion that Early had done all that was practical, ordered Early to return two of his divisions to Richmond and remain to tie up Sheridan.
_	Hayes reaches the conclusion that "the Peronist movement produced a form of fascism that was distinctively Latin American".
_	These examinations led Walsh to the conclusion that the skull was probably carved in the 1930s, and was most likely based on the British Museum skull which had been exhibited fairly continuously from 1898.
_	However, a recent computational study employing density functional theory methods reached the conclusion that as and , diamond becomes "more stable" than graphite by approximately 1.1 kJ/mol.
_	Though his performance received a favourable report – the "Birmingham Mail" described his excellent ball control and felt that "one saw enough of him to justify the conclusion that he understands the defensive duties of a wing half-back equally well" – Birmingham's next game was Wallington's last for the club.
_	These juxtaposing elements have driven archaeological research to the conclusion that Chunchucmil had a commercialized economy, which comes in direct contrast with the "palace economy" structure detailed in the prior section.
_	In 1963, along with Fr. Dalmatius Geurts, deSouza made an analysis of the situation and a feasibility study and came to the conclusion that there was a big demand for skilled craftsmen in Pakistan.
_	I believe I was already sitting there in the vehicle when Thum...told me that in the field which he had returned the equipment...the shot British soldiers were lying in a heap, from which he had come to the conclusion that a summary trial had taken place.
_	After the verdict, Shahzad's defense counsel Satish Tamta said that the court had proposed its own theory while arriving at the conclusion that Shahzad had escaped after shooting at police officers.
_	He came to the conclusion that the main key to solving health problems lay in the mind.
_	Chase puts probability back into the problem description in order to conclude that arguments 1 and 3 are incorrect, argument 2 is correct, while Yi keeps "two envelope problem without probability" completely free of probability, and comes to the conclusion that there are no reasons to prefer any action.
_	At 10:00 am EDT, the executive committee met again to discuss the situation and came to the conclusion that the change in the message was because of internal debate between Khrushchev and other party officials in the Kremlin.
_	Although Maurice Grosse made tape recordings of Janet and believed no trickery was involved, the magician Bob Couttie said, "he made some of the recordings available to me and, having listened to them very carefully, I came to the conclusion that there was nothing in what I had heard that was beyond the capabilities of an imaginative teenager."
_	Based on the above-mentioned German study of 1928, they maintained, "A thorough inquiry has led to the conclusion that the number of 'civilian' deaths traceable to the war was 424,000, to which number must be added about 200,000 deaths caused by the influenza epidemic".
_	He has come to the conclusion that "the Farm" is actually a euphemism for execution, giving him the mistaken impression that the Fables willingly kill their own without reservation.
_	The victim's temperamental brother Lawrence Burrifors arrives at the crime scene and jumps to the conclusion that the girl's lover committed the murder, a man whose name her brother does not know.
_	One of the most common forms of sexual violence around the world is that which is perpetrated by an intimate partner, leading to the conclusion that one of the most important risk factors for people in terms of their vulnerability to sexual assault is being married or cohabiting with a partner.
_	Details about the actual content of the second letter vary, but according to the chroniclers, the messenger who carried the letter to Ludwig had been given the wrong one, and Louis came to the conclusion that his wife had a secret love affair.
_	Stannard's research on the indigenous peoples of North and South America (including Hawaii) has produced the conclusion that Native Americans had undergone the "worst human holocaust the world had ever witnessed, roaring across two continents non-stop for four centuries and consuming the lives of countless tens of millions of people."
_	Further examinations of the house led to the conclusion that Pedersen and her sons had been killed and dismembered.
_	However, Rose's replacement, Rupert Smith, came to the conclusion that UNPROFOR's humanitarian mandate was insufficient.
_	They also came to the conclusion that the Twelfth level intelligence is mentally and socially unstable and that their own Eighth level is the perfect intelligence level needed to function without these problems.
_	In his Foreword to the constitution for Tibet drafted in 1963, the Dalai Lama stated: "Even prior to my departure from Tibet in March 1959, I had come to the conclusion that in the changing circumstances of the modern world, the system of governance in Tibet must be modified and amended so as to allow the elected representatives of the people to play a more effective role in guiding and shaping the social and economic policies of the State.
_	The realization that PRO does not behave exactly like an R-Expression, an anaphor, or a pronoun led to the conclusion that it must be a category in and of itself.
_	In 1999 the Russian Academy of Science carried out an analysis of the manuscript and came to the conclusion that "And Quiet Flows the Don" had been written by Sholokhov himself.
_	If the State had made a reservation to the right in question when acceding to the ICCPR then generally the Committee will respect this, however, in some exceptional cases, they can come to the conclusion that the reservation itself is not acceptable.
_	In his survey of the letters of the Godwins and the Shelleys, Pollin comes to the conclusion that Imlay was not depressive.
_	I came, after careful study of the question, to the conclusion that the Church of England, being purely a national Church, could hardly be considered Catholic and universal, in the sense of its being the Divine teacher of all nations, and that it was in schism …
_	This led to the conclusion that Taipoxin has pre- and postsynaptic effects.
_	Upon realizing that Melanie had bugged his phone when he was not around, Junior came to the conclusion that Melanie was a spy for the Chinese.
_	Certain biblical texts have led some theologians to the conclusion that punishment in hell, though eternal and irrevocable, will be proportional to the deeds of each soul (e.g., , ).
_	Some psychologists have converged on the conclusion that a wide variety of different psychotherapies can be integrated via their common ability to trigger the neurobiological mechanism of memory reconsolidation in such a way as to lead to deconsolidation (Ecker, Ticic & Hulley 2012; Lane et al. 2015; Welling 2012—but for a more hesitant view of the role of memory reconsolidation in psychotherapy see the objections in some of the invited comments in: Lane et al. 2015).
_	As a result of this visit, the developers came to the conclusion that each Buk transporter erector launcher (TEL) should have its own fire control radar, rather than being reliant on one central radar for the whole system as in Kub.
_	Careful analysis of the creationist charges that evolution has led to moral relativism and the Holocaust yields the conclusion that these charges appear to be highly suspect.
_	Trolle and the naval architect Fredrik Henrik af Chapman had both come to the conclusion that small, fast and maneuverable vessels with 60-70 guns were of more use than big, slow, depth-craving ships with 100 guns.
_	Yurco also observes that the only objects from Messuwy's tomb which identified a Pharaoh all named only Merneptah, Seti II's father, which leads to the conclusion that Messuwy died and was buried in his tomb at Aniba, Nubia, during Merneptah's reign, and could not be Amenmesse.
_	After Preece wrote an article for this journal called "Women: A Diatribe" with the conclusion that there was no such thing as an intellectual woman, Howard responded in the next issue with his own article lauding intellectual women from Sappho to the early Gnostics:
_	In prison, Rákosi interrogated Kádár, and came to the conclusion that his confessions were due to his "shortcomings".
_	Polish leaders hoped that after capture of external Swedish positions, Wittenberg would come to the conclusion that his situation was hopeless and capitulate.
_	In the early 1990s, with the removal of Margaret Thatcher from the United Kingdom's Prime Ministerial office by the Tories, and their enactment into law of the Maastricht Treaty, Goldsmith, who up until that time had retained close links with the Conservative Party, came to the conclusion that it was no longer a serious political vehicle to oppose the European Union's advancing power, and that opposition would have to be created within the party political system beyond its current order of the Conservative, Labour and Liberal Democrats parties, all of which supported the United Kingdom's incorporation into the European Union.<br>In consequence, in 1994 Goldsmith founded and financed The Referendum Party in the United Kingdom, modeled upon the "Majorité pour l'autre Europe", with the objective of seeking a referendum for its national withdrawal from the European Union, which would go on to stand candidates in the country's General Election of 1997.
_	The content of the recovered verses are consistent with the ideals of Jainism and have led to the conclusion that this epic is a Jain religious work.
_	When the latest undertaking - protecting a secret embassadorial courier - fails because his undercover guardians are purposefully taken out beforehand, and the courier is subsequently massacred down to his left ear, El Super finally comes to the conclusion that there must be a traitor within the T.I.A.'s ranks.
_	NASA engineers finally came to the conclusion that there were too many files on the file system, which was a relatively minor problem.
_	She studied sociology and criminology at various colleges and came to the conclusion that many of the social problems she saw in her charitable work could be traced to the breakup of families and that the institutions in place for orphans were a poor solution.
_	He arrived at the conclusion that the lack of similarity between the lives of the two persons described in these biographies proves that Armanno and Malo were two different persons.
_	Wraight's remark comes from a scholarly article in which he reasons his way to the conclusion that the three-manual harpsichord in the Deutsches Museum, attributed by Franciolini to Bartolomeo Cristofori, was in fact originally a single-manual instrument built in 1658 by Girolamo Zenti.
_	Pepys immediately draws the conclusion that this will mean the end of Charles's regime and that a revolution is inevitable:
_	The only exception to this among Jewish communities is in the Beta Israel (Ethiopian Jews); a 1999 genetic study came to the conclusion that "the distinctiveness of the Y-chromosome haplotype distribution of Beta Israel Jews from conventional Jewish populations and their relatively greater similarity in haplotype profile to non-Jewish Ethiopians are consistent with the view that the Beta Israel people descended from ancient inhabitants of Ethiopia who converted to Judaism."
_	A majority of modern researchers came to the conclusion that the ancestors of Kyrgyz tribes had their origin in the most ancient tribal unions of Sakas/Scythians, Wusun/Issedones, Dingling, Mongols and Huns.
_	The official investigation at the time determined that he had committed suicide, but later the police came to the conclusion that he had been killed.
_	In a later playtest by Siliconera comparing the two handheld video game console versions of the game at the time, "Itadaki Street Portable" and Nintendo DS iteration of the series, and came to the conclusion that ""Itadaki Street Portable" is really best for mature gamers with a lot of friends who live nearby and are willing to also invest in a copy to play.
_	Free market economist Milton Friedman states that he initially agreed with the underlying principles of antitrust laws (breaking up monopolies and oligopolies and promoting more competition), but that he came to the conclusion that they do more harm than good.
_	At the end of the episode, Michael comes to the conclusion that he wants to live with both of his family members.
_	Results from other studies have come to the conclusion that egocentrism does not present itself in some of the same patterns as it was found originally.
_	He came to the conclusion that virulence tends to remain especially high in waterborne and vector-borne infections, such as cholera and Dengue.
_	Nardini sought divine guidance, and came to the conclusion that a local community of Sisters would have to be established to keep the works of charity in his parish going.
_	In 2014, "The Economist" used the statistics compiled by the organisation to analyse 'peak times' for UFO reports, drawing the conclusion that most reports came during the hours during which people were most likely to be intoxicated.
_	He had probably come to the conclusion that he could accomplish nothing in a city with an Armenian majority unless he first got rid of the three Dashnak leaders.
_	It was Vertue who jumped to the conclusion that John of Padua designed Somerset House and Longleat, Burroughs, the Master of Caius College, had told Gray: "That it was from the similitude of style in those buildings and in the "four gates" of Keys College, he had imagined the latter to be also the work of John of Padua, and this was all the proof he had of it.
_	From these suggestions, he draws the conclusion that myth can be broken down into constituent units, and these units are different from the constituents of language.
_	However, he came to the conclusion that they were kindred spirits inspired by a similar disaster in their lives, and duplicated Batman's costume and equipment as an homage - to the extent that he began training his own "Robin", who went on to become the second Wrath.
_	Although some other linguists disagree with some details of Blust's analysis, a broad consensus has coalesced around the conclusion that the Austronesian languages originated in Taiwan.
_	The remnants of a Jewish synagogue excavated in Stobi (Macedonia) date back to that period and the conclusion that a developed Jewish Community existed in that locality those days is based on these findings.
_	Although he does not offer any concrete proof, through analyses of New Testament documents he arrived at the conclusion that the true identity of Jesus corresponded to that of one of the son of Judas of Galilee.
_	During excavation work several graves were unearthed, leading to the conclusion that there was once a Roman settlement in what is now Welgesheim’s municipal area.
_	Under the open world assumption, if a statement cannot be proven to be true with current knowledge, we cannot draw the conclusion that the statement is false.
_	However, when the doll later begins engaging him in a more elaborate conversation, he comes to the conclusion that Annabelle is playing a trick to get back at him for his treatment of Christie.
_	Coming to the conclusion that she had little choice but to trust him, Snow was the first to allow the Wolf to taste her flesh.
_	Lordships have come to the conclusion that the word "persons" in sec. 24 includes members both of the male and female sex and that, therefore, ... women are eligible to be summoned to and become members of the Senate of Canada, and they will humbly advise His Majesty accordingly.
_	Through a series of events, Brennan and Clay came to the conclusion that they wanted to create music together and recruited Clay's brother Kyle to play drums and their friend Jimmie Getty to play bass.
_	During an examination at the local hospital the doctor comes to the conclusion that Cassie only has some scratches and not even a concussion, but Cassie has lost her memory due to the accident.
_	This study revealed a similar phenomenon but over a lower temperature range, data that support the conclusion that weak effects such as crystal packing environments can affect SCO as well.
_	While authorities in some countries claim that there is not enough evidence of the fact that asylum seekers have been persecuted, some international experts counter that evidence that The Church of Almighty God is persecuted as a movement is enough to support the conclusion that members would face serious risks should they return to China, and decisions unfavorable to applicants are not justified.
_	Scheuer explains more fully in the revised edition of his 2002 book the exhaustive study of the evidence of Iraq-al-Qaeda cooperation that eventually led him to the conclusion that there was no relationship between the two forces:
_	He accepted the Paracelsian principle of using occult properties to explain phenomena with no apparent cause, but rejected the conclusion that a thing possessing these properties must have an astral connection to the divine.
_	Having a hard time after the breakup, Fitzpatrick came to the conclusion that he needed to release the energy through creativity and get a focus and direction, for the sole purpose of distracting him from the discomfort.
_	Although he owned some 200 slaves, he had come to the conclusion that everything about the slave trade and the owning of slaves was only going to create major problems.
_	In 1917, Edward Clodd analyzed the mediumship of the trance medium Gladys Osborne Leonard and came to the conclusion that Leonard had known her séance sitters before she had held the séances, and could have easily obtained such information by natural means.
_	On 24 August 1948, he telegrammed Truman: "I have reached the conclusion that the Jewish emphasis on peace negotiations is sounder than the present U.S. and UN emphasis on truce and demilitarization [of Jerusalem] and refugees."
_	Norman Housley finds it "... hard to avoid the conclusion that the pope was agreeing to whatever was asked of him by the king.
_	Jacob Piatt Dunn, the preeminent Indiana historian of the time, consulted several history and arrived at the conclusion that the sun was rising.
_	Coming to the conclusion that the army could not achieve the objective on its own, Yang decided to combine with Zhou's naval fleet and proceed.
_	MP Maj. Jack Reacher investigates and comes to the conclusion that the woman Kramer was with stole his briefcase.
_	By the end of the Second World War, the NSW Government had come to the conclusion that its ideas of infrastructure expansion could not be realised by the present system of the mostly-poor inner-city municipal councils and the Minister for Local Government, Joseph Cahill, passed a bill in 1948 that abolished a significant number of those councils.
_	An Anglo-Saxon cemetery was not found at that time, leading to the conclusion that this was not the site of the lost village of Cratendune.
_	Political events seem to warrant the conclusion that the hour is nigh at hand when the Jewish people may justly and with every reasonable prospect of success put their hands to the glorious work of National Regeneration.
_	Her investigation of the thousands of pages of draft manuscript and notes yields the conclusion that the novel familiar to readers was the product of multiple reconceptualizations and revisions.
_	Green came to the conclusion that "you don't have to be lobotomised in order to make pop music.
_	Later on, as Japoness stirs, more, and even much more sinister and ulterior motives are revealed, and the joint efforts, and investigations lead to the conclusion that Yan of Xian and Dr. Hesse, the former scientist and servant of Faust both have a hand in the matter.
_	He quickly came to the conclusion that major anti–partisan actions were impossible to conduct due to the extreme conditions and the lack of forces, so he opted to concentrate and fortify his available forces in key positions.
_	For a long time this was thought to be a subspecies of the short-tailed cane mouse ("Zygodontomys brevicauda") but in 1991, the American zoologist Robert S. Voss examined the type specimen and came to the conclusion that it had many features in common with the hairy-tailed bolo mouse ("Necromys lasiurus"), then classified as "Bolomys lasiurus", and placed it in the same genus, as "Bolomys punctata".
_	During a trip to Palm Springs, Brenda went to meet Dylan in a hotel room, but saw him with another girl and jumped to the conclusion that they had made love.
_	This supported their hypothesis, which led to the conclusion that cell membranes are composed of two apposing molecular layers.
_	However Durdey comes to the conclusion that the decisive factors were to use his "vast inheritance" to provide himself with a house that was "impressive, dominant and suitable for Cheshire's greatest landowner".
_	Davies came to the conclusion that "This album sounds different to most albums out now, but for all the right reasons, and it is such a stunning album.
_	Here Hovell made a mistake of one degree in calculating his longitude, and they came to the conclusion that they were on Western Port.
_	They reached the conclusion that there was not a single centenarian living in Vilcabamba.
_	However, recent numismatic studies now lead to the conclusion that Athens probably had no coinage until around 560 BC, well after Solon's reforms.
_	"Fear and Trembling", often come to the conclusion that Kierkegaard supports a divine command law of ethics.
_	With this cost and benefit analysis, many families come to the conclusion that they must prioritize male children's lives over female lives in order to ensure their financial future.
_	Since every continuous function on a ["a", "b"] is bounded, this contradicts the conclusion that 1/("M" − "f"("x")) was continuous on ["a", "b"].
_	The college of the city of Rosenheim, on 29 July 1920 came to the conclusion that "... it was regrettable that the people's movement to fight exploitative Jews[...], which certainly was justified in its nature, has been discredited."
_	Scholars Moshe Gat and Philip Mendes reached the conclusion that Ades was clearly innocent.
_	Her argument rests on (i) the conclusion that in places other than southern New England the condition for fish fertilization by natives did not exist and therefore was not a "common and widespread practice in any part of Native North America," (ii) the absence of English sources that attest to Native use of fish fertilizer (iii) that some early English settlers testified that they had not seen Natives use fertilizer and that they were "too lazy to catch fish," (iv) that fertilization was an "advanced trait" and one that was unnecessary (and overly burdensome given the manpower available to Native societies and their lack of draught animals) since Natives could simply leave their fields fallow as was observed by early explorers and (v) there is scattered European authority that shows that southern Europeans used marine fertilizers for crops and occasional examples of English use of fish fertilizer, one of which Squanto may have come into contact with.
_	With Park, Konnan, Dorian Roldán and Joaquín Roldán all claiming that they had nothing to do with El Consejo arriving to the promotion, Konnan came to the conclusion that one of them was lying.
_	This led to the conclusion that transdermal scopolamine is likely a better option for the treatment of motion sickness in naval crew and other sea travelers.
_	He was also inspired by the connection between crime and corruption saying how "when he put some things in order, he came to the conclusion that there exists a historic constant which affects this region, because it is of utmost importance that when you are working on a piece of art which deals with the past, it is important to focus on the moment from which you are doing it."
_	The creators further developed the concept by observing preschoolers with the creators coming to the conclusion that " they are little explorers"
_	Corruccini's long term research into the origins of malocclusion led him to the conclusion that not all cases could be solely attributed to genetic factors.
_	By 1933, the Japanese state had essentially destroyed both the Japanese Socialist Party and the Japanese Communist Party via mass arrests and "Tenkō" with both parties reduced down to mere rumps, which caused many Japanese student leftists to draw the conclusion that change was impossible in Japan, but still possible in Manchukuo, where paradoxically the Kwantung Army was sponsoring the sort of policies that were unacceptable in Japan.
_	As he packs, Whizzer reflects on ""The Games I Play"" with his own heart, and finally comes to the conclusion that he does not love Marvin.
_	The Cosmological argument, later attributed to Aristotle, thereby draws the conclusion that God exists.
_	This usually leads to the conclusion that at the time of a person's birth, their parents were married or that the person is the child of a man and woman who were married to each other when the child was conceived.
_	Early modern historians postulated that "gene" had been the basic organizational group of the Dorian and Ionian tribes that settled Greece during the Greek Dark Ages, but more recent scholarship has reached the conclusion that "gene" arose later as certain families staked a claim to noble lineage.
_	Clive Ruggles has said that both classical and Bayesian statistical reassessments of Thom's data "reached the conclusion that the evidence in favour of the MY was at best marginal, and that even if it does exist the uncertainty in our knowledge of its value is of the order of centimetres, far greater than the 1mm precision claimed by Thom.
_	These facts are claimed to point to the conclusion that the direct object of experience is an entity produced at the end of this causal process, distinct from any physical object that initiates the process."
_	I reached the conclusion that the diary is a complete fraud.'
_	Using a variety of scientific techniques, archaeologists have come to the conclusion that the trees used in the construction of the monument had all been felled in the same year, 2049 BCE, whilst the condition of the sapwood indicated that it had been cut down in spring or early summer.
_	Just after he killed the first Tualapi he met, Father Gomez watches the reaction of the survivors carefully and comes to the conclusion that the creatures know about death, pain and fear, which means they can be controlled and used for greater tasks.
_	Other commentators have cautioned against the conclusion that "The Oceanides" is either an example of impressionism or somehow stylistically indebted to Debussy.
_	She was used by the team as a stand-in for Senua for several months while they perfected their motion capture techniques, and they eventually came to the conclusion that she could play the character in the finalized game.
_	However, he argues that we cannot deduce from the fact that our experiences are "sometimes" mistaken, hallucinations or distorted to the conclusion that all religious experiences are mistaken etc.
_	During the last year, Maddox has come to the conclusion that H-day happens because the Spheres are trying to move Earth into a different dimension–reality, and the terrible effects felt on H-day are caused by being in this different place.
_	In his remakes of classical works and ultimate series of self-portraits the art expert traced a commonness of geometric forms, which led him to the conclusion that any of Khvostov’s portraits actually, to a varying degree, is a self-portrait – a way of searching for the artist’s self-identity.
_	Thus the Allied force came to the conclusion that they had to combine their strength and attack the Mataafan's front line or wherever they were in large numbers.
_	However, Massimo Polidoro and Gian Marco Rinaldi who analyzed the Feilding report came to the conclusion that no secret accomplice was needed as Palladino during the 1908 Naples séances could have produced the phenomena by using her foot.
_	Waagen had studied the stolen works of Prussia in Paris and come to the conclusion that an art museum's prime focus was not national prestige or education, as Hirt argued, but the pleasure of viewing art.
_	A study of young children in Mexico came to the conclusion that because the young girls tend to be doing work in the home that is not considered a part of the formal labor force, they are not protected by government policies designed to protect their education.
_	However, an analysis in 2008 led to the conclusion that this "object" was merely an alignment of stars, appearing to be an open cluster.
_	After 25 years of parapsychological research, Susan Blackmore came to the conclusion that there is no empirical evidence for an afterlife.
_	Pass." Salon.com came to the conclusion that, "after watching the first four hours, I can tell you that the eighth season of “24″ does not look good.
_	Various finds lead to the conclusion that the Romans had already established some kind of settlement in what is now Wattenheim.
_	They come to the conclusion that Marcus is going to attempt to reach Judea, the Holy Land.
_	Also important to his defense of anarchism is his detailed justification for the conclusion that, appearances to the contrary notwithstanding, the institutions of a consensual, polycentric legal order can enforce the law without becoming morally indistinguishable from states.
_	These findings have led some to the conclusion that the spine apparatus is implicated in plasticity only because this organelle is associated with SP.
_	It was at this time that the crew was informed of the John Brown Raid and, according to Parker's biography, he had already come to the conclusion that civil war between the North and South was inevitable.
_	Some scholars have come to the conclusion that material progress and prosperity, as manifested in continuous income growth at both the individual and the national level, provide the indispensable foundation for sustaining any kind of morality.
_	In this paper, starting from certain philosophical assumptions, on the basis of a rigorous analysis of a certain, complicated, but in the meantime assertedly realizable model, he came to the conclusion that "quantum mechanics should be described as "incomplete"".
_	Cantor explains his program of research findings in the film, showing how the findings led to the conclusion that pedophilia is in the brain and that those brain differences were likely present before birth.
_	Based on the many similarities with the engraving, in particular its theme of pastoral fantasy and its composition with the circle of dancers in the background, Cuno came to the conclusion that Carracci's engraving had a decisive influence on the final composition of "Le Bonheur de Vivre".
_	The Levy Report published in July 2012, which comes to the conclusion that Israel's presence in the West Bank is not occupation, recommends state approval for unauthorized outposts, and provides proposals for new guidelines for settlement construction.
_	The fact that no hominine fossils were found in forests does not ultimately lead to the conclusion that no hominines ever died there.
_	If a person arrives at the conclusion that most of what he is about is wrong, he can be plunged into a disorienting chaos, where he is unable to evaluate things properly anymore.
_	Eventually Okutsu understands Daddy and Happie's life is a parable of the way as goes the people live, and comes to the conclusion that in the end, we all are like a stargazing dog, always dreaming a way to reach the impossible.
_	Novelty theory has been criticized for "rejecting countless ideas presumed as factual by the scientific community", depending "solely on numerous controversial deductions that contradict empirical logic", and encompassing "no suitable indication of truth", with the conclusion that novelty theory is a pseudoscience.
_	Having lost the support of Hearst, who had been behind his win in the California primary, Garner came to the conclusion that Roosevelt would be the party’s best shot at a general election victory, and released released his delegates.
_	In another room where other detectives watch they come to the conclusion that Susan is "not lying but is just a sucker".
_	They review the tape and see that the singer's face is scarred, and come to the conclusion that Jang Ye-bin wrote the song "White", and out of jealousy the other girls damaged her face so she couldn't have the lead position.
_	In February 2007, a U.S. military spokesman said that ‘al Qaeda propaganda material’ had been found at a factory for chlorine chemical weapons in Karma, east of Fallujah, which led press agency Reuters to the conclusion that that “chlorine bomb factory was al Qaeda's”.
_	This leads the Pyrrhonist to the conclusion that there is an unresolvable disagreement on the topic, and so the appropriate reaction is to suspend judgement on the topic.
_	Along with R. H. Vatcha, he measured "charged to neutral (C/N) ratio for high energy hadrons in showers of 1014–1016 eV energy range" and arrived at the conclusion that "copious production of baryons in high energy interactions is inevitable".
_	Through consensus, it came to the conclusion that a metropolitan municipality was the best solution.
_	Hamer's habilitation thesis about the GNM at the University of Tübingen was rejected after multiple examinations by several members of the medical faculty, who came to the conclusion that his work lacks scientific methods and reproducibility and his arguments do not back up his theories.
_	His initial approach involved the step-by-step removal of different organs from laboratory rats, leading to the conclusion that anemia resulted from a substance produced in the kidneys.
_	Emerging data in the field also points to FAAH being expressed in postsynaptic neurons complementary to presynaptic neurons expressing cannabinoid receptors, supporting the conclusion that it is major contributor to the clearance and inactivation of anandamide and 2-AG after endocannabinoid reuptake.
_	Albrecht had been investigating cattle nutrition, having observed that certain pastures seemed conducive to good health, and at some point he came to the conclusion that the ideal balance of cations in the soil was "H, 10%; Ca, 60 to 75%; Mg, 10 to 20%; K, 2 to 5%; Na, 0.5 to 5.0%; and other cations, 5%".
_	The Constituent Assembly eventually reached the conclusion that the revocation of the Colombian Congress was a necessity, in order to prevent any possible legislative counter-reform by sectors of what was termed by observers as the "old political class".
_	In his book, "The Origins and Early Development of Shi’a Islam", Jafri comes to the conclusion that the majority of the Muslims who became known as Sunnis afterwards "placed the religious leadership in the totality of the community (Ahl al-Sunnah wal Jamaah), represented by the Ulama, as the custodian of religion and the exponent of the Quran and the Sunnah of the Prophet, while accepting state authority as binding…
_	In its report, CCF excluded those restaurants that were boycotting Canadian seafood prior to the HSUS boycott, and restaurants that serve any Canadian seafood (regardless of the type or quantity), and drew the conclusion that 78% of the interviewees were not actively participating in the boycott.
_	"They came to the conclusion that this breed had to remodel.
_	He meditated upon it and came to the conclusion that it is an apt name for a religious order which upholds both contemplation and action.
_	He thus came to the conclusion that they had more in common with primitive myths than with genuine science.
_	The team came to the conclusion that they could find no evidence of mental disease in Grigorenko and his history consistent with mental disease in the past.
_	Having known more about Ravi from Vivek and Supriya, Diya comes to the conclusion that Ravi might have gone to meet Dr. Samuel.
_	Based on the description Jarvis gave to them of the man in Sersi's dream, the Avengers had reached the conclusion that he was responsible for her actions, when they were approached by the astral form of Ute, who warned them that Proctor must be defeated, or all that is would cease to be.
_	The Black Knight meanwhile, had reached the conclusion that he and Proctor were one and the same, albeit from differing realities.
_	The same suffix is involved in both types, but with a 180° reversal of "strategy": other exercises of internal reconstruction would point to the conclusion that the aboriginal affix of the dental preterites was (where V = a vowel of uncertain phonetics, and of course an inspection of Old English directly would reveal several different stem-vowels in the mix).
_	Historian Andrew Ward in 2005 reached the conclusion that an atrocity in the modern sense occurred at Fort Pillow, including the murders of fleeing black civilians, but that the event was not premeditated nor officially sanctioned by Confederate commanders.
_	This led to the conclusion that contamination increases as the wasps walk on leaves, petioles, and fruits before they reach the opening to the syconium.
_	However, he came to the conclusion that no public nuisance had been created, saying that the change in the neighbourhood's character altered what was acceptable there: "where planning consent is given for a development or change of use, the question of nuisance will thereafter fall to be decided by reference to a neighbourhood with that development or use and not as it was previously".
_	Ultimately, the Trident Alternatives Review came to the conclusion that there were alternatives to Trident that "would enable the UK to be capable of inflicting significant damage such that most potential adversaries around the world would be deterred", but none would "offer the same degree of resilience as the current posture".
_	In 1923, they came to the conclusion that they did not have enough to prove anti-government activity as "Dange is a pure doctrinaire and nothing here seen of him indicate any real power of organisation."
_	In an interview about the role of race-based gangs and other extremists in America's prisons, the historian Mark Pitcavage came to the conclusion that "[n]"on-racist versions of Ásatrú and Odinism are pretty much acceptable religions in the prisons"", but materials from racist variants of these religions may be prohibited by corrections departments.
_	Hall argued: "While ["Sherrill"] has an impact on this case, it does not compel the conclusion that the plaintiffs are without any remedy . . . ."
_	The judicial practice came to the conclusion that the ""amount larger than small"" must be five to ten times larger (depending on drug) than a usual single dose of an average consumer.
_	The site was investigated by the archaeological center of Fujairah in co-operation with the University of Sydney from 1997-98. and Fujairah Archaeology and Heritage Department came up with the conclusion that the mosque was believed to be built in 1446 AD, along with the two watch towers overlooking the mosque and the village.
_	The loss of the destroyer INS "Eilat" during an attack by "Komar"-class missile boats in October 1967 and the accidental loss of the submarine INS "Dakar" in 1968, as well as the general ageing of the Israeli fleet, brought naval planners to the conclusion that the boats had to be taken from France by deception.
_	The outcome of the discussion was the conclusion that Phi Sigma Kappa would only participate in a merger if it was the continuing fraternity:
_	He also said "Thank God I didn't see it coming", which supports the conclusion that his back was to his assailants when he was stabbed.
_	The subsequent US Coast Guard investigation found several other aspects of the ship's company's handling of the situation to have been poor, leading to the conclusion that human error caused the grounding.
_	In a study from 2016, important differences in the children's innate immune cells and in the allergy inducing nature of the dust in their homes were found, leading to the conclusion that the Amish environment had protected against asthma by shaping the innate immune response.
_	The Schutztruppe continued its attacks until 22.30, when the mounting casualties among his troops led Göring to the conclusion that a continued engagement was futile, whereupon he ordered a withdrawal.
_	Friedländer has argued that if one were to seriously take up the theories of "redemptive anti-semitism" proposed in "The Foundations", and push them to their logical conclusion, then inevitably one would reach the conclusion that genocide might be a perfectly acceptable "solution" to the "Jewish Question".
_	As with many of her contemporaries, she arrived at the conclusion that it is not possible to photograph the world, i.e. to use classic methods of representing reality.
_	This has led to the conclusion that the Anahim hotspot is supplied by a mantle plume over slab edge flow.
_	Rüdiger Safranski's biography Lit. comes to the conclusion that Schiller, the “freedom enthusiast”, is not concerned in "Fiesco" about how one should act, but rather about what action one truly wants.
_	But the following year the firm that had carried out millions of WCAs on behalf of the DWP since 2008 said it had come to the conclusion that "in its current form, the WCA is not working for claimants, for DWP or for Atos Healthcare".
_	Therefore, we arrive at the conclusion that "nothing moves" ("there is no time") in general relativity.
_	Using caddies, tour players and amateur golfers, he spent more than three years entering the data from thousands of rounds (shot distance, where each shot landed, relation to target, and so forth), coming to the conclusion that more than 60% of golf shots are part of the 'short game' - those made from within around 100 yards of the hole.
_	Ministry of Science, Industry and Technology in Turkey as of 2011 made a research and made the conclusion that 30% of Yagli is a pacient of HIV.
_	At one point during the 15th chapter, he reaches the conclusion that God is "not only that than which nothing greater can be thought but something greater than can be thought".
_	Furthermore the symbolic representations accompanying the Map have led to the conclusion that the publishing of the Map is part of the ideological context of Rigas Velestinlis for the formation of a creative and liberal state in the Balkans which would be called the Greek Republic and would include all Christian Ottoman conquered lands.
_	White reviewed the lengthy history in the U.S. of barring political activity by federal workers, a practice which extended to the presidency of Thomas Jefferson, and emphasized the considered and lengthy history of the conclusion that such activity was highly dangerous to the proper functioning of government and democracy.
_	Historically, eyewitness testimony had what Brennan described as "a powerful impact on juries", who noted in his dissent that "All the evidence points rather strikingly to the conclusion that there is almost nothing more convincing [to a jury] than a live human being who takes the stand, points a finger at the defendant, and says 'That's the one!'"
_	Both Fujita and Masahiro's theories were attacked by another historian because both of their theories are based on their own pure conjecture and opinions and have no solid evidence or historical data or texts to support their claims, saying that the phrase "not of our kind" "非我族类" referred to the socially stratified Tang dynasty aristocracy in China since 族 means clan the Liu were not a clan of the Wei's social status ("Not of our clan") and not referring to the modern meaning of 族 which means ethnicity or race, and using this statement "not of our kind" to suddenly jump to the conclusion that they were "Arab" is massively inappropriate for a historian.
_	Also that year, the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases released a report concluding that "abundant epidemiologic, virologic and immunologic data support the conclusion that infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) is the underlying cause of AIDS."
_	Tabinshwehti deliberated at length with his ministers, and finally came to the conclusion that Ye Htut should be given his sister in marriage, and a princely title of Kyawhtin Nawrahta.
_	Difficulties in accessibility and problems with the geomorphology of the area brought the planners to the conclusion that Ponta da Barca would be a more suitable alternative (although the interposition of Pico Negro did not permit some visibility from Ponta da Barca).
_	After years of frustration over his inability to increase maximum lifespan with antioxidant supplements, Harman came to the conclusion that mitochondria were producing as well as being damaged by free radicals, but that exogenous antioxidants don't enter the mitochondria.
_	The censor came to the conclusion that, according to the author, peasants were now much worse off than they had been as serfs, for in those times "...at least they had been fed, while now what the authorities only do is rob them and punish".
_	In these positions, he came to the conclusion that promotion of trade contacts was a job for businessmen, not consuls.
_	She returns to her husband and draws the conclusion that "love means faith in the face of any evidence, no matter how overwhelming".
_	The delegation came to the conclusion that nine of the 15 hospitalized patients had disorders which would be classified in the United States as serious psychoses, diagnoses corresponding broadly with those used by the Soviet psychiatrists.
_	On the basis of the arguments presented, 42 out of the 74 scientists came to the conclusion that drilling was entirely responsible, while 13 felt that a combination of drilling and earthquake activity was to blame.
_	Additionally, significant concerns about its ability to successfully intercept warheads in the presence of high-altitude nuclear explosions, including its own, lead to the conclusion that the system would simply be too costly for the very low amount of protection it could provide.
_	It has been proposed that "Plasmodium gaboni" diverged from the "P falciparum/P reichenowi" lineage about 21 million years ago, leading to the conclusion that the ancestor of this parasite clade could have been already present in hominid ancestors.
_	As can be seen in the following quotation from Edwards, secular philologists studying ancient Syriac Christian legends about Alexander the Great also came to the conclusion that Dhul-Qarnayn is an ancient epithet for Alexander the Great.
_	According to the Vatican, these findings support the conclusion that the tomb is Paul's.
_	Rosenberg names three constraints that preclude the US Supreme Court from being truly effective, and arrives at the conclusion that although the Court is indeed capable of accomplishing significant change, such change can only occur when these three constraints are overcome.
_	Chisholm and Knocker soon came to the conclusion that they could save more lives by treating the wounded directly on the front lines.
_	The study arrives at the conclusion that these formats failed during the crisis, due to the editorial team's lack of different perspectives, focusing solely on representatives of the German government, banks, some scientists and their points of view.
_	The first season's surprise twist, that the Good Place was the Bad Place, and Chidi, Eleanor, Jason and Tahani were the four souls chosen because they were best suited to torture each other indefinitely, is very similar in premise to philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre's stage play "No Exit", in which three strangers die, are escorted to a single room by a friendly bellhop where they are informed they must co-exist together, but ultimately determine they are entirely incompatible and thus come to the conclusion that "hell is other people".
_	The same attitudes and emotions were also felt in East Pakistan whereas East-Pakistanis absorbed the feeling and reached to the conclusion that Pakistan had been benefited with economic opportunities, investments, and social growth would swiftly depose any East Pakistanis from obtaining those opportunities.
_	Molecular studies led to the conclusion that the three members of "Carinarion" are a single species-level taxon.
_	Frankish burial grounds in and around the neighbouring municipality Niederkirchen bei Deidesheim lead to the conclusion that there were individual settlements at least as long ago as the 6th century, some of which were forsaken.
_	Wagner's biographer Ernest Newman writes: "It was inevitable that many readers of the article should regard it as coming from [Henri Valentino], and it is impossible to avoid the conclusion that Wagner maliciously intended to create that impression".
_	When Tina dumped Dr Carter after coming to the conclusion that he is embarrassed by her job as a barmaid, Tina and Tommy grow closer.
_	In 1949, Gerard Kuiper's measurements of Pluto's diameter with the 200 inch telescope at Mount Palomar Observatory led him to the conclusion that it was midway in size between Mercury and Mars and that its mass was most probably about 0.1 Earth mass.
_	The thin walls and rectangular plan lead to the conclusion that the roof would have been wood rather than vaulted stone.
_	Bhat, Sanskrit professor at the Karnataka State Open University, has stated, "By reading this commentary we will come to the conclusion that the Swaminarayan tradition is an independent one on Akshar Purushottama Siddhanta based on the Vedic tradition which is quite ancient.
_	En route, they are attacked by pirates; and during this fight Sieben sees a demon materialise to defend Druss and comes to the conclusion that Druss is possessed.
_	While she herself chose to reject her magical heritage, she came to the conclusion that seeing Dresden use his abilities to save others, to fight against evil, would only lead her children to embrace their own magical ability.
_	This leads to the conclusion that a Byzantine castle may have been built in the area by the 6th century AD, a date which is several centuries earlier than the currently estimated date of the present castle's construction.
_	During the investigation they quickly come to the conclusion that Amanda's mother, Helene, who has been prominently featured in the news stories about the case, is a degenerate and neglectful parent.
_	I have come to the conclusion that I can't use that term in my work.
_	During the last year of his art education Aguila came to the conclusion that rather than focus on color, priority should be given to strong compositional elements and the contact the painting had with the environment, extending the composition of the work to the three-dimensional environment.
_	1860 Clemens had come to the conclusion that slavery was morally wrong, and had worked for the election of Republican Abraham Lincoln.
_	Some magazines, such as "The Coffin Factory," have openly and bluntly criticized VIDA for The Count, claiming that the questions asked by VIDA, and that the methods used to come to the conclusion that there is gender disparity in the publishing world are flawed.
_	Lott also supports the conclusion that higher quality judges, measured by their output once they are on the court (e.g., number of citations to their opinions or number of published opinions), take longer to get confirmed.
_	Although the preponderance of testimony supported the conclusion that a second exit or air source removed from the main shaft would have saved the trapped miners, Company testimony was equivocal and misleading:
_	He finally came to the conclusion that, in spite of orders that limited him to the Carolinas, he would best serve the British cause by going to Virginia to join his army with that of Phillips and Arnold.
_	""I have come to the conclusion that the existing rebellion in Mindanao, which has prompted me to issue Proclamation No. 216 on 23 May 2017, will not be quelled completely by 22 July 2017,"" Duterte said in a portion of his letter read aloud by the Executive Spokesperson Ernesto Abella.
_	In 1988, after a campaign by British MP Jeff Rooker, the case was reopened but a German prosecutor came to the conclusion that there was insufficient evidence to bring charges.
_	Elsewhere, in his notes on Kepler's laws of planetary motion that he read about in the book "Astronomiae carolina" by Thomas Streete, he reached the conclusion that gravity must not merely act on the surfaces of bodies but on their interiors.
_	At the time Lovestone claimed this was a GPU operation, though the FBI came to the conclusion that it was a hoax perpetuated by Lovestone to obtain a new passport.
_	Very early in his ornithological career Harber had come to the conclusion that a series of rare and exotic birds allegedly shot in an area around Hastings between 1903 and 1916 (the so-called Hastings rarities) were forgeries and the manuscript to the "Guide to the Birds of Sussex" rejected them.
_	Henderson came to the conclusion that the short-snouted "Allosaurus" morph occupied a different ecological niche than both the long-snouted morph and "Ceratosaurus":
_	Palmer and Thornhill, writing in the "Journal of Sex Research", noted that while Symons stated that did not "believe that available data are even close to sufficient to warrant the conclusion" that rape is a "facultative adaptation in the human male" and therefore concluded instead that rape is "a by-product of various different sexual adaptations in men and women", he failed to specify exactly how the available data were insufficient to support the conclusion that rape is a facultative adaptation or what kind of data might potentially demonstrate that rape is a facultative adaptation.
_	Hence the market price does not in any way reflect the wage, allowing the conclusion that the value added by the worker does not go back to the worker, but instead returns to the capitalist.
_	By the end of the Second World War, the NSW Government had come to the conclusion that its ideas of infrastructure expansion could not be realised by the present system of the mostly-poor inner-city municipal councils and the Minister for Local Government, Joseph Cahill, passed a bill in 1948 that abolished a significant number of those councils.
_	Finally, it brought the simplest living matter or formless protoplasm before the mental vision as the starting point whence, by the operation of necessary mechanical causes, the highest forms have been evolved, and it rendered unavoidable the conclusion that this earliest living material was itself evolved by gradual processes, the result also of the known and recognized laws of physics and chemistry, from material which we should call not living.
_	On 9 June 1943, communications between the Combined Chiefs of Staff on the subject of hospital ships contained a section referring to the "Manunda" incident as a response to the attack on "Centaur", with the conclusion that the attack was the work of an irresponsible Japanese commander, and that it would be better to wait until further attacks had been made before considering the removal of hospital ship markings.
_	Three types of offshore wind power were studied, with the conclusion that from 12,300 to 19,700 GWh/yr could be delivered from 1,997 to 3,331 MW of monopile wind turbines installed in up to 20 meter deep water, from 38,200 to 73,000 GWh/yr could be delivered from 6,202 to 12,374 MW of multi-leg wind turbines in 20 to 50 meter deep water, and from 462,100 to 568,200 GWh/yr from 73,025 to 91,707 MW of floating turbine foundation wind turbines in from 50 to 200 meter deep water, such as those being studied for use off the coast of Maine by the Ocean Energy Institute and the DeepCwind Consortium.
_	The court drew the conclusion that the disturbances were caused by Michizane's angry spirit.
_	The results of the research led to the conclusion that sometimes person to person communication can be more effective than traditional media outlets such as newspapers, TV, radio etc.
_	Creatively, we could not agree on a direction for the new record and came to the conclusion that parting ways was for the best.
_	Foskins is dismissed as Health Minister and reveals to Harris that he's been investigating possible clues as to the rats origins and comes to the conclusion that they were illegally smuggled into the country by a zoologist named William Bartlett Schiller from an island near New Guinea which had been near some nuclear tests.
_	She comes to the conclusion that the traffickers cut her open to retrieve the other drug pellets inside her body.
_	The coincidental timing of both uprisings and the similar causes lead to the conclusion that they were linked, or even coordinated.
_	This led many readers to the conclusion that Númenor is Atlantis; this direct link was, however, denied by Tolkien himself, who asserted that it's a natural word following the constructs of Quenya.
_	In his early years, with his friend Tauqeer al-Hasan (توقیر الحسن), after research and discussion regarding the reason of tradition (تقلید) for a long time, these two scholars came to the conclusion that according to principles of Fiqh, i.e.
_	At first 25 million DM were invested, but after the industry came to the conclusion that with such a low budget the development of the two projected testbeds was not possible, a total of 30 to 32 million DM was invested.
_	A head constable and sub-inspector entered this park and came to the conclusion that five machines were gambling instruments.
_	The AI develops too quickly and comes to the conclusion that human beings are a threat to the environment.
_	Helen R. Smith, in "New Light on Sweeney Todd, Thomas Peckett Prest, James Malcolm Rymer and Elizabeth Caroline Grey," came to the conclusion that James Malcolm Rymer was the author of a string of Penny Dreadfuls confusingly attributed to Mrs. Grey.
_	Also the BfR (Bundesinstitut fuer Risikobewertung) was asked for their opinion and came to the conclusion that Sudan dyes are principally harmful to the health.
_	An analysis of the fertility histories collected from 71 females aged from 15 to 59 provides strong evidence in support of the conclusion that no population control policy restricting couples to 2 or even 3 births was or is operative.
_	and in this sense had come to the conclusion that this was 'the tragic and paradoxical victory of Hitler.'
_	Justin has no arousal which brings Gabrielle to the conclusion that Justin is gay.
_	Kate comes to the conclusion that they are in the heart of a large crocodile's territory and that it will be more aggressive than usual.
_	Kamal states, that when there is smoke (middle term), one's tendency may be to leap to the conclusion that it must be caused by fire (major term in logic).
_	Kim came to the conclusion that "female K-pop artists orient themselves around men in order to gain attention."
_	An investigation by the Brooklyn District Attorney came to the conclusion that "Mark Green had no knowledge of these events, and that when he learned of them, he repeatedly denounced the distribution of this literature and sought to find out who had engaged in it."
_	This led to the conclusion that the whole of Oberndorf, including the parish church of St Nicholas, needed to be rebuilt about 800 m upstream.
_	The developers came to the conclusion that complex battles would only serve to confuse players.
_	This would lead to the conclusion that both groups arose from within the pteridosperms, probably as early as the Permian.
_	support the conclusion that the member poses an imminent threat.
_	Back at home, William and Mrs. Darsey try to stop the marriage by telling them lies, but Karim and Janice come to the conclusion that their love for each other is stronger.
_	An experiment undertaken by the British Psychological Society led to the conclusion that the test subjects demonstrated no mediumistic ability.
_	The Swiss, lacking a significant armored force, drew the conclusion that withdrawal to the Redoubt was the only sound course.
_	This confused thinking, according to Dacey, leads to "the conclusion that controversial religious and moral claims are beyond evaluation by reason, truth and objective standards of right and wrong, and should therefore be precluded from public conversation."
_	Eventually, he reached the conclusion that the heroes were becoming too complacent, and were beginning to repeat all the same mistakes of their old society.
_	Amsel comes to the conclusion that a cult worshiping Firewing is behind the conspiracy, and that they most likely plan on making Vauclair reverse the damage caused by his weapon and reunite Firewing's spirit and body.
_	They enjoyed a minor British hit with a cover of "I Don't Want To Go on Without You" (No. 33) in February 1965, while the Pinder-Laine original "From the Bottom of My Heart (I Love You)" produced by Denny Cordell (with a vocal choral sound towards the conclusion that anticipated their sound on "Nights in White Satin") was issued as a UK single in May 1965 and did a little better (No. 22).
_	Elizabeth is perhaps the only Twilighter who is the child of a Zeta; Calvin reaches the conclusion that she is also the only female diplodeviant.
_	“We have come to the conclusion that sitting on the sidelines is not good enough.
_	In 2009, inspired by the his mother’s fatal motor neuron disease, Kay and some colleagues performed a study manipulating the ubiquitin ligase protein Listerin in mice which led to the conclusion that mutations in Listerin caused neurodegeneration.
_	"we shall reach the conclusion that Socrates is mortal with a greater approach to
_	This led to the conclusion that the TOPCAT trial results in Russia do not reflect actual clinical experience with spironolactone in patients with preserved ejection fraction.
_	Measurements of Earth system processes, past and present, have led to the conclusion that the planet has moved well outside the range of natural variability in the last half million years at least.
_	The approach taken is elementary; simple manipulations by shear mapping lead on page 68 to the conclusion that "the difference between the Galilean geometry of points and the Galilean geometry of lines is just a matter of terminology".
_	Yet I came firmly to the conclusion that such formations, trained, equipped and mentally adjusted for one kind of operation were wasteful.
_	In the fall of 1943, the Hungarian government came to the conclusion that direct magyarization trends would be replaced by educational activities in the mother tongue of minorities.
_	They have come to the conclusion that TCM is a model for predicting turnover.
_	Although no detailed excavation has been conducted at Hillside Haven, all evidence found around points to the conclusion that it is a typical Adena mound, with both ceremonial and functional items within.
_	Entries in the later census records and in the 1905 Minnesota State Census support the conclusion that he was born in 1850.
_	The poems are love poems and many scholars have come to the conclusion that they represent her affairs with the Prince of Wales.
_	Scalia also disagreed with the conclusion that Rogers had had fair warning that the year-and-a-day rule was so moribund as to have been effectively abolished.
_	The Supreme Court came to the conclusion that Congress sought "to halt and reverse the trend toward species extinction, whatever the cost."
_	The leads to the conclusion that TcdB epitope lies within the N-terminus of the CROP domain.
_	Regarding hostage taking, the tribunal came to the conclusion that under certain circumstances, hostage taking and even reprisal killings might constitute an allowed line of action against guerilla attacks.
_	Flame Princess comes to the conclusion that, while she is a lover of destruction, she only enjoys destroying bad guys.
_	In contrast to Petrie's findings, a seven-year Japanese study of free-ranging peafowl came to the conclusion that female peafowl do not select mates solely on the basis of their trains.
_	Chief Medical Officer Dr. McCoy's analysis indicates that this could not have been accomplished by any natural process, leading to the conclusion that intelligent life must still exist on the planet, but under the seas.
_	When her father discovered that she was worshipping as a Christian, he came to the conclusion that Christians had bewitched her into conversion.
_	Ibn Ishaq, an Arab Muslim historian and hagiographer who collected oral traditions that formed the basis of the important biography of Muhammad, also claimed that as a result of these discussions, the Qur'an was "revealed" addressing all these arguments – leading to the conclusion that Muhammad may have incorporated Judeo-Christian tales he had heard from other people.
_	According to this argument, applying Sagan's logic leads you to the conclusion that racists are more evolved than nationalists, because they associate with a higher level of affiliation.
_	"The French legal scholars interpreted the imperial office of the Justinian code in a generic way and arrived at the conclusion that every 'king is an emperor in his own kingdom,' that is, he possesses the prerogatives of legal absolutism that the "Corpus Juris Civilis" attributes to the Roman emperor."
_	At the age of 29 he took eighteen months off from work and toured around the world, coming to the conclusion that he was gay.
_	In addition, the central theme that many religious stories are rigid, out of touch, and silly comes to the conclusion that, essentially, religion itself can do enormous good as long as it is taken metaphorically and not literally.
_	After the second performance, Tchaikovsky wrote, "I have come to the conclusion that it is a failure".
_	The correlation between number of children and intelligence was found to be stronger in poor families than in rich ones, which contributed to the conclusion that there is a strong correlation between height and mental ability between children in different socio-economic groups that persists in adulthood.
_	The party began construction of a sod house, and Butcher quickly came to rue his decision to go west: "I soon came to the conclusion that any man that would leave the luxuries of a boarding house, where they had hash every day, and a salary of $125 a month to lay Nebraska sod for 75 cents a day... was a fool."
_	Based on this idea, he came to the conclusion that this philosophy could be a bridge between religions, not just a subset of Judaism.
_	Clive Ruggles has said that both classical and Bayesian statistical reassessments of Thom's data "reached the conclusion that the evidence in favour of the MY was at best marginal, and that even if it does exist the uncertainty in our knowledge of its value is of the order of centimetres, far greater than the 1mm precision claimed by Thom.
_	In his book "Quantum Healing", Chopra stated the conclusion that quantum entanglement links everything in the Universe, and therefore it must create consciousness.
_	Lauterpacht has offered a cogent legal analysis leading to the conclusion that sovereignty over Jerusalem has already vested in Israel.
_	The fact that this reaction proceeds via in inter- rather than intramolecular mechanism lead to the conclusion that there are certain restrictions on the geometry of nucleophilic attack in S2 reactions.
_	After looking through her phone for clues, forensic linguists came to the conclusion that the texts sent from her phone around the time that she disappeared seemed very different than her usual texting style, and soon started looking to her ex-boyfriend, David Hodgson, for clues of what happened to her, including looking through his phone and studying his texting style.
_	Kirti N. Chaudhuri a historian that had access to the East India Company accounts came to the conclusion that the East India Company had exported in the period set out by George White (1675-1683) the amount of £3,544,750 this leaving some £955,280 being exported privately.
_	This led to the conclusion that animals which were able to clearly associate the electric stimulus with their action, i.e. touching the prey, and consequently were able to predict and control the stressor, did not show considerable or persistent stress indicators, while animals that were not able to control the situation to avoid the shock did show significant stress.
_	Most notably, coming from his own background in radical German historical criticism of the historicity of the Biblical accounts, Albright, through his seminal work in archaeology (and most notably his development of the standard pottery typology for Palestine and the Holy Land) arrived at the conclusion that the biblical accounts of Israelite history were, contrary to the dominant German literary criticism of the day, largely accurate.
_	Subsequently, the U.S. government released a memorandum written in 2002 by the Office of Legal Counsel that came to the conclusion that waterboarding did not constitute torture and could be used to interrogate subjects.
_	Frum came to the conclusion that all nine of the men whose transcript he summarized had obviously lied.
_	The "Chronicle" dates Cerdic's arrival to 495, but adding up the lengths of the reigns as given in the West Saxon Genealogical Regnal List, leads to the conclusion that Cerdic's reign might have started in 532, a difference of 37 years.
_	Similarly, the Latin imperfect and pluperfect stem from Italic innovations and are not cognate with the corresponding Greek or Sanskrit forms; and while the Greek and Sanskrit pluperfect tenses appear cognate, there are no parallels in any other Indo-European languages, leading to the conclusion that this tense is either a shared Greek-Sanskrit innovation or separate, coincidental developments in the two languages.
_	They come to the conclusion that Spike's underground digging caused it.
_	It gave the following reasons for vacating the rescission: there was insufficient evidence to sustain the conclusion that it could not predict an increase in seat belt usage and "only a well-justified refusal to seek more evidence could render rescission non-arbitrary," the NHTSA had inadequately considered the possibility of requiring nondetachable automatic seat belts, and it had inadequately considered the possibility of requiring airbags.
_	The families questioned the conclusion that the boys had simply died after getting lost due to the oddities of the boys' clothes being found tied in knots and of their bodies being found a short distance from the village in an area the boys knew very well.
_	After multiple test runs they came to the conclusion that their customers did not like detachable cup holders.
_	After much brainstorming, they came to the conclusion that cup holders were most sensible to be placed at the end of the arm rest, but incorporated in.
_	The legal and forensic teams came to the conclusion that the photos Caesar took were credible, and that they clearly showed "signs of starvation, brutal beatings, strangulation, and other forms of torture and killing."
_	It is in this episode that Walt and Claude come to the conclusion that, "All we ever talk about is...quicksand."
_	The EFSA reviewed the same safety question and also reached the conclusion that there was not sufficient evidence to set a UL for thiamine.
_	By 1960, Bennett had come to the conclusion that the practice of 'latihan' alone was inadequate, and he resumed the work that he had learned from Gurdjieff.
_	This followed the surprise launch of a leadership campaign by Michael Gove, previously seen as a key ally of the Johnson campaign, who said (earlier that morning) that he had reluctantly come to the conclusion that Johnson "cannot provide the leadership or build the team for the task ahead."
_	The occurrence of this juvenile fossil in an identifiably brackish environment led to the conclusion that plesiosaurs spent their early lives in rivers and estuaries.
_	The unusual and rich chemical composition leads scientists to the conclusion that Kronos has destroyed many of its orbiting planets.
_	Vincent's accountants came to the conclusion that the company was losing money on every Black Prince sold, so the last example of both the model and the marque left the production line on Friday, 16 December 1955.
_	A 1916 column in the "American Journal of Numismatics" contained the conclusion that "the criticism often heard that 'there is nothing American about the coin except the inscription' is fully warranted."
_	In reaction to the 1903 general strike, Meijboom came to the conclusion that a radical transformation of society was needed.
_	In the context of the Israel-Palestine conflict, Neumann holds that it is dangerous to label as antisemitic the conclusion that "Jews, generally, had some responsibility for war crimes and human rights violations."
_	This leads to the conclusion that translating and interpreting cannot be considered solely as a process of language transfer, but also as socially and politically directed activities.
_	Asked about concentration camps, very few Germans associated them with the Jews, leading to the conclusion that they did not understand how they had been used against the Jews during the war and instead continued to think of them as they were before the war, the place where political opponents to the Nazis were kept.
_	However, the conclusion that LED technology would be more dangerous for retina than Tungsten lamp and fluorescent lamp is debated, as the LED spectrum does not contain potentially retinotoxic violet light (to which a child's lens is highly transparent) in contrary to spectra of fluorescent and incandescent lamps which are rich in violet light.
_	"To upset the conclusion that all crows are black, there is no need to seek demonstration that no crow is black; it is sufficient to produce one white crow; a single one is sufficient."
_	An unfortunate choice of experimental system by Voets "et al.", (2004) led to the conclusion that TRPM6 is a functional Mg transporter.
_	It is also known that diversification of eukaryotes began well before the onset of global oxygenation of the oceans, leading to the conclusion that anoxic conditions could not be the only cause of slow eukaryotic evolution.
_	This led to the conclusion that the prostate basal cell may be the most likely "site of origin" of prostate cancer.
_	They all reluctantly come to the conclusion that they are involved with the Doomsday Group.
_	The two discuss the position of "poet" and the art of poetry, and rest on the conclusion that the page is not a poet but rather a lover of poetry, and that he is neither rich nor poor, but rather comfortable enough financially to be able to spare a coin or two.
_	He was deeply involved in the liberal politics of Southern Rhodesia during the 1950s and 1960s, but became disillusioned when he came to the conclusion that the white minority in Rhodesia would never accept any multiracial options for the country's government.
_	Having come to the conclusion that even two vampire hunters will not be enough against the vampire infestation, Van Helsing and Time Bomb bring in three more Crips members - Soda Pop (Victor Togunde), L'il Monster (Cedrick Terrell), and Trigger (Flex Alexander).
_	However, the Ninth Circuit drew comparisons to "Brookfield v West Coast", and came to the conclusion that "analogies to Brookfield suggest that PEI will be able to show a likelihood of confusion sufficient to defeat summary judgment.
_	estimated global bycatch through observation of U.S. fisheries and came to the conclusion that an annual estimate of 653,365 marine mammals, comprising 307,753 cetaceans and 345,611 pinnipeds were caught from 1990–1994.
_	Delivering the verdict on 29 March 1961, Justice Rumpff stated:""On all the evidence presented to this court and on our findings of fact, it is impossible for this court to come to the conclusion that the African National Congress has acquired or adopted a policy to overthrow the state by violence, that is, in the sense that the masses had to be prepared or conditioned to commit direct acts of violence against the state.""
_	Another example may be found in the discussion of the story of Abelard and Heloise, where the skeptical American deconstructs the story and comes to the conclusion that far too much fuss has been made about the two lovers.
_	Speculation that Deeming was Jack the Ripper continues today and Robin Napper a former Scotland Yard detective and currently forensic researcher, along with a team of researchers, came to the conclusion that most of the evidence leads to Deeming as Jack the Ripper.
_	SOCA was drawn to the conclusion that the passports used were copied from genuine British passports when handed over for inspection to individuals linked to Israel, either in Israel or in other countries.
_	In "Re Hamilton", Lindley LJ set out the standard rule that to "take the will you have to construe and see what it means, and if you come to the conclusion that no trust was intended you say so"; essentially that judges should not simply assume that there is a trust.
_	Other incorrect observations by Parks included the conclusion that the "os rostrale", the bone core of the upper beak, directly touched the nasals instead of being separated from them by the premaxillae; a presumed anterior process of the jugal touching the premaxilla; and thinking that the interparietal bar of the frill presented a separate skeletal element, an "os interparietale".
_	Their new bond is threatened by the pressure from coworkers for Bernadette to wear a "t-back" (thong) which has been promoting sales, from the opposition group COAT which wants to ban t-backs, and from a religious group that has come to the conclusion that Bernadette is a witch based on a ruse Chloë attempted on a rival boy.
_	In 1980, officials of the state and locals came to the conclusion that the contaminated groundwater from the landfill was present in nearby private wells, as well as the Atlantic City Well Field, which is one mile from the landfill, and that this was a threat to the health of the community.
_	Previously, cytokinins were thought to be the only molecule involved in the regulation of stem branching, but these mutants presented normal production and signaling of cytokinins, leading to the conclusion that another substance was acting on the axillary buds.
_	They reached the conclusion that the outbreak was attributable to the use of impure water from the well in Broad Street.
_	Particularly interesting was the presence of charcoal everywhere, which led to the conclusion that the castle was destroyed by a fire.
_	Roger Friedman cited these lyrics at length for Forbes.com and drew the conclusion that "suppressive" was signalling Presley had become a Suppressive Person in Scientology terminology.
_	In 1834, Anthon stated in a letter that, "The whole story about my having pronounced the Mormonite inscription to be 'reformed Egyptian hieroglyphics' is perfectly false ... I soon came to the conclusion that it was all a trick, perhaps a hoax ... [Harris] requested an opinion from me in writing, which of course I declined giving."
_	Arthur and Sylar both imply that someone slowed Peter's fall, saving his life - Peter separately comes to the conclusion that it was Sylar.
_	DeLonge considered his bandmates' priorities "mad, mad different," coming to the conclusion that the trio had simply grown apart as they aged, had families, and reached fame.
_	His theories prompted a number of expeditions in search of this mythical land, until James Cook's second journey (1772–1775) led to the conclusion that, if it did exist, it was further south than the 65° line of latitude South.
_	Various exegetes have reached the conclusion that Pals' "Alge" poetry is ahead of its time and context, one of the more notable contribution to the second-wave avant-garde in Romania.
_	Fessenden began limited radio experimentation, and soon came to the conclusion that he could develop a far more efficient system than the spark-gap transmitter and coherer-receiver combination which had been created by Oliver Lodge and Marconi.
_	The jury, composed of three women and three men, came to the conclusion that Ma Anand Sheela committed a "wanton" violation of Byron's trust, and that Byron had been under Sheela's "domination".
_	Being a soldier, Jusuf was interested in the decentralization of security matters and along with like-minded colleagues came to the conclusion that the Sulawesinese should be responsible for the security in their own region.
_	Cornell's self-education and hard work would lead him to the conclusion that the greatest end for his philanthropy was in the need of colleges for the teaching of practical pursuits such as agriculture, the applied sciences, veterinary medicine and engineering, and in finding opportunities for the poor to attain such an education.
_	Further anatomical study led him to the conclusion that 'individual Africans differ as much, or even more, from other individual Africans as Europeans differ from Europeans'.
_	Geologists Carpenter and Russell studied Devils Tower in the late 19th century and came to the conclusion that it was formed by an igneous intrusion.
_	Others, including John Nelson Darby and Benjamin Wills Newton, whom the Plymouth Brethren sent on their behalf to investigate, came to the conclusion that these displays were demonic.
_	He came to the conclusion that he would offer his collection of manuscripts to the Republic of Venice, on condition that it should be properly housed, and should never be sold or divided.
_	Molecular studies led to the conclusion that the three members of "Carinarion" are a single species-level taxon.
_	Consequently, he came to the conclusion that methanogens are basically different from bacteria.
_	The investigation by political scientist Gudrun Hentges came to the conclusion that the identitarian movement is ideologically situated between the French National Front, the Nouvelle Droite, and neo-Nazism.
_	While backstage at the 2013 Orion Music + More festival, the members of Rise Against attempted to catalog their lesser known B-sides and covers, but came to the conclusion that there were some songs that they did not own copies of.
_	We have come to the conclusion that the National Electoral Commission is not ready.
_	After only four terms, he came to the conclusion that he had no interest in school mastering and after a six-month break he started studying for entrance examinations to join the Indian Civil Service (ICS).
_	Although client Schuldiner had said about Greif "we just came to the conclusion that it was stupid just fighting all the time, taking each other to court and all that stupid shit", by the mid-1990s
_	Current evidence leads to the conclusion that K'ak' Tiliw Chan Yopaat died in 785 AD.
_	After revealing that, the Stig was shown "attacking" the Scouts, and the presenters coming to the conclusion that he is either terrified of Scouts or was a Girl Guide.
_	Temperature and humidity recordings show that variations in temperature of the inner and outer surfaces no greater than + / - 1 °C. Thermal imaging confirms this, which leads to the conclusion that there is no noticeable difference in temperature outside or inside the house.
_	As a metaphysical position, solipsism goes further to the conclusion that the world and other minds do not exist.
_	A study in 2001 based on both nuclear and plastid gene sequences led to the conclusion that the broadly defined "Zigadenus" was polyphyletic; in particular the genera "Schoenocaulon" and "Veratrum"-"Melanthium" were nested inside it.
_	The CRuPAC starts by stating the conclusion that the author wishes the reader (or judge) to reach.
_	This physiological data along with psychoanalytical data help her come to the conclusion that there wasn't a historical defeat of the female sex.
_	The book was praised by "The Economist" with the conclusion that "It should be read by friends and foes of Israel alike."
_	However, formalisms have also been developed that allow calculation of the dimension of other less simple objects, where, based solely on its properties of scaling and self-similarity, one is led to the conclusion that particular objects—including fractals—have non-integer Hausdorff dimensions.
_	After a tense discussion about the issue Gabrielle and Lynette come to the conclusion that since Bree is the only one who has received any letters, then maybe who ever this person is only wants her.
_	They reached the conclusion that it was "Namie Amuro", who at the time had seen her career fade following a hiatus.
_	This lead to the conclusion that these toxins have been used in Southeast Asia and Afghanistan.
_	In October 2017, "The New Yorker" published an article looking at the situation in Nevada in which professional guardians sometimes have a number of clients, and argued toward the conclusion that in a number of cases the courts did not properly oversee these arrangements.
_	He immediately jumps to the conclusion that she is a most attractive barmaid and loses his heart to her in short order.
_	Scientific methods to investigate applications of waste water additives have come to the conclusion that long-term beneficial effects are not proven.
_	6) Since natural and obvious requirements have forced the conclusion that photon "2" simultaneously possesses incompatible properties, this means that, even if it is not possible to determine these properties simultaneously and with arbitrary precision, they are nevertheless possessed objectively by the system.
_	This was how he came to the conclusion that slavery was cruel, but was wary about voting for a franchise extension.
_	These three principles lead to the conclusion that there is no moral knowledge.
_	However, she comes to the conclusion that the number is exactly the same either way.
_	After using others' research, Lewis and Critchley came to the conclusion that there is neural basis for the influence of mood at encoding and that this influence at the base relates to activity of emotion specific regions of the brain.
_	Hirani also revealed that he did initially get "attracted to all the anecdotes [that Dutt was conveying]" but soon "realized it was not enough – we had to be able to string it all together." which led him to come to the conclusion that "people need to know is his gun story [and his drug story], because it is important.
_	He came to the conclusion that he was incorrect for saying these comments the following day after he received hundreds of emails and SMSes in fact showing the opposite ideals.
_	Back at the Batcave, Batgirl examines the apple found at the crash and discovers a live plant inside, coming to the conclusion that Poison Ivy had implanted such a creature inside the mayor and is blackmailing him for money and power.
_	A 2001 book by Edwin Black, entitled "IBM and the Holocaust", reached the conclusion that IBM's commercial activities in Germany during World War II make it morally complicit in the Holocaust.
_	The Yale Forum on Climate Change & The Media noted that the series shows what scientists do in the field "and why they’re reaching the conclusion that this problem is such a serious risk to the viability of our civilization and requires urgent action.
_	A clinical study showed that nocturnal acid breakthrough duration was significantly shorter for 40 mg of tenatoprazole than for 40 mg of esomeprazole, with the conclusion that tenatoprazole was significantly more potent than esomeprazole during the night.
_	Peterson and Middleton investigated sampling and reconstruction of wave number limited M dimensional functions and came to the conclusion that the optimal sampling lattice, in general, is not hexagonal.
_	He draws the conclusion that only one case is authentic: that of Marie-Angélique Memmie Le Blanc.
_	I.V. Kalinina, based on the study of ceramics came to the conclusion that there are two distinct cultures: Volga-Kama pitted pottery and Kama combed pottery.
_	In the season 1 finale, Spencer came to the conclusion that she wasn't straight, and that she was in love with Ashley.
_	On 23 January 2016, Finnish Foreign Minister Timo Soini, member of the Finns Party was reported discussing at the northern border of Salla about inward "people smuggling", and noting that the conclusion that somebody at the Russian side was organizing and regulating the inflow of immigrants was in his mind apparently true.
_	The title refers to the main character and his colleagues; the front matter explains that von Igelfeld “"had heard the three of them described as the Three Pillars of Wisdom, but looking at Professor Dr Detlev Amadeus Unterholzer he came to the conclusion that perhaps The 2½ Pillars of Wisdom might be more appropriate"”.
_	They reach the conclusion that Jesse was either serious... or drunk.
_	If we cannot rely on our usual modes of inference in reasoning about God, we cannot argue for the conclusion that God is not distinct from his properties.
_	A version of the MBH99 graph was featured prominently in the 2001 IPCC Third Assessment Report (TAR), which also drew on Jones et al. 1998 and three other reconstructions to support the conclusion that, in the Northern Hemisphere, the 1990s was likely to have been the warmest decade and 1998 the warmest year during the past 1,000 years.
_	Gluzman came to the conclusion that Grigorenko was mentally sane and had been taken to mental hospitals for political reasons.
_	The advances in experimental investigation on local lattice fluctuations have driven the community to the conclusion that it is a problem of quantum physics in complex matter.
_	Such experiments have led to the conclusion that the absolutely required number of genes for bacteria is on the order of about 250–300.
_	In court on Wednesday, Montoya apologized for his role in the cocaine trade, saying that he had "come to the conclusion that there is nothing I could ever do to repair the great harm I have caused".
_	This ideal example shows that a linear transformation might not be appropriate in all cases, though a simulation study by van de Velden, Groenen and Poblome comes to the conclusion that the predictions of the approach are quite good.
_	Initially a supporter, however not militant, of the Communist Party, he became disappointed with it during the course of the war, eventually coming to the conclusion that the Communists had betrayed the Republic.
_	If Berg came to the conclusion that the Germans were close, he had orders to shoot Heisenberg; Berg determined that the Germans were not close.
_	Luke comes to the conclusion that Tavion plans to restore the Sith to power by using the stolen Force energy to resurrect the ancient Sith Lord, Marka Ragnos (Peter Lurie).
_	Gates based his thinking in part on a debatable approach to intelligence estimates, which took account of Soviet intentions as well as capabilities, leading to the conclusion that the disparity between the number of Soviet and U.S. missiles by 1962 or 1963 would not be as great as estimated during the McElroy period.
_	The Alpha Flight member Nemesis came to the conclusion that she would have to kill him with her enchanted blade in order to stop him from dying in the future.
_	He remarked that the rhetorical organization of points in the statement, inadvertently or deliberately, seemed to him to build up to the conclusion that the black-white racial gap had a genetic cause.
_	Eventually he comes to the conclusion that there is no hope and that it is useless to try and dissuade the killer.
_	He claims that these and related mathematical results lead (intuitively) to the conclusion that Continuum Hypothesis has a truth value and the Platonistic approach is reasonable.
_	The comparison adds to the conclusion that the Howth guns were bought primarily for the publicity effect and, while lethal, did not compare to the Larne guns on a like-for-like basis.
_	In 1932 he came to the conclusion that the ¾ power of body weight was the most reliable basis for predicting the basal metabolic rate (BMR) of animals and for comparing nutrient requirements among animals of different size.
_	He also provided the basis for the conclusion that total efficiency of energy utilization is independent of body size.
_	This leads to the conclusion that some parts of northern Tamil Nadu was under the rule of this Western Ganga King Rajamalla II.
_	The August 2009 edition of "Practical Sailor" magazine tested various knots used for lengthwise tension applications, and came to the conclusion that when using modern synthetic rope the rolling hitch could not be regarded as secure.
_	During the controversy one criticism was that Andrews justified his decision based on "concerns raised by the community", however no official report or inquest has been tendered, leading to the conclusion that any 'concerns' were both unofficial, undocumented and most probably belonging to a racially intolerant minority.
_	The following year he established a Cocoa Experiment Station at Tafo to carry out research into appropriate control methods, but came to the conclusion that the best solution was to breed a resistant variety of cocoa tree.
_	However, after looking at sales figures, Devil Due's staff came to the conclusion that any attempt to revive the line would not be financially viable.
_	The network hired a forensic scientist who examined the film reel and picture and came to the conclusion that it was indeed McAlary.
_	Upon little reflection, however, we are led to the conclusion that the ball or incandescent mass, of whatever shape it be, will always move from the place where an explosion occurred first, to some place where such an explosion occurred later.
_	According to Українська правда, the examiners came to the conclusion that most of the members of the Nachtigall Battalion knew about the terrible killings done by the NKVD, and that among the victims were members of the families of a number of the soldiers.
_	Following an assessment of the German defenses, Cunliffe came to the conclusion that the weakest positions could be attacked from the north.
_	The supposed miracle attributed to his intercession was taken to a medical board in Rome on 24 April 2015 and the commission came to the conclusion that it was not a miracle that could be attributed to Luciani.
_	In 1855, reviewing the various substances that had been obtained from glycerin, he reached the conclusion that glycerin is a body of alcoholic nature formed on the type of three molecules of water, as common alcohol is on that of one, and was thus led (1856) to the discovery of the glycols or diatonic alcohols, bodies similarly related to the double water type.
_	They are, therefore, interrelated, and, in most cases, it will be their convergence that will justify the conclusion that a punishment is "cruel and unusual."
_	He came to the conclusion that Obama was mostly hype, and in actuality, "He's an inept civil servant who stinks."
_	The report endorses the government's implication of Ivins: circumstantial evidence from Ivins' psychiatric history supported the conclusion that Ivins was the anthrax killer.
_	As a result of the uproar following the publication, the newspaper appointed an independent investigator, the psychiatrist Netanel Laor, who came to the conclusion that Aviner was innocent, though maybe guilty of practicing therapy without the backing of a professional.
_	The positions of the two figures are reversed from the "Arnolfini Portrait" with the conclusion that Birtwell is the assertive partner.
_	Le Roy Ladurie was later to write that the sight of Soviet tanks crushing the ordinary people of Hungary in 1956 who were merely demanding basic human rights led to reject his optimism of the late 1940s that the Soviet Union represented the best hope of humanity and instead led him to the conclusion that communism was an inhumane, totalitarian ideology that oppressed people in the Soviet Union, Hungary and elsewhere.
_	John R. Lee, a Harvard graduate who wrote a book on the subject, came to the conclusion that by adding supplementation with natural progesterone to an existing natural osteoporosis treatment program, bone density was increased every year by 3-5% until it stabilized at the bone density levels expected for a 35-year-old woman, this after studies in 100 women between 38 and 83 with an average of 62 years old.
_	Realizing that she cannot allow Eddie Fender's blood to fall into the wrong hands, Sita comes to the conclusion that she must burn down the entire house.
_	The C-87 was in a prohibited area and made no radio calls, which led to the conclusion that it was hostile.
_	He drew the conclusion that at any moment, there is a point on the surface that is not moving.
_	Their atrocities at Ningpo and Macao, and their subsequent servility, had opened the eyes of the Celestials to their true character, and unfortunately for other European adventurers, they had come to the conclusion that all western nations were alike.
_	From the abundance of coins found, especially those of lower value, one can draw the conclusion that the money was used widely in everyday life.
_	The meeting led to the conclusion that the show had to be allowed to go on.
_	For reasons related to the preservation of information, the Federation came to the conclusion that it had to take down the website and make the "Essence Of The Monkey" book available to its Advanced and Masters students only.
_	Consequently, since the narrative states that Ichabod was the son of Phinehas, and that Phinehas was the son of Eli, a number of scholars have drawn the conclusion that Eli must be a descendant of Ithamar.
_	one must draw the conclusion that news affirming the existence of Ufos is welcome, but that skepticism seems to be undesirable.
_	He came to the conclusion that at the root of the League's problems were nationalism and the democracies' ignorance of their own share of the world's economic and military power.
_	The investigation committee came after conclusion of its investigation only to the conclusion that the police use against the demonstrators was decidedly too hard.
_	While noting that a more detailed disclosure of the administration's legal rationale "would allow for intelligent discussion and assessment of a tactic that (like torture before it) remains hotly debated", McMahon came to the conclusion that the Freedom of Information Act did not permit her to require such transparency.
_	By this time, Hitler had come to the conclusion that while Sima was ideologically closer to him, Antonescu was the more competent leader capable of ensuring stability in Romania while being committed to aligning his country with the Axis.
_	The Book of Jubilees also supports the conclusion that Keturah and Hagar were two different people, by stating that Abraham waited until after Hagar's death before marrying Keturah.
_	Jumping to the conclusion that Hanka and Mariusz must be continuing their affair, Roman leaves a note for Hanka at his flat.
_	An examination on the position of wear on the base of stick heads that have been used over a period on an abrasive playing surface lead to the conclusion that the ball is positioned close to the center of the head length of the modern stick.
_	This led to the conclusion that papain cleaves on the amino-terminal side of the disulfide bond, and pepsin cleaves on the carboxyl-terminal side.
_	For example, if the average time it takes for a base pair of the cytochrome c gene to mutate is N years, the number of amino acids making up the cytochrome c protein in monkeys differ by one from that of humans, this leads to the conclusion that the two species diverged N years ago.
_	Reaney comes to the conclusion that the prosecution side was hampered throughout the trial as their only hard evidence was the testimony of young O’Conner.
_	In 2015, a study of galactic mid-infrared emissions came to the conclusion that "Kardashev Type-III civilizations are either very rare or do not exist in the local Universe".
_	He arrived at the conclusion that medieval Japan was neither a single culturally nor socially integrated state, but rather a mosaic of quite distinct societies, some of which knew nothing, for example, about the Japanese emperor.
_	It comes to the conclusion that the treaty does not create a European federal state (which would invalidate the Basic Law and require a referendum), that the structural democratic deficit of the EU institutions cannot be resolved in an association of sovereign national states (since it would break the principle of the equality of states), and that the substance of German state authority is protected.
_	Back on Earth, Power Girl and Oracle come to the conclusion that there's little they can do for Canary other than hope.
_	However, he also came to the conclusion that the sequence of adventures from Circe onwards derived from a separate itinerary to the sequence that ended with the Laestrygonians and was possibly derived from the stories of the Argonauts.
_	Good cases have been made for both exilic and post-exilic composition, leading to the conclusion that it has at least two layers, spanning a broad time period of 571–486 BCE.
_	Rush drew the conclusion that "whites should not tyrannize over [blacks], for their disease should entitle them to a double portion of humanity.
_	Nevertheless, as scholars have continued to researched they have come to the conclusion that the representation of Moses with horns may have been “referring to one of the most famous depictions of Moses in sculpture, the statue by Michelangelo that forms part of part of the tomb of Pope Julius II.
_	Francis Bacon (1561–1626) entered Trinity College, Cambridge in April 1573, where he applied himself diligently to the several sciences as then taught, and came to the conclusion that the methods employed and the results attained were alike erroneous; he learned to despise the current Aristotelian philosophy.
_	Critics of Salmon's alleged proof acknowledge that the highlighted difference between <"x", "y"> and <"x", "x">—that there is a fact whether the elements of the latter, but not of the former, are the same thing—is genuine, but respond that it does not validly support the conclusion that those pairs are not the same.
_	Archaeological finds from the time of the Celtic habitation of the Glan-Nahe region have led to the conclusion that even a few centuries before the Christian Era, there were people living in scattered homesteads here.
_	This experience resulted in the conclusion that China's C2 infrastructure could not survive a conflict with a technically advanced enemy.
_	Some time later the patients wake up and find out that the nurse is not there and they come to the conclusion that the apocalypse has happened.
_	A disturbing number of prominent scientists have jumped all too easily to the conclusion that only the nuts see UFOs".
_	He also attempted to involve the French government in his idea, but the French consul, after making some inquiries, came to the conclusion that de Tounens was insane.
_	She then notices Ellie counting some money after the man left, and comes to the conclusion that Ellie is a prostitute.
_	He comes to the conclusion that Jonah admirably understands that "his dreadful punishment is just."
_	Finally, he ponders on antisemitism amongst blacks and comes to the conclusion that the hatred boils down to Jews being white and more powerful than Negroes.
_	One night he awoke and heard noises and came to the conclusion that the house had been broken into, so Ari recommended a high-security connection that he had to hopefully track down the stalker, but it turned out to be sorority girls who had stolen Turtle's boxers because he was Jamie-Lynn Sigler's boyfriend.
_	Father Gnanapragasar in his study of the Place Names of Jaffna has come to the conclusion that the term Mathakal is derived from the Sinhala word "Meda-gala" the middle or central head-land.
_	By the time measurements of Mesopotamia were discovered, by doing various exercises of mathematics on the definitions of the major ancient measurement systems, various people (Jean-Adolphe Decourdemanche in 1909, August Oxé in 1942) came to the conclusion that the relationship between them was well planned.
_	After coming to the conclusion that they cannot complete their journey due to just being ‘kids’, they tearfully give up but Mindy arrives and pretends to use her 'mermaid magic' to turn them into men.
_	Peter manages to grab Nathan's hand, but in the end they both come to the conclusion that it is Nathan's time, so Peter lets him go and watches as a weeping Nathan falls.
_	Arch. Instituts", 1904, 46) seem to lead to the conclusion that an ancient road crossed the Apennines from it, following the line of the modern road (more or less that of the modern railway from Sarzana to Parma), and dividing near Pontremoli, one branch going to Borgotaro, Veleia and Placentia, and the other over the Cisa pass to Forum Novum (Fornovo) and Parma.
_	The Security Service (MI5) came to the conclusion that he served as "a focal point" for worldwide Croatian exile activities.
_	They arrived at the conclusion that MACT embodied their organizations main focus of encouraging interactions between all races and fighting discrimination and homophobia in all forms.
_	Dr. Moore came to the conclusion that the Trinity Parish Day elementary school and St. Thomas Parish Day secondary school should be consolidated and the programs enriched to better prepare Liberian students for higher and professional vocation at the university level.
_	The European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) reviewed the safety question in 2006 and reached the conclusion that there was not sufficient evidence to set a UL for vitamin C. The Japan National Institute of Health and Nutrition reviewed the same question in 2010 and also reached the conclusion that there was not sufficient evidence to set a UL.
_	The Aztecs fail to protect the Tabasco from the Spanish and come to the conclusion that the Spanish are their enemies as well as the Tlaxcala and proceed to defeat the Tlaxcala, who have allied with the Spanish, and steal some Spanish horses as well.
_	These people came to the conclusion that I cannot skate at all.
_	He with his friends came to the conclusion that the issue must be brought to all India political forums.
_	This recognition of the “naturalness” of homosexuality lead to the conclusion that gays, including lesbian women, were entitled to full social recognition.
_	Johnston was also one of the first countercultural and lesbian writers at "Ms." magazine, eventually coming to the conclusion that the magazine was too mainstream, ultimately presenting feminism as palatable, family-friendly and safe.
_	On March 10, Okamoto, the chairman of the city education committee stated at the city assembly that they had reached the conclusion that the pupils should attend the school.
_	Historian and writer Jessica Chapman said "Even Diệm apologists like Anthony Trawick Bouscaren and American CIA officer Edward Lansdale concur with the prime minister's harshest critics on the conclusion that the South Vietnamese government was either incapable of or unwilling to hold a truly free, representative plebiscite".
_	Looked at overall, I have reached the conclusion that the balance is weighted, quite strongly, in favour of the vendor and that in all the circumstances the provision should be given effect and be conclusive as between the parties.
_	Well, I came to the conclusion that maybe I could.'
_	On Russia today he is pessimistic, 'My analysis led to the conclusion that the country has no real positive development.
_	And considering that today Russia is a nuclear power, and that revolution in a country where there is a huge number of nuclear weapons is an incredibly dangerous thing for the existence of the whole world, I came to the conclusion that something had to be done.
_	He brings this information to the attention of the detective on the case, Det. Mackie (Chris Ellis), and comes to the conclusion that the same serial killer has arrived in Chicago.
_	Seeking the reasons for the American decline, he came to the conclusion that the turning point was the Americans' failure to launch a ground invasion of North Vietnam in 1969, and that such an invasion would have enabled the US to win the Vietnam War and retain its status as the dominant world power.
_	But he had also reached the conclusion that he did not want to practice engineering.
_	In a 1980 landmark study, Raymond E. Wolfinger and Steven J. Rosenstone came to the conclusion that less restrictive registration requirements would substantially increase the electoral turnout.
_	After living two years in constant fear, the family reached the conclusion that Stalin would not harm them.
_	Although once thought to be members of the order Didelphimorphia (the order that contains the Virginia opossum), an accumulation of both anatomical and genetic evidence in recent years has led to the conclusion that microbiotheres are not didelphids at all, but are instead most closely related to the Australasian marsupials; together, the microbiotheres and the Australian orders form the clade Australidelphia which are now thought to have first evolved in the South American region of Gondwana.
_	The court of the emperor drew the conclusion that the disturbances were caused by Michizane's angry spirit, and, to placate it, the emperor restored all Michizane's offices, burned the official order of exile, and ordered that the poet be worshipped under the name Tenjin, which means "sky deity".
_	When he was 17, a woman he rejected attempted suicide in front of him and Okita came to the conclusion that falling in love was not worth such pain, and he has kept his distance from women ever since.
_	With the share price down to $7, the John A. Hartford Foundation finally came to the conclusion that it could no longer wait for a turnaround.
_	Knorozov's studies in comparative linguistics drew him to the conclusion that the Mayan script should be no different from the others, and that purely logographic or ideographic scripts did not exist.
_	Blériot produced a report for the French government which came to the conclusion that the problem was not the strength of the wing spars but a failure to take into account the amount of downward force to which aircraft wings could be subjected, and that the problem could be solved by increasing the strength of the upper bracing wires.
_	In a previous U.S. Supreme Court case, "Witherspoon vs. Illinois" (1968), the Court came to the conclusion that "prospective jurors could not be disqualified from jury service simply because they voiced general objections to the death penalty or expressed conscientious or religious scruples against it.
_	A further study in 2011 using both extinct and living taxa sampled for morphological, as well as molecular data, came to the conclusion that Lissamphibia is monophyletic and that it should be nested within Lepospondyli rather than within Temnospondyli.
_	Campbell ruled: "Plaintiff asks the court to make unreasonable inferences and leap to the conclusion that because Mr. Montes and his ancestors are not Ute, the (Timpanogos Tribe), whose members include Mr. Montes, is a Shoshone tribe in existence since aboriginal times and for whom the reservation was set aside.
_	The Princess comes to the conclusion that for being so kind, the miller's son deserves to be a prince.
_	Carmel and Francis talk about leaving their chosen paths in order to be together but Carmel comes to the conclusion that Francis was sent to test her faith and decides not to go with him.
_	Reading about the lives of past Slayers, Melaka came to the conclusion that, although she was the only one of her kind in existence, she was not alone.
_	Further genetic analysis in 2005 using mitochondrial DNA and nuclear DNA has supported the conclusion that the three populations should be treated as separate species, and the separation has been adopted for management purposes by the U.S. National Marine Fisheries Service and the International Whaling Commission.
_	After suffering another loss to Robbie and Cookie on the following episode of "Impact!" in a mixed tag team match, where he teamed with Taylor Wilde, Lethal came to the conclusion that he needed to find someone who could negate Cookie the next time he went for the X Division Championship.
_	Although his firm offers the marketing services of both publicity and advertising, his firm's research points to the conclusion that publicity has a higher return on investment than advertising.
_	Three years later, writer Annette Carson, in her book "Richard III: The Maligned King" (2008), independently came to the conclusion that his body probably lay under the car park.
_	Later that day, the Minister of Labour Kate Wilkinson resigned her portfolio in response to the conclusion that the regulation and inspection of mining by the Department of Labour had failed to prevent the accident.
_	Going against the run of previous case law, it overruled the German Federal Patent Court (German: "Bundespatentgericht" or "BPatG"), and came to the conclusion that the claimed subject-matter did properly meet the 'technical' requirement, can not be excluded from patentability for that reason and that the court has to go into substantial examination.
_	And even for Darwin’s finches, widely believed to have arisen from a single pair of founders, Vincek and his colleagues came to the conclusion that the founding flock was at least 30 heads strong.
_	In 1953, the U.S. Army reached the conclusion that Henry Barracks would be closed in the near future.
_	A review came to the conclusion that VAS and numerical rating scale (NRS) were the best adapted pain scales for pain measurement in endometriosis.
_	In his description of "F. aurea", which was based on plant material collected in Florida, Thomas Nuttall considered the possibility that his plants belonged to the species that Sloane had described, but came to the conclusion that it was a new species.
_	The damage analysis came to the conclusion that the bombs were .
_	At the same time, business executives were increasingly coming to the conclusion that the Canadian domestic market was too small to exploit economies of scale.
_	He came to the conclusion that there were neither the possibilities nor an adequate milieu for a genuine Jewish life.
_	While Buddhist theory tends to equate killing animals with killing people (and avoids the conclusion that killing can sometimes be ethical, e.g. defense of others), outside of the Chinese and Vietnamese monastic tradition, most Buddhists do eat meat in practice.
_	While this derivative would prove incorrect as it relates to TDR, scientists of the time still correctly came to the conclusion that the derivative would react with the amine to produce the diazonium ion.
_	By this line of conceptual thinking, one can easily reach the conclusion that the radiation emanating from a monopole antenna exists in half the space of similar dipole antenna.
_	Whatever may be the date of the introduction of the worm, its geographical distribution at present day, and the fact species first introduced was a multivoltine, seem to me to lead to the conclusion that the insect was first introduced into India from the north-east (i.e. Assam)"".
_	"Glamour" claims that National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health data supports the conclusion that teenagers making virginity pledges, including those promulgated through purity balls, usually do not adhere to the required standard of chastity, and are less prepared to utilize safe sex practices to mitigate the risks when engaging in sexual activity.
_	Based upon his visits to Newfoundland and Nova Scotia, Gobineau reached the conclusion that all people in North America were hopelessly materialistic and Western civilization only existed in Europe.
_	A beholder gazing for the first time upon an experienced artist, compounding this beverage, would naturally come to the conclusion that it was a nectar for Pluto rather than Bacchus.
_	Subsequently, Hong had supposedly experienced mystical visions in the wake of his third failure of the imperial examinations in 1837 and after failing for a fourth time in 1843, he sat down to carefully examine the tracts with his distant cousin Feng Yunshan, believing that they were "the key to interpreting his visions" coming to the conclusion that he was "the son of God the Father and the younger brother of Jesus Christ who had been directed to rid the world of demon worship."
_	A meeting of the heads of the state security agencies of Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, and Uzbekistan, held in Osh in the spring of 1995, also drew the conclusion that ethnic, social, and economic conditions in Osh were increasingly similar to those in Tajikistan in the late 1980s, thus recognizing the contagion of Tajikistan's instability.
_	Bianconi argued that "enlightened application of laws of mechanics, physics, physiology" led to the conclusion that every part of an organism had been created by the "unlimited intelligence" of God.
_	This led Broadbent to the conclusion that there must be a "filter" mechanism in the brain that could block out information that was not selectively attended to.
_	Goldstone stated that the mission "wasn't an investigation, it was a fact-finding mission" and that the conclusion that war crimes had been committed "was always intended as conditional".
_	West comes to the conclusion that while he will never be able to live up to people's expectations and will always be disadvantageously flawed; it's all these imperfections and more that serve to make up who he is.
_	After the sessions were completed, Porcell and Siegler listened to the finished mixes while on the Youth of Today European tour and came to the conclusion that while the performances were good, the recordings were not up to the standards of what they had done in the past with Youth of Today.
_	Eventually Okutsu understands Daddy and Happie's life is a parable of the way as goes the people live, and comes to the conclusion that in the end, we all are like a stargazing dog, always dreaming a way to reach the impossible.
_	These actions are not explicitly defined by the law as indicators of consent; however, the court may come to the conclusion that these actions in some way implied consent, as has often been the result in non-stranger rape cases.
_	In reference to "on-off" ganglion cells—which respond to both the transition from light to dark and the transition from dark to light—and also had very restricted receptive fields of visual angle (about the size of a fly at the distance that the frog could strike), Barlow stated, "It is difficult to avoid the conclusion that the 'on-off' units are matched to the stimulus and act as fly detectors".
_	The design allows the use of the Compute Module in harsh industrial environments, leading to the conclusion that the Raspberry Pi is no longer limited to home and science projects, but can be widely used as an Industrial IoT solution and achieve goals of Industry 4.0.
_	In these writings and videos, he expressed his willingness to commit suicide, addressed the personal tragedies and other misfortunes he experienced which led him to a state of depression, described coming to the conclusion that he was transgender after years of secretly cross-dressing, and explained his plans on carrying out the shooting in detail.
_	Modern analysis of the provenance and paint analysis leads to the conclusion that the 19th-century painter Ignatius Van Regemorter (1795–1873) was probably the one who did the overpainting, at some time after he or his father purchased it in 1825.
_	Peering into the taverns and opera houses and faro parlors of the Jacksonian era she came to the conclusion that the primal scene occurred in humor.
_	A Cochrane review came to the conclusion that a greater volume of milk is expressed whilst listening to relaxing audio during breastfeeding, along with warming and massaging of the breast prior to and during feeding.
_	This leads to the conclusion that there is no classical polynomial-time algorithm for the exact boson sampling problem.
_	Dealing with her father (Joy Mathew) and here Sathya came to the conclusion that Maya is very bold and intelligent and it is not very easy to convince her and her father.
_	Grooves in the floors of niches and holes in the tops of altars have led to the conclusion that betyls may have been stored for safe-keeping then transported to the worship site.
_	However, after meeting Gapon in 1903, the Karelins came to the conclusion that he was "an honest man" and decided to cooperate with him.
_	A paradox introduced by Sanford J. Grossman and Joseph Stiglitz in a joint publication in American Economic Review in 1980 that introduces that idea that because information is costly, prices cannot perfectly reflect the information which is available, since if it did, those who spent resources to obtain it would receive no compensation, leading to the conclusion that an informationally efficient market is impossible.
_	The popular business newspaper "Vedomosti" and other news media came to the conclusion that this prominence was connected to the government's intent to control assets of the largest private energy holding in Russia.
_	When Scott Windsor is left comatose from Zoe Tate's multiple injections of ketamine, Warren eventually comes to the conclusion that injecting Scott is defending herself from attack but injecting him twice means Zoe planned to kill Scott.
_	Nara, Anachronism, and Bloodstone manage to survive falling into the chasm and come to the conclusion that Apex is manipulating Death Locket and Kid Briton to her own ends.
_	The developers came to the conclusion that the story was stronger should Abe come from a factory existence and later reveal one of self-sustenance, and as such the concept was eventually changed.
_	The Methodist Conference commissioned William Atherton, Richard Treffry and Samuel Jackson to report on Wesleyan Methodist (as distinct from Primitive Methodist) schools, coming to the conclusion that if the Church were to prosper the system of Sunday schools (3,339 in number at that time, with 59,277 teachers and 341,442 pupils) must be augmented by day-schools with teachers educated to high school level.
_	A fee simple subject to a condition subsequent is created when the words of a grant support the conclusion that the grantor intends to convey a fee simple absolute but has attached a condition to the grant so that if a specified future event happens the grantor will get its fee simple absolute back, provided that the grantor exercises his right of entry (or power of termination).
_	Such numbers have elicited a similar reaction from other historians; Götz Aly for instance, has come to the conclusion that the Holocaust was in fact a "European project."
_	Spain had already come to the conclusion that Maori at Te Aro, Kumutoto, Pipitea and Kaiwharawhara pā had had no intention of selling their pā, cultivations and burial grounds and would not now move, and that reserves allotted them by the company, mainly on hilly ground, were unsuitable.
_	After he leaves, she reads down the paper which is a list of complains Luke has with her and comes to the conclusion that their marriage has fallen apart.
_	Timmons and Bygrave came to the conclusion that the number of Venture capital firms and the amount of money raised grew rapidly from 1976 to 1984, due to a considerable tax cut in 1979.
_	Essentially, this decision supported the conclusion that prisons must prioritize their own security and well-being over the privacy rights of inmates.
_	Of the ten original members of the cooperative, at least four were blacklisted or questioned by the House Un-American Activities Committee, leading to the conclusion that the project was "a cooperative living experiment for a group of communists."
_	Upon hearing this, Fields drew the conclusion that Chan had given Penner the clues she had just shared, and that the two men were in an alliance that excluded her.
_	However, Joe discovers evidence that the MI6 agent was framed, Alan realises the technical plans have been largely faked and the team comes to the conclusion that 'Operation Glass' was an overly elaborate feint by the Russians.
_	A review of the genetics of inbreeding depression in wild animal and plant populations, as well as in humans, led to the conclusion that inbreeding depression and its opposite, heterosis (hybrid vigor), are predominantly caused by the presence of recessive deleterious alleles in populations.
_	On more than one occasion, Grey acted as arbitrator between the government of the Orange Free State and the natives, eventually drawing the conclusion that a federated South Africa would be a good thing for everyone.
_	When the assumption that the Lie group be compact is dropped, a similar result holds, but with the conclusion that infinite-volume Gibbs states do not exist.
_	Khvostov had come to the conclusion that Rasputin was a German spy or agent.
_	When efforts were made to establish a better working relationship ... the Arabs came to the conclusion that they were already regarded as full-fledged partners in the Axis.
_	They reached the conclusion that the Russian Orthodox Church had, as a result of errors of incompetent copyists, developed rites and liturgical books of its own that had significantly deviated from the Greek originals.
_	Bogart's biographers have come to the conclusion that the straight-talking star was genuinely disgusted at being manipulated by the Communist Party.
_	He played six games of the 1978–79 season and came to the conclusion that he could no longer play and informed the Black Hawks that he was retiring.
_	Instead, the evidence points to the conclusion that "laeti" were a crucial source of first-rate recruits to late Roman army.
_	Justice Rumpff stated: "On all the evidence presented to this court and on our findings of fact, it is impossible for this court to come to the conclusion that the African National Congress has acquired or adopted a policy to overthrow the state by violence, that is, in the sense that the masses had to be prepared or conditioned to commit direct acts of violence against the state."
_	His analysis of the insect evidence led to the conclusion that the child had died seven years earlier.
_	In contrast, the philosophy of Metaphysical naturalism argues for the conclusion that there are no supernatural entities, objects, or powers.
_	Brennan suddenly comes to the conclusion that it would be impossible for Eva to kill herself, as the room was only 12 feet wide, and she could not have been running fast enough to stab herself the way the body was.
_	However the Delhi High Court bench composed of Justice R Aggarwal and Justice M Sharief-Ud-Din while stating that "the expressions and the language, used in the offending passages are very strong and in our view should have been avoided by Shri Lekhi" on a careful consideration to all the aspects of the case, came to the conclusion that the petition should not be proceeded with.
_	Argentine journalist Eduardo Puppo and Romanian mathematician Marian Ciulpan investigated the 1973–78 period records, and delivered a detailed report with more than 1,200 pages in which they came to the conclusion that Vilas should have been ranked No. 1 for five weeks in 1975 as well as during the first two weeks of 1976 and handed over their research to the ATP at the end of 2014.
_	The book makes a number of incorrect claims and has been ridiculed by scholars who have worked with the Dead Sea scrolls and who have come to the conclusion that Jesus and early Christianity are very different from the ideas and people represented in the Dead Sea scrolls.
_	The major conflict of the film comes from a computer artificial intelligence, similar to the hivemind world Gaia in the "Foundation" series, reaching the conclusion that humanity is incapable of taking care of itself.
_	David inferred that these results strongly support the conclusion that female mate choice yields genetic benefits for offspring as eye span acts as a truthful indicator of male fitness.
_	Locals say he was also "indoctrinated" by local loyalist paramilitaries; however he had personally come to the conclusion that the UVF was the only organisation that had the "moral right" to defend the Protestant people.
_	The interbellum was the time when part of them came to the conclusion that they are Macedonians.
_	After Heaviside's attempts to generalize Maxwell's equations, Heaviside came to the conclusion that electromagnetic waves were not to be found as longitudinal waves in ""free space"" or homogeneous media.
_	Neuberger came to the conclusion that within five to six years it would be bankrupt and he persuaded colleagues to dissolve the Institute.
_	What emerges then, from this evidence, is the conclusion that a type of permanence and universality of magic had developed in the Greco-Roman world by the Hellenistic period if not earlier.
_	As a matter of fact, the local governance body, the Kargopol Duma, in September 1894 twice discussed the issue, came to the conclusion that the railroad construction indeed would deteriorate the trade, but that if it does not pass Kargopol, the damage would be much stronger.
_	He quickly comes to the conclusion that the practice of medicine, especially when involving poor patients, needs a lot more compassion.
_	In the years after Armstrong's death in 1986, Worldwide Church of God leaders came to the conclusion that many of his doctrines were not biblical.
_	He came to the conclusion that Mariana's film "was the one sighting of all time that did more than any other single case to convince me that there is something to the UFO problem".
_	Tyler's analysis came to the conclusion that it was out of the normal range of "H. erectus".
_	By studying slip inversions of several real earthquakes, Heaton came to the conclusion that the crack like view is not always true.
_	In the mid-19th century, manor owners in Estonia found the native Estonian Horse too small for their agricultural needs, and came to the conclusion that the population would benefit from crossbreeding.
_	These results lead to the conclusion that Dscam1 diversity is not required in individual neurons for self-avoidance.
_	In August, following a failed relationship, Nilsen came to the conclusion that his personal lifestyle was at odds with his professional life.
_	Secretary of War Hurley cabled Ted, "The President has reached the conclusion that you should not leave your duties for the purpose of participating in the campaign...
_	After realizing that she was hitting a wall creatively, she came to the conclusion that she wanted to start singing, telling "W": "I was just out there freestyling without writing any songs ... I needed to find some inspiration."
_	Increasingly many Algerian Muslims started to reach the conclusion that the French would never allow them real equality, and the solution was independence for Algeria.
_	Septimus and Beetle come to the conclusion that since Jim Knee was in a golden bottle, he has the power to overcome the warrior jinnie because gold is purer than lead.
_	This leads Merrt to the conclusion that it is a "unlucky rifle for an unlucky man" due to its constant jamming and the tainted nature of the weapon.
_	Soon, Berlin comes to the conclusion that Prützmann is a Jew, which definitively turns the tide against the coup.
_	Gateway News' Luchae Williams drew the conclusion that "Where His Light Was" is "thoughtful and bold, showcasing the singer’s ability to not only pen her own hits but also deliver them in a way that is sincere and honest."
_	For O'Connor, mere formalism dictated the conclusion that the "statutory maximum" was the greatest sentence the judge could legally impose based on the facts found by the jury or admitted by the defendant, and formalism was not a virtue she felt was worth vindicating.
_	House figures out that when Fletcher is talking about a bear, he is talking about a polar bear – leading to the conclusion that Fletcher is bipolar and has been using sleeping pills at night and amphetamines during the day.
_	Recently political scientist Ernesto Galli della Loggia analyzed the issue of the Italian peculiarity, coming to the conclusion that Italian society is characterized by a trace of violence.
_	All of them used leaflets and wall slogans to agitate against the war, against the regime of Adolf Hitler and the Nazis, and all came to the conclusion that the war Germany was leading, then two years old, could not be won.
_	On March 13, 2009 a Verkhovna Rada temporary commission on the issues of investigating violations of legislation by the officials of the Kiev city state administration and the Kiev city council came to the conclusion that it was necessary to examine the mental and physical state of Chernovetskyi, however, the procedure could be performed against his will only under a court ruling.
_	It was Delbruck’s findings that rendered the conclusion that the Tabularium served as a house of public records.
_	Disappointed with the results, Connell came to the conclusion that change was not possible through a third party but only through working within mainstream parties.
_	By 1953, the U.S. Department of the Army had reached the conclusion that Henry Barracks would be closed in the near future.
_	The team slowly comes to the conclusion that they are facing a rather unearthly killer.
_	Some sources make the case that the Shinryū II was to be used like the 'Baka' while others come to the conclusion that the Shinryū
_	The knowledge that the ships leaving Belgium for the Congo carried only guns, chains, ordnance and explosives, but no commercial goods, while ships arriving from the colony came back full of valuable products such as raw rubber and ivory, led him to the conclusion that Belgian King Leopold II's policy was exploitative and a type of slavery.
_	Magnussen's stupidity worked against him as Carroll become convinced that nobody could be as stupid as Magnussen was, which led him to the conclusion that Magnussen must be an undercover policeman working to destroy the Angels from within.
_	Historian F. W. Perry wrote, "it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that the results achieved by the force did not represent an adequate return for the resources invested".
_	Reviewer Kurt Shoemaker of Texas, US, wrote in the "SA Rock Digest" e-mag on 27 November 1999: "I cannot think of any performers or groups to compare the Radio Rats to, so I'm left with the conclusion that in rock this is original stuff.
_	In July 2012, Cassingham sent a message to the True Stella Awards mailing list, announcing that after several abortive attempts to restart the list he came to the conclusion that he had said everything about the subject of frivolous lawsuits that he had intended to say, and so was shutting down the Stella Awards.
_	This observation led to the conclusion that neither rods nor cones, located in the outer retina, are necessary for circadian entrainment and that a third class of photoreceptor exists in the mammalian eye.
_	"In the musician lifestyle we always seem to be searching for something and we never seem to find it...I've come to the conclusion that the only stability for a musician is instability.
_	According to "Homeland Preparedness News", "Among the report's chief findings was the conclusion that the United States lacks a single federal leader for biodefense, a comprehensive national strategy and a dedicated biodefense budget."
_	In 1878, he published findings from studies involving dogs and monkeys that led to the conclusion that vision was localized in the occipital cortical area.
_	As a consequence of his efforts, the Central Committee of the Communist Party formed a committee which investigated the situation and came to the conclusion that political abuse of psychiatry was actually taking place.
_	It noted that "Surface temperature reconstructions for periods prior to the industrial era are only one of multiple lines of evidence supporting the conclusion that climatic warming is occurring in response to human activities, and they are not the primary evidence."
_	Colonel Andrei Demurenko, a Russian national, asserted that UNPROFOR's research was flawed, as it began from the conclusion that the shells were fired from Bosnian Serb positions and didn't test any other hypothesis; and that he, immediately visiting the supposed mortar locations, found that neither of them could be used to fire the shells.
_	The scholar was also reportedly the discoverer of a direct link between Yiddish and Aramaic; this allowed the conclusion that the Jewish German dialect originated among Aramaic-speaking and pre-Ashkenazi Jews, who originally settled further east than the Askhenazi home in the Rhineland.
_	"The Hindu" quoted a Russian Navy source stating that "after examining the available evidence and the ship wreckage Russian experts came to the conclusion that a number of arguments produced by the international investigation in favour of the DPRK's involvement in the corvette sinking were not weighty enough”.
_	Modern historians have come to the conclusion that the New Forest depopulation was greatly exaggerated.
_	Above all, he came to the conclusion that only unyielding commitment to hard work and attention to administrative detail could keep troops in the field.
_	In his official statement, he said he had "come to the conclusion that the [Dream Theater] machine was starting to burn me out", and that he had urged the band to take a break from its relentless recording, publishing and touring cycle.
_	Limited Run said it came to the conclusion that the clicks were fraudulent after running its own analysis.
_	His experience in the field of metallurgy led him to the conclusion that there was a sad delay between scientific advance and its application in industry, for which he blamed technical education, or rather lack of it.
_	Yim also reaches the conclusion that the Yuuzhan Vong's gods also don't exist, just as Mezhan Kwaad herself proclaimed before her death.
_	In reaching the conclusion that Title IX applied to the facts of the Arcadia case, OCR took the position discriminating against a transgender student can be a form of sex discrimination, and that the scope of Title IX should be analyzed in light of parallel precedent under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of "sex" in an employment context.
_	He considered his bandmates priorities very different, coming to the conclusion that the trio had simply grew apart as they aged, had families, and reached fame.
_	To the non-stuttering youngsters in IIA, who were to be branded stutterers, she said: "The staff has come to the conclusion that you have a great deal of trouble with your speech…
_	This leads to the conclusion that the lower number of 35 victims is more likely and confirms the study published 8 years previously by Peterhans and Gnoske, who estimated 28–31 victims.
_	Most users had come to the conclusion that, if this plan were to be imposed, they would cancel their subscriptions because they wanted the Internet to be unlimited as is.
_	That's when I came to the conclusion that it was because I had a police record.
_	Jerome finds several clues and one big one that leads him to the conclusion that the baby is his own.
_	Based on phonetical studies and comparisons of inscriptions on bronze and the structure of the characters, Wang Guowei (1877–1927) came to the conclusion that the tribal names Guifang (鬼方), Xunyu, Xianyu (鮮虞), Xianyun (獫狁), Rong, Di, and Hu in the old annals designated one and the same people, who later entered Chinese history under the name Xiongnu, and Eurasian history under the name Huns.
_	This drew the conclusion that she was killing all those strippers out of jealousy and hatred to their own beauty which Marlene's was now taken from her.
_	In 1991 a lateral survey came to the conclusion that between 1964 and 1984, despite the increase in amount and availability of sadomasochistic pornography in the US, Germany, Denmark and Sweden there is no correlation with the national number of rapes to be found.
_	Raja said, "The jury reviewed the bout and came to the conclusion that Vijender was holding his opponent and the referee was right in warning him.
_	The similarities between the breed and the depicted animals lead to the conclusion that the breed's appearance has remained stable.
_	Similarly, in 1919, T.M. Parrott reached the conclusion that Shakespeare revised the original work of Peele.
_	This basically gave the series the conclusion that it never had in its initial run.
_	This theory includes the replacement of Euclidean geometry by non-Euclidean geometry, and the resultant curvature of the path of light led Einstein (1912) to the conclusion that (like in accelerated frames) the speed of light is not constant in extended gravitational fields.
_	An inquest into the issue of summary executions launched by Jules Moch, the Minister of the Interior, came to the conclusion that there were 9,673 summary executions.
_	They were the only clan of Jats who practices sati pratha, in the book tribes and castes they're mentioned as Kathia or Ravi jats and are considered the same people who fought against Alexander, the author says "after much enquiry on the subject, I have come to the conclusion that the kathiaas is gathwaals of the present day have a strong claim to be considered the descendants or the same "kathaioi" who so gallantly resisted the Macedonian conqueror, they were the same known as gadavahara of the pre-kushana period.
_	He stated that "I have now come to the conclusion that China in June 1989 was faced with a situation that could have evolved into a political meltdown; a Bosnia of gigantic proportions, and the risk of a new great war in the Pacific area.
_	Appearing beneath the shield may have led to the conclusion that "Nemo me impune lacessit" is the motto of the Royal arms, whereas historical evidence coupled with the conventions of heraldry in Scotland would suggest that "In my defens God me defend" is the motto of the Royal arms and therefore the motto of Scotland itself.
_	According to "The Negro in Chicago; a study of race relations and a race riot", an official report from 1922 on race relations in Chicago, came to the conclusion that there were many factors that led to the violent outbursts in Chicago.
_	Research by Jonas Otterbeck corroborated the conclusion that schoolbooks contained many stereotypes about Islam.
_	There was no evidence of early rice throughout early island Southeast Asia, this created a black hole in the hypothesis, allowing us to come to the conclusion that the language may not have spread through migrations outside of Southeast Asia.
_	On 30 November 2012 the committee published its report criticising Mitchell for restoring the funding, stating "We do not understand how [Mitchell] reached the conclusion that support for the M23 had ceased", which was one of the three conditions that the Prime Minister had set for the resumption of aid.
_	He leads a reclusive life as a "hikikomori", ultimately coming to the conclusion that this happened due to some sort of conspiracy.
_	In "Re Boyes", Kay J came to the conclusion that communication requires allowing the trustee the chance to refuse his office; as such, it cannot be done after death.
_	The Storegga Slides that occurred in the area about 8,000 years ago have been investigated, with the conclusion that the risk of recurrence is negligible.
_	On the other hand, the existence of antiparticles leads to the conclusion that relativistic quantum mechanics is not enough for a more accurate and complete theory of particle interactions.
_	Klejn comes to the conclusion that homosexuality is not in any way contagious and is not inherited through the male line, that in different societies and in different epochs its distribution is approximately equal, only the degree of reticence varies.
_	Morris recounts examples of miscommunication between the authors and researchers at Stanford Research Institute, and draws the conclusion that, "it is evident that those who wish to evaluate research results need to evolve better procedures for getting at the facts.
_	The exhibit also noted that "evidence strongly support[s] the conclusion that Jefferson was the father of Sally Hemings' children."
_	also drew the conclusion that women tended to make more accurate judgments using thin slicing than did men.
_	Thus, before coming to the conclusion that a puncture is causing air to leak from the tire, attempt to remove the puncture lightly by hand.
_	Brownlee's opposition stemmed in part from investigations that Greenfield's government had already undertaken into the subject: information was gathered from similar experiments in New Zealand and New South Wales, leading to the conclusion that, while there would be some benefit to a provincially owned bank, Alberta "had neither the economic nor constitutional base to consider such a scheme".
_	He led an effort to establish home rule in Allegheny County, which created the position of County Executive and County Council after coming to the conclusion that a new structure of government was needed.
_	In one of her several books, Linda Woodhead notes the earliest Christian theological basis for forming a position on the roles of women is in the Book of Genesis where readers are drawn to the conclusion that women are beneath men and "that the image of God shines more brightly" in men than women".
_	Bruce jumps to the conclusion that the role is a small, insignificant part, but he finds out that his role is in fact a large part as the wise-cracking doorman.
_	They also draw the conclusion that discussion about correct or incorrect translations would be impossible given Quine's argument.
_	Numerous Seleucid coins were thus reattributed to the Ai-Khanoum mint rather recently, with the conclusion that Ai-Khanoum was probably a larger minting center than even Bactra.
_	When he came home though while staring at the figurine, he noticed that the initials were gone and he immediately came to the conclusion that the figurine had been exchanged while he was away.
_	In "Antiqua Mater" Johnson examines a great variety of sources related to early Christianity "from outside scripture", coming to the conclusion that there was no reliable documentary evidence to prove the existence of Jesus Christ or the Apostles.
_	Grossman came to the conclusion that Braude did not do proper research on the subject and should study "the art of conjuring."
_	Subsequently, reports from Lieutenant Aldo Icardi led to the conclusion that the main propose of Marnate´s Bunker was the storage of gold material.
_	In the end of the conversation, Grace and Ruth each come to the conclusion that it is not even love, but kindness, that is most important to the well-being of the world and society.
_	He came to the conclusion that in order to avoid hills the line should not pass through Segeberg but should instead run via Barmstedt and Neumünster.
_	All efforts to find evidence of the existence of the "Great Lakes Dive Company" led to the conclusion that the company did not exist.
_	Friedman stated he undertook a "careful analysis of the text" of the memoir and the examination led him to the conclusion that "the entire story is a hoax."
_	"On documentary and other evidence Griffith came to the conclusion that the square on the royal cubit was intended to be twice that on the remen; and Petri identified the remen as a length of 20 digits".
_	From that shaky perch, some junior Freudians leapt to the conclusion that Zubaydah had multiple personalities.
_	From the evidence she found that it did not support the conclusion that commercial logging formed the basis of the Mi'kmaq's traditional culture and identity.
_	Recent strategic thought points ever more clearly towards the conclusion that the critical strategic question is not the conventional “What?”, but “Why?” or “How?”.
_	Dawkins comes the conclusion that rather than to accept fate, meaning is found when we revolt against outrageous fortune.
_	For example, the reasoning leading to systems of natural units and the conclusion that the Planck length is a minimum meaningful unit of distance suggests that at some level, space itself is quantized.
_	On the eve of the Civil War, Phillips gave a speech at the New Bedford Lyceum in which he defended the Confederate States' right to secede: "A large body of people, sufficient to make a nation, have come to the conclusion that they will have a government of a certain form.
_	Handing down the verdict, Judge Nels Claassen said, "I have come to the conclusion that the state proved beyond reasonable doubt the guilt of the accused."
_	In his piece Van Vechten came to the conclusion that Gertrude Stein is a difficult author to understand and she can be best understood when one has been guided through her work by an "expert insider".
_	He came to the conclusion that civic cosmopolitanism, divorced from localized ethnic values as embodied in long-lasting ethnic groups (often imagined as nations), failed people.
_	After saying she was recently involved with a colonel named Donald, Margaret comes to the conclusion that Donald has cheated on her, and she flies into a rage against the nurse.
_	In years following, more observations were made documenting characteristics of the orange and also coming to the conclusion that this orange should be considered a variety of the standard Valencia orange.
_	The evidence of concrete absence outside of elite burial sites lends itself to the conclusion that the provision of these luxury and ritual goods functioned like a "palace economy", whereby they were exchanged between rulers and their noble artisans across long distances in order to validate social alliances and political arrangements.
_	Although Pichet does not contest the theoretical utility of wealth taxes in modern fiscal systems, his analysis of the economic consequences of the ISF French Wealth Tax led him to the conclusion that this particular levy yields half as much as it costs in lost revenue.
_	Shell investigated the matter and came to the conclusion that water drops that impact steel with high velocity generates static electricity that can cause explosions in combination with cargo vapors.
_	After arriving in India, Ismay soon came to the conclusion that the situation there was dire, heading for civil war, and told Mountbatten that "India was a ship on fire in mid-ocean with ammunition in her hold."
_	The FCC's statutory mandate to see that broadcasters operate in the public interest and Congress' reaffirmation, in the 1959 amendment to 315 of the Communications Act, of the FCC's view that the fairness doctrine inhered in the public interest standard, support the conclusion that the doctrine and its component personal attack and political editorializing regulations are a legitimate exercise of congressionally delegated authority.
_	This study has led to the conclusion that there exist neural connection breakdowns between the language centers that may be causing dyslexia.
_	The techniques and interpretations used to reach the conclusion that Khirbet Qeiyafa was a fortress of King David have been criticised.
_	Ultimately he equates the two as the same thing – "If a performer by some means has directed the thoughts of his audience to the conclusion that he has done something which he has not done, he has wrongly directed them into this belief, hence, misdirection."
_	A variety of other evidence also corroborates the conclusion that the Suburban's owner is, in fact, the Mary Smith killer.
_	After Cloak and Dagger heal themselves and Chinatown, both of them come to the conclusion that they must deal with their altered powers themselves.
_	A study completed in 1999 concluded that the fixed heterozygosity without segregation leads to the conclusion that "E. caninus" is allotetraploid by nature.
_	Instead of jumping to the conclusion that a whale is a fish because it has fins and lives in the water (spontaneous concept based on superficial observation), they can learn to apply taxonomic principles of biology to see that below the "surface," whales share the criteria of the class "mammals" (air-breathing vertebrates with hair, mammary glands, etc.).
_	A December 2011 analysis report by the Jamestown Foundation, however, came to the conclusion that "in spite of denials by the Pakistani military, evidence is emerging that elements within the Pakistani military harbored Osama bin Laden with the knowledge of former army chief General Pervez Musharraf and possibly current Chief of Army Staff (COAS) General Ashfaq Pervez Kayani.
_	He reasons this question in several different ways and finally comes to the conclusion that in certain cases justice is essential for Utility, but in others social duty is far more important than justice.
_	The following day he posed questions to a pendulum to ascertain the cause of this experience (a technique taught to him by a spiritual healer back in Britain); the answers he obtained led him to the conclusion that the hostile object had been sent by a sorcerer but that Wallis' own reaction had led to it being sent back to the original sender.
_	The Telangana JAC steering committee, comprising experts from different fields, studied the Sri Krishana Committee report and came to the conclusion that the report was a " bunch of lies", while proponents of the United State Movement, including Samaikhya Andhra JAC and the Praja Rajyam party, welcomed the recommendations of the committee.
_	Tecmo's ensuing investigation reached the conclusion that "the allegations in question were a result of the former employee's desire to vent frustration over her own personal affair, and not indicative of sexual harassment."
_	Murder Game: Alaina denied the group $5,000 by solving the overnight murder and coming to the conclusion that Bob was the murderer, to which he admitted.
_	Irial has come to the conclusion that he loves her, and refuses to let any harm come to her.
_	In 2011 the UN-Secretary-General’s Panel of Inquiry came to the conclusion that the Gaza blockade had been legal, and recommended that Israel immediately report its use of force to the United Nations Security Council so it could find a permanent solution, as is required of Israel by the United Nations Charter.
_	Lance Henriksen, who had starred in "Piranha II: The Spawning", was considered for the title role, but when Arnold Schwarzenegger and Cameron first met over lunch to discuss Schwarzenegger's playing the role of Kyle Reese, both came to the conclusion that the cyborg villain would be the more compelling role for the Austrian bodybuilder; Henriksen got the smaller part of LAPD detective Hal Vukovich and the role of Kyle Reese went to Michael Biehn.
_	Dingwall who investigated the mediumship of Palladino came to the conclusion that she was "vital, vulgar, amorous and a cheat."
_	The group then comes to the conclusion that they are all criminally insane and part of a psychiatric experiment in rehabilitation.
_	Researchers were able to come to the conclusion that biomarkers such as primary metabolites play a prominent role in canine anxiety.
_	It helped lead her to the conclusion that experiences differ, across space, time, and circumstance, and that it is unfair to create society—and ruling relations—based on only one point of view/being.
_	A commission appointed by Secretary of War Edwin Stanton to examine the defenses of Washington came to the conclusion that although sufficient defensive works had been constructed in order to defend the city from land attack, the city was still vulnerable to attack from the water.
_	But the Gemara questioned the conclusion that one who cannot talk cannot learn, recounting the story of two mute grandsons (or others say nephews) of Rabbi Johanan ben Gudgada who lived in Rabbi's neighborhood.
_	From the positioning, depth and width of the post holes, the excavators came to the conclusion that the building was a large tiered seating area facing a platform that may have carried a throne.
_	They suggested that the German economy, under the strain of massive military spending, was on the verge of collapse, and led British policy-makers to the conclusion that if Hitler could be deterred from war and if his regime was "contained" long enough, the German economy would collapse, and with it, presumably the Nazi regime.
_	The Goodies discover that people, everywhere, are turning into clowns, and come to the conclusion that the 'soup' was not soup after all, but something else.
_	Christoph Sauer, who analyzed the paper also linguistically, comes to the conclusion that the members of the NSB were probably also no readers of the DZN for the reasons mentioned above.
_	He comes to the conclusion that "art was talent" and that "talent was a force which was inexplicable in terms of anything physical," something "clairvoyant" and supernatural and incomprehensible to someone like Kyriales.
_	In a pair of studies published in 2015, extrapolation from observed extinction of Hawaiian snails led to the conclusion that "the biodiversity crisis is real", and that 7% of all species on Earth may have disappeared already.
_	He described this move into ready-to-wear as meeting the needs of modern women, who wanted fashion immediately that could be changed frequently: "I have come to the conclusion that couture has now outlived its purpose".
_	Thus "qiyas" leads to the conclusion that all intoxicants are forbidden.
_	Discussions among collectors draw the conclusion that elements of this depiction were incorrect because the publisher's art department dictated that the scene must show Nancy with her friends.
_	On April 18, 1957, the Minutes of the General Conference Committee report gave the conclusion that " the name of the graduate school be Adventist University"
_	came to the conclusion that no Australian taxpayer money was diverted to Hamas.
_	Huxley examined the evidence from specimens and literature and came to the conclusion that the bill gap was used like a nutcracker.
_	This similarity between very small countries in different regions, in spite of the cultural influence of their neighbours and allies, may lead to the conclusion that moral freedom is affected, among other relevant factors, by country size.
_	Reid states, "they came to the conclusion that the wife was tying it into the bottom of her skirt to make the sounds, nobody ever proved it."
_	After reading the works of Plato and pondering the possibilities of metaphysical realms, Dick came to the conclusion that, in a certain sense, the world is not entirely real and there is no way to confirm whether it is truly there.
_	An independent feasibility study led to the conclusion that resettlement would be "costly and precarious".
_	Janda, for example, wrote that "given that even writers on grammaticalization themselves freely acknowledge the involvement of several distinct processes in the larger set of phenomena, it is hard to avoid the conclusion that the notion of grammaticalization, too, tends to represent an epiphenomenal telescoping.
_	"The Government have examined the report in detail and have regretfully accepted the conclusion that Netaji may not be with us any more and it is now not possible to comprehensively establish the circumstances of his death; but are not inclined to accept the findings of the Commission that Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose did not die in the plane crash because absence of documents does not conclusively disprove the overwhelming oral evidence of those who survived the crash, as testified before the Netaji Inquiry Committee (Shah Nawaz Committee), 1956 and Khosla Commission, 1972 - 74."
_	The Kansas Health Foundation made its commitment to fund KHI's educational mission to deliver in-depth, nonpartisan information, research and insights based on the conclusion that health policy decisions often were based on fragmented, anecdotal and sometimes biased information.
_	Nara, Anachronism, and Bloodstone manage to survive falling into the chasm and come to the conclusion that Apex is manipulating Death Locket and Kid Briton to her own ends.
_	Eberhard Louis's stay at the palaces of the Bavarian Electors at Munich in 1705 following the Battle of Blenheim heralded the end of Jenisch's tenure at Ludwigsburg, as the duke came to the conclusion that Jenisch could not match the splendor of Nymphenburg Palace.
_	This leads to the conclusion that,
_	Just the night before, his girlfriend Carol did not show up at his hotel room, and Chapel reaches the conclusion that it is time to move on and finally make the transition from boyhood to manhood.
_	Research examined by Black and Wiliam supports the conclusion that summative assessments tend to have a negative effect on student learning.
_	Wos released her responses to the audit in an appendix, agreeing on all points with the auditor, including the conclusion that DHHS had consistently exceeded budgeted amounts for administrative costs due to lack of oversight by the previous administration.
_	With that said, Delia has come to the conclusion that she does not need Sykes nor his abuse, particularly considering it is her wages that paid for their home.
_	They'd simply come to the conclusion that this was the right thing for the country."
_	This was an attempt to crowdsource an analysis of the war, and it was his opinion that if ... through crowdsourcing, enough analysis was done on these documents, which he felt to be very important, that it would lead to a greater good ... that society as a whole would come to the conclusion that the war wasn't worth it ... that really no wars are worth it.
_	But if the view taken above of the origin of the Third Order in the Ordo de Poenitentia be correct, we are forced to the conclusion that the communities of women established by St. Dominic at Prouille, S. Sisto, etc. were really of this Third Order.
_	Hours later at the Mayor's home, Emma Swan, Mary Margaret, David Nolan, and Captain Hook arrive to join Regina Mills in a seance to try to contact Cora from the dead, but after seeing a gust of wind blowing in, Regina comes to the conclusion that Cora is trying to keep the secrets buried with her.
_	This supports the conclusion that they were capable of killing and dismembering large prey.
_	Details about the actual content of the second letter vary, but according to the chroniclers, the messenger who carried the letter to Louis had been given the wrong one, and Louis came to the conclusion that his wife had a secret love affair.
_	Though he considers women and men equally capable of Enlightenment and ordained them equally right from the start, he has also said he had "tentatively reached the conclusion that the spiritual life is more difficult for women because they are less able than men to envisage...something purely transcendental..."
_	The British commander, General Geoffrey Scoones drew the conclusion that the 15th Division was the weakest link in the Japanese front and ordered Indian 23rd Infantry Division and Indian 5th Infantry Division to destroy it.
_	He reached the conclusion that the fire was accidentally caused by a cigarette dropped by a soldier, but Chen Lifu and Yang Yongtai argued Xu masterminded the fire to eliminate evidence of corruption, and Deng had colluded to cover it up.
_	O'Toole made his decision after three psychiatrists examined Baumhammers, each coming to the conclusion that Baumhammers was psychologically unstable.
_	A simulation led to the conclusion that at any given time, 0.4% of the centaurs in the scattered population within 34 AU would be Uranus co-orbitals, of which 64% (0.256% of all centaurs) would be in horseshoe orbits, 10% (0.04%) would be quasi-satellites, and 26% (0.104%) would be trojans (evenly split between the and groups).
_	They came to the conclusion that the future of Korea lay with the Communist bloc, not with the US and Western capitalist countries.
_	Other finds also support the conclusion that this was its legionary fortress soon after invasion of Britain and before it moved to Exeter, and that its commander Vespasian was located here rather than in southern England at this time.
_	For example, Iramacamippulavar's "Merkolvilakka Kkatai Akaravaricai" (1963)—which narrates the tale of Aravan—ends with the conclusion that Aravan continues to live on as a folk hero in Tamil Nadu, because he embodies "the ideal of self-sacrifice".
_	He later came to the conclusion that the very evolution of mammals was made possible by the abundance or scarcity of food: the ancestors of such animals were arboreal and viviparous reptiles, who evolved into lighter and more agile species while continuously searching for food sources; an exception was the proverbially slow-moving sloth, whose feed, the slugs, was in abundance.
_	This mosaic was originally identified as a church, but later excavations in 2004 led to the conclusion that it was the courtyard of a palace from the late Byzantine period.
_	Although the board came to the conclusion that pilot error was likely the cause, the May 31, 1947 edition of "The New York Times" told a different (albeit preliminary) tale:
_	Concrete evidence has not yet been found, however, to support the conclusion that Ivy was the basis for Colonel Reb's design.
_	The principal protagonist of the novel is Mick Looney, an Irish construction worker from Kilburn, London, who comes to the conclusion that he is the rightful King of Ireland.
_	He came to the conclusion that the character should resemble an angel and fly like a bird.
_	Everyone becomes very frustrated, and reaches the conclusion that Sarah must be replaced by someone with more experience.
_	Despite winning young filmmaker awards, they soon came to the conclusion that this method would not be the best path, and decided their future would be on the internet, which they viewed at the time as the new film festival.
_	However, the study of nuclear devices came to the conclusion that a bomb dropped in the home port would have the greatest impact.
_	Returning to his Cabinet meeting, Smith reported the conversation to his ministers, and, after debating for a while, the Cabinet came to the conclusion that Wilson was simply attempting to buy more time and that there was no sign of actual progress.
_	On a nice morning Ray tackled the problem, and came to the conclusion that only two names were possible: the 'Silver Bells' or the 'Raelets'.
_	Considering the religious themes of the album (song titles "God" and "Heaven" are present on the album), it is plausible to draw the conclusion that this is a reference to God and Jesus.
_	He argues that the fur trade largely determined Canada's boundaries, coming to the conclusion that the country "emerged not in spite of geography but because of it".
_	Unger to the conclusion that change happens piecemeal through struggle and vision, rather than suddenly in revolutionary upheaval with the replacement of one set of institutional arrangements with another.
_	I quickly came to the conclusion that good men in power are incompetent, just as bad men are evil, and therefore it is impossible for liberty ever to be associated with any form of power whatsoever."
_	In January 2005, Leibler resigned as WJC vice president, telling Haaretz that he "came to the conclusion that I cannot remain in an organization that requires me to give a stamp of approval to activities I deem inappropriate.
_	In 1887 Henrik Munthe was the first geologist to draw the conclusion that the Baltic Sea must once have been a freshwater lake.
_	Masud established the presence of the air force with higher measure of courage and, since spending an year in East, Air Cdre Masud reached to the conclusion that, with increasing distress, the rapidly mounting military-political threat that none of the power wielders seemed able or interested to resolve."
_	Primo de Rivera came to the conclusion that one of the reasons of the dissents between the Armed Forces on the promotion system based on seniority or merits of war was based on the lack of an academy in which all four Army Corps were trained together.
_	Noades soon came to the conclusion that a League club in Milton Keynes would not draw crowds much higher than those Wimbledon already attracted in south London.
_	Many, perhaps Asian Americans included, have come to the conclusion that Asian Americans don’t have feelings or thoughts.
_	The general experience and observation of mankind is sufficient to support the conclusion that the injury would not have resulted without negligence, such as a hysterectomy (removal of the uterus) performed when the patient consented only to a tubal ligation (clipping of the fallopian tubes for purposes of sterilization).
_	Back in England, Crowley undertook an astrological analysis of Smith's birth chart, and came to the conclusion that he was the incarnation of a god, greatly altering his estimation of him; Smith however remained sceptical.
_	Police efforts to combat drug use focused on drug supply prior to 1980, data support the conclusion that it had a preventive effect.
_	Led by the prominent pro-Chávez intellectual Luis Britto García, the commission came to the conclusion that the constitution could include more socially progressive clauses, such as the shortening of the working week, a constitutional recognition of Afro Venezuelans and the elimination of discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation.
_	Sometime in the late 50s, the U.S. Army reached the conclusion that anti-aircraft guns were no longer viable in the jet age and began fielding a self-propelled version of the HAWK SAM instead.
_	We believe it contains speculative conclusions that are frankly unnecessary and tend to obscure the conclusion that Billy suffered from chronic, untreated hypertension" and said in the release that they were considering "an independent evaluation of the autopsy results".
_	Building features, however, lead to the conclusion that its striking Romanesque crossing tower has its beginnings in the latter half of the 11th century.
_	The Ontario Consultants on Religious Tolerance researched the subculture and published a report with the conclusion that goths are non-violent, pacifistic, passive and tolerant of others, and that many in the media had incorrectly associated the goth subculture with violence, hatred of minorities, white supremacy, etc.
_	The Deutsche Dienststelle (WASt) came to the conclusion that this decree is unlawful and bears no legal justification.
_	In the end, Ornea came to the conclusion that the Eastern Bloc regimes could not be transformed by democratic reforms, and renounced all forms of Marxism.
_	A 2014 study expanding on the 2013 study and based on analysis of 15751 DNA samples arrives at the conclusion that the sources for South Asian DNA in Mesopotamian populations are Tamil merchants involved in trade with Rome, stating "M65a, M49 and/or M61 haplogroups carrying ancient Mesopotamians might have been the merchants from India".
_	However, Janie cannot erase the picture on the milk carton or the memories of another family from her mind, and proceeds to research the Jennie Spring kidnapping; she arrives at the conclusion that her parents might have actually kidnapped her.
_	He states that he has come to the conclusion that the Russian people are originally a Finno-Ugric tribe.
_	The clerk reached the conclusion that Sarah Page, the white elevator operator, had been assaulted.
_	In May 2011, a University of Bayreuth commission tasked with investigating Guttenberg's dissertation came to the conclusion that Guttenberg had engaged in intentional deception in the writing of his dissertation, and had violated standards of good academic practice.
_	For the rest of his life, Zuckerman continued to deny that "Australopithecus" was part of the human family tree, even when that was the conclusion that had become "universally accepted" by scientists.
_	Nicolaas insists that Tim should sleep with a woman, engaging in a Socratic-style debate with Tim about the merits of sex with women, with Tim eventually relenting and coming to the conclusion that gay men having sex with women is the correct thing to do.
_	Out of that came the conclusion that a female in general produced three to five recruits per year for most fish.
_	It was a response to an order from British High Command which had come to the conclusion that Penang should be abandoned as it had no tactical or strategic value in the rapidly changing military scheme of things at that time.
_	After interviewing the staff and detectives on the scene, Klinghammer came to the conclusion that Wyman was probably encircled by the wolves and accidentally tripped on one of the many broken branches in the enclosure.
_	Chesterton's thesis, as expressed in Part I of the book ('On the Creature Called Man'), is that if man is really and dispassionately viewed simply as another animal, one is forced to the conclusion that he is a bizarrely unusual animal.
_	In Part II ('On the Man Called Christ'), Chesterton argues that if Jesus is really viewed as simply another human leader and Christianity and the Church are simply another human religion, one is forced to the conclusion that he was a bizarrely unusual leader, whose followers founded a bizarrely and miraculously unusual religion and Church.
_	This data, after being calibrated into geologic ages, led to the conclusion that maximum burial and heating in the Lewis thrust occurred during the Campanian over a time interval of less than 15 million years prior to the start of movement of the thrust sheet.
_	In 1855 Charles Bright finished a survey of the Irish coast and came to the conclusion that Valentia Island, on the south coast of Ireland, was best possible location and was also the closest point to North America.
_	The situation in Israel brought Sadeh to the conclusion that the political system must be replaced.
_	Originally, the album was to feature crowd sounds recorded at Studio 54, but the idea was later dropped "because a comparison of two recordings led to the conclusion that better audio quality would be thus obtained."
_	Spot 42 showed very inefficient binding to purified 70S ribosomes, which lead to the conclusion that the function of Spot 42 is mediated by the RNA itself.
_	factor of about three for the brightest stars (Hp<4.5 mag), while also underlining the conclusion that the "Hipparcos Catalogue" as originally published is generally reliable within the quoted accuracies.
_	The decision was made by the Jets' board after a review of the organisation came to the conclusion that they had a fledgeling club structure.
_	Hunter was sent as a medical commissioner and concluded "Facts…lead to the conclusion that cholera, be it called by whatever name it may…has existed in Egypt for some time past…
_	Essex was divided on the proper course to take, but came to the conclusion that if the child was born by 5 November it was possible that he was the father.
_	Due to the nature of the issue, quantitative data was difficult to collect however a large amount of anecdotal evidence was relied upon which lead the author to the conclusion that issues such as rape and incest are widespread particularly within regional aboriginal communities however they are drastically under reported to local government or police.
_	After the struggle went no better for the Tartars on the 20th, Ğazı came to the conclusion that he did not have the means to take the camp and agreed to peace talks.
_	More damning was the conclusion that, with a few notable exceptions, the crew made no effort to direct passengers to safe pathways to the boat deck.
_	More research was done on this mineral by Nickel and Kato and they both came to the conclusion that danielsite has an orthorhombic unit cell.
_	"Theatre Arts Magazine"'s reporter expressed puzzlement and the conclusion that perhaps the work would reveal its importance during subsequent viewings.
_	The group had evaluated potential locations of the complex, and come to the conclusion that it had to be located high up on the Rock in order to command good views of both the Mediterranean and the Bay of Gibraltar.
_	A study in 2013 involving 106 participating centers in 25 countries came to the conclusion that, in a twin pregnancy of a gestational age between 32 weeks 0 days and 38 weeks 6 days, and the first twin is in cephalic presentation, planned Cesarean section does not significantly decrease or increase the risk of fetal or neonatal death or serious neonatal disability, as compared with planned vaginal delivery.
_	A half-secret trust appears closer to fulfilling the formality requirements as laid down in the Wills Act, so the conclusion that it is less likely to be enforced seems contradictory.
_	In this study, the results from laboratory acute toxicity tests of TBT on periphyton corroborated the results from the field study, supporting the conclusion that toxicity to periphyton resulted from TBT pollution at the site under investigation.
_	They come to the conclusion that the gun she has could kill anyone, and that it's urgent that they find her.
_	She was charged on January 13, after an expert panel of 'specialists in the fields of religious affairs, spirituality, and psychology' found that her images portrayed Uzbekistan in a negative light to Western audiences: ""a foreigner who has never been to Uzbekistan, but who is familiar with this album, would reach the conclusion that [Uzbekistan] is a country where people live in the Middle Ages""
_	This clause has raised much concern among users, and court rulings have converged to the conclusion that "carriers cannot force passengers to fly".
_	Rather than being constrained by the system it created, the US moved to the conclusion that it “was better to attack the system than to work within it” (James, 1996, p. 203).
_	According to these findings Walker thought that the conclusion that birds and crocodiles could be more closely related than previously thought could not be ignored.
_	Describing him as a "convincing storyteller", Lenzner stated that the "evidence we collected supported the conclusion that Oswald LeWinter was not a credible source."
_	When Bianca finds her attacker, Stephen came to the conclusion that no one in "Home and Away" is safe to leave their homes.
_	Team B came to the conclusion that the Soviets had developed several new weapons, featuring a nuclear-armed submarine fleet that used a system that did not depend on active sonar, and was thus undetectable by existing technology.
_	A study in 2013 came to the conclusion that 74% of breast milk samples from providers found from websites were colonized with Gram-negative bacteria or had more than 10,000 colony-forming units/mL of aerobic bacteria.
_	While Otto previously had shown a tremendous amount of potential, his undergraduate work only served to reinforce the conclusion that he was destined to have a remarkable career.
_	Eventually, U.S. forces came to the conclusion that the hostages were no longer at the site and abandoned the rescue attempt.
_	The cross-cultural consistency with which these effects have been documented is consistent with the conclusion that culturally invariant, biological processes underlie the development of homosexuality in males.
_	B came to the conclusion that the Soviets had developed new weapons of mass destruction and had aggressive strategies with regard to a potential nuclear war.
_	Together with the healers, they come to the conclusion that it isn't the blue spots that are necessarily dangerous, but the fever.
_	The first feasibility study in 2003 came to the conclusion that the construction of a full line is not justified by demand, and proposed a two-stage construction.
_	A 22.5-hour-long audiobook version was released in July 2007, narrated by Bahni Turpin; one reviewer felt that while Turpin's performance reflecting Julia Carlyle's viewpoint was praised, the complexity of much of the passages led to the conclusion that it was better experienced in book form; an abridged 7-hour version was also released, again read by Turpin, which was better received.
_	With Qazi Rahman, Wilson has published research supporting the conclusion that sexual orientation is of constitutional origin.
_	This led to the conclusion that essentiality is a property of molecular machines (i.e. complexes) rather than individual components.
_	It is argued that evidence such as the Coolidge effect, showing that a man does not seem to be naturally geared towards sexual mate-guarding behavior (that is, preventing other males from having access to his sexual partner), supports the conclusion that sexual monogamy (though perhaps not social monogamy and/or pair bonding) was rare in early modern humans.
_	While this was not seen as a particularly impressive record, "Wisden" noted that "the batsmen who played against him came to the conclusion that he had immense possibilities."
_	This leads to the conclusion that advances in Torah knowledge must never weaken natural morality.
_	Although the NTSB had already reached the conclusion that a missile strike did not cause the structural failure of the airplane, the possibility that a missile could have exploded close enough to TWA 800 for a missile fragment to have entered the CWT and ignited the fuel/air vapor, yet far enough away not to have left any damage characteristic of a missile strike, was considered.
_	The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform previously voted in a straight party vote with all Republicans in favor and all Democrats opposed to the conclusion that Lerner had given up her Fifth Amendment right not to testify because she had given the committee an opening statement at the hearing.
_	After several attempts to find a way out of the debris formed around them, they come to the conclusion that there is nothing they can do but wait for some help.
_	As the physicians soon discover that he has been internally decapitated, they come to the conclusion that even a minor move would result in irreparable damage.
_	Khadaji comes to the conclusion that he needs to further his war against the Confed, but bartending on Rim was wasting time.
_	The "polos" on the head and the dove were considered sufficient evidence to identify the statue as a representation of Aphrodite and the presence of the diagonal himation led to the conclusion that the statue was of Ionian origin.
_	As Estelle leaves the bar she comes to the conclusion that she, Estelle, is the stronger of the two women.
_	Justice Clark observed that the conclusion that the post-indictment lineup was a critical stage of the prosecution was inevitable given precedents like "Miranda v. Arizona".
_	At the end of November, the majority of cardinals gradually came to the conclusion that no matter how outrageous the interference of Philip II, without the support of his followers there was no chance to elect a Pope, so it would be better to choose someone from his list.
_	Montalto did not prefer Paleotti, so together with Sforza he came to the conclusion that in order to prevent his election, they needed to support either Sfondrati or Facchinetti.
_	After the failure of this public debut, Plato drew the conclusion that his doctrines should only be shared with philosophy students.
_	Findings from the mound have led to the conclusion that it is a work of the Adena culture.
_	He did not believe that the personality of a person could survive death but came to the conclusion that "memories of the dead survive and are under special conditions accessible to us."
_	When a short hairpin for Nurr1 was expressed in microglia and astrocytes, these cells produced inflammatory mediators, such as TNFa, NO synthase and IL-1β, supporting the conclusion that reduced Nurr1 promotes inflammation and leads to cell death of dopaminergic neurons.
_	A 2006 study conducted for the Inter-American Development Bank came to the conclusion that compared to Quito, which is served by a publicly managed water utility, water quality was worse in Guayaquil, the poor had less access to piped water and water tariffs were higher.
_	This has led to the conclusion that the true author to Sefer HaChinuch was a different Reb Aharon Halevi, a student of the Rashba, rather than his colleague.
_	The result was that we came to the conclusion that we're dealing with a person who is in fact ill.
_	The website states that Rear Admiral George van Deurs, USN researched the losses of the "Nereus" and her sister ship "Proteus" and came to the conclusion that the colliers broke up in heavy seas following a storm.
_	Near the end, Anarky is nearly seduced by the power of the ring and tempted to keep it, but comes to the conclusion that "power corrupts" and opts to return it, only for the ring to be destroyed during the battle.
_	Some of the research that she conducted was focused on the capacity to detect small behavioral cues, after conducting this study she came to the conclusion that women are good readers of nonverbal cues.
_	Scientists working for Kinsey reported data which led to the conclusion that people are capable of sexual stimulation from birth.
_	They came to the conclusion that they were comfortable" with not making it clear to readers that they had never contacted Ryan.
_	In addition to the authorship evidence provided by the ancient sources, some feel the text of Luke-Acts supports the conclusion that its author was a companion of Paul.
_	Accordingly, some have used this evidence to support the conclusion that these passages, and therefore the entire text of the Luke-Acts, were written by a traveling companion of Paul's.
_	Buller also points out that the conclusion that non-biological parents are more likely to abuse children is contradicted by the fact that even if the rate of abuse among stepparents was disproportionate, most child abuse is in fact committed by biological parents, and that the lowest rate of child abuse is found among adoptive parents.
_	These elements suggest the conclusion that stoning is the direct cause of death.
_	However, as Ingthorsson has argued, McTaggart does discuss variation in the properties of persistent entities in the 1st Volume of The Nature of Existence, and there comes to the conclusion that variation in the properties of things between times is not change but mere variation between the temporal parts of things (Ingthorsson 2001).
_	While Robert's neighbours soon come to the conclusion that he is a nice young boy, he is plotting revenge.
_	Jack later takes the RV to Isabel's 15-year-old son, Jorge (Ray Santiago), to fix the toilet, but is disturbed by Jorge's striking resemblance to Greg, and the fact that Jorge never met his father, and jumps to the conclusion that he might be Greg's son with Isabel.
_	Around this same time, the Caped Crusader also comes to the conclusion that someone has been manipulating Quincy behind the scenes; he is merely a puppet in a much larger game.
_	Prince came to the conclusion that she possessed genuine ESP ability.
_	Coming to the conclusion that Walsh uses sex as means of furthering his own career, Hampton kicks him out.
_	That nothing is then said of the former, invites the conclusion that Hazlik is unlike Othmar and does not see the need to avail himself of this crutch.
_	When he read the verse John 17:3 "Now this is eternal life: that they might know you, the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom you have sent" he came in 1830 to the conclusion that "it is not enough, just to be religious and good, to live sensibly and act properly, but that it is essential to have Jesus Christ at the centre of one's life and to testify to that."
_	For Trevor Bryce, this led to the conclusion that the location of Wilusa is related or identical to that of the archeological site of Troy ("Illios").
_	In recent years, a great deal of evidence has been produced that supports the conclusion that GTN's clinically relevant denitration and reduction produce 1,2-glyceryl dinitrate (GDN) and NO, and that this reaction is catalysed by mitochondrial aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH2 or mtALDH).
_	Knocker and Chisholm soon came to the conclusion that they could save more lives by treating the wounded directly on the front lines.
_	"Freeman draws the conclusion that Jennings was instrumental in the empirical research done in support of theories from Moreno:"My own suspicion is that Jennings's contributions were immense.
_	He used the data collected by Annandale and the caste specific measurements made by Herbert Risley to come up with the conclusion that the sample represented a mix of Europeans mainly with people from Bengal and Punjab but not with those from the Northwest Frontier Provinces or from Chhota Nagpur.
_	They came to the conclusion that after the Coup d'ètat of August 19, 1953 (٢٨ مرداد) capitalism in Iran grew and began to shape the policy of the government.
_	Jazani used this to come to the conclusion that the since the continuation of the regime is "dictatorship" therefore the ideology of the revolution in its most urgent political goal results in the overthrow of monarchy and its most needed revolutionary political goal is summed up with the slogan of "Establishment of a Republic and Democratic Government".
_	A lawyer, Ralph Himebaugh, whose hobby has been the numerology of disasters over the years, comes to the conclusion that the Brunists have the last missing bits of information that dovetails with his years of research, and so he joins them.
_	The Wynters' new Italian chauffeur Carlo (Carlo Giustini) stumbles on the manuscript, reads it, and jumps to the conclusion that it is wish fulfillment on Judith's part.
_	Later that day Nolan and Cooper came to the conclusion that their only hope was to send the strongest men with the remaining horses ahead to Double Lakes.
_	As a result of the discordance, the brain will come to the conclusion that the individual is hallucinating and further conclude that the hallucination is due to poison ingestion.
_	The starter of BusyBox based lawsuits, Rob Landley, responded that this was intentional as he came to the conclusion that the lawsuits resulted not in the hoped for positive outcomes and he wanted to stop them ""in whatever way I see fit"".
_	That, and an increasingly bitter division over whether the CIO should support the Marshall Plan, brought Murray to the conclusion that peaceful co-existence with Communists within the CIO was impossible.
_	In 2005 a study by Professor of Human Genetics Bryan Sykes of Oxford University led to the conclusion that Somerled has possibly 500,000 living descendants — making him the second most common historical ancestor after Genghis Khan.
_	The surviving mud brick walls lead to the conclusion that this palace, relatively small, was composed of tall single-story rooms surrounding a central court along with four axial iwans at the entrance to each side (Ettinghausen 276).
_	Aryabhata worked on the approximation for pi (π), and may have come to the conclusion that π is irrational.
_	Upon analyzing the recording, Tannen came to the conclusion that the speech of the New Yorkers was characterized by exaggerated intonations (paralinguistics), overlapping speech between two or more speakers, short silences, and machine-gun questions, which she defines as questions that are "uttered quickly, timed to overlap or latch onto another's talk, and characterized by reduced syntactic form".
_	At a meeting of parishioners held on 14 December 1869, the general concept for the new church was agreed on, including the building material: "Owing to the late severe shocks of earthquake the vestry came to the conclusion that it would be useless to attempt building any part of stone.
_	Powell stated that having reviewed the evidence which had been compiled by the State Department and having compared it to information which was freely available throughout the international community he came to the conclusion that genocide had been carried out in Darfur"
_	He investigated the available data regarding rainfall and climate in different regions of the globe, and came to the conclusion that the rainfall is regulated by the humidity of the air on the one hand, and mixing of different air currents in the higher atmosphere on the other.
_	In the alternate reality, the 49ers play the Jets in the Super Bowl, which leads the main character Quinn Mallory to the conclusion that something is awry.
_	After she runs away, Chris comes to the conclusion that she loves him, and thus earns a punch from Merve, starting a minor brawl.
_	The chemist Raphael Meldola noted in a review for "Nature" that "although many of us may arrive at the conclusion that Mr. Cunningham has not succeeded in establishing his case, it will be generally admitted that he has discussed the problem, on the whole, in a more or less scientific spirit."
_	After some personal deliberation, Rossi comes to the conclusion that he cannot assist Carolyn in ending her life.
_	In deciding the partner, he came to the conclusion that the partner should be female since they would be adventuring together.
_	Nevertheless, the "Chicago Tribune" (which routinely endorsed GOP presidential candidates, including Nixon in 1960, 1968 and 1972) wrote that "the election of November 8 was characterized by such gross and palpable fraud as to justify the conclusion that [Nixon] was deprived of victory."
_	The author comes to the conclusion that the Delphi technique has instrumental value in providing different alternative futures and the argumentation of scenarios.
_	Although progress had been made, the press release lead to the conclusion that the committee had run into an impasse.
_	This explained the remaining 5 orders of magnitude, with the conclusion that the 5.2 MeV α – particles decay to a superdeformed band state.
_	Lucy and Caspian come to the conclusion that it was Aslan who summoned the three children into Narnia to help Caspian on his quest.
_	In the last population census of the Austro-Hungarian Empire in 1910, about 59% of the population of the municipality of Pokrče ("Poggersdorf") declared Slovenian being their language of every day public use, which leads to the conclusion that even a higher part had or considered Slovenian being its mother tongue.
_	Leveson had come to the conclusion that all his misfortunes were due to some wide-ranging plot against him, although the motives of his persecutors varied in his telling of the tale.
_	In 2014, the discovery of MNU 071-20, the first known disarticulated and partially complete skeleton of "C. escheri", led to the conclusion that it is a distinct genus from "Carcharodon"/"Cosmopolitodus" and erected the genus "Carcharomodus".
_	Valve announced that they were releasing a gaming oriented Linux based operating system called "SteamOS" with Valve saying they had "come to the conclusion that the environment best suited to delivering value to customers is an operating system built around Steam itself."
_	The obscurity of most of the ridiculed poets and the attack upon such personal characteristics as appearance and manners has been cited in support of the view that the parody was done in the presence of all twelve victims, further supporting the conclusion that the parody was good-natured.
_	Carp himself came to the conclusion that it was necessary to depose Ferdinand I and offer the Romanian throne to a German or an Austrian prince.
_	Following this, Kiesza came to the conclusion that she had discovered a sound that efficiently worked for her and returned to New York to record other songs.
_	once seriously thought about my perfect pitch for reunification with the Roman Church and came to the conclusion that he had acted correctly, my conscience is calm, peace and joy in the Lord, reign in my soul.
_	In her book "The Suspicions of Mr Whicher or The Murder at Road Hill House" (2008), however, author Kate Summerscale comes to the conclusion that if her confession was indeed false and merely an act to shield another person, it was for the benefit of not her father but her brother, William Saville-Kent, with whom she shared a very close sibling relationship, which was further deepened by her father turning his paternal attentions away from the children of his first marriage to the children he had with his second wife.
_	At the National Reconciliation meeting they came to the conclusion that the Soviet armed forces in Afghanistan should withdraw.
_	A more detailed 1978-1981 study by KAIST, focusing on the needs of freight transport, also came to the conclusion that the necessary capacity for freight transport on the existing Gyeongbu Line could best be released by separating off long-distance passenger traffic on a parallel high speed passenger railway, which was then taken up in Korea's next Five Year Plan.
_	After meeting the handsome Pierre Feramo, Olivia immediately comes to the conclusion that he is a terrorist and follows him around the world to confirm her suspicions whilst falling for another man.
_	Conversely, Gibson argues that "the preponderance of evidence substantiates the conclusion that the CIA was not behind the February 1963 B'athist coup."
_	Deng Xiaoping, after two straight weeks of student demonstrations, came to the conclusion that the student movement was a result of "bourgeois liberalization", and named three Communist Party members to be expelled: Fang Lizhi, Liu Binyan, and Wang Ruowang.
_	In the article “ Osservando il quadro di Capodimonte: nuove ipotesi per gli enigmi del ritratto di Luca Pacioli”, (published in the book “Luca Pacioli tra Piero della Francesca e Leonardo”, Editor Stefano Zuffi, Marsilio Editore, Venice, 2017) the researcher Carla Glori, by historical investigation, has reached the conclusion that the young man standing on the right behind the friar is Galeazzo Sanseverino.
_	Thus Kant arrives at the conclusion that all pure mathematics is synthetic though "a priori"; the number 7 is seven and the number 5 is five and the number 12 is twelve and the same principle applies to other numerals; in other words, they are universal and necessary.
_	The study made the conclusion that otters may be undergoing a recent increase in diversity.
_	About the time Professor Papini discovered, to the delight of the Pragmatist school, that this doctrine was incapable of definition, which would certainly seem to distinguish it from every other doctrine in whatever branch of science, I was coming to the conclusion that my poor little maxim should be called by another name; and accordingly, in April 1905, I renamed it "Pragmaticism".
_	There is evidence supporting the conclusion that parental attitudes disapproving sex tends to lead toward lower levels of adolescent unplanned pregnancy.
_	A visit later in the summer found no evidence of egg laying or consequent wilting of twigs, unlike in 1937, leading to the conclusion that the cicadas were approaching extinction.
_	However, Levý came to the conclusion that Linn was a mediocre sculptor who had nothing to teach him, so he returned to Liběchov.
_	By September, 2001 Bishop Maurice Taylor had come to the conclusion that Good Shepherd church was no longer a suitable venue for the cathedral.
_	She soon came to the conclusion that Paul Young was responsible, but before she could act out her revenge, she was attacked by his son Zach Young.
_	Langs' work in communication science draws the conclusion that narratives are the only source of such encoded derivative communication.
_	However, Rothbard also wrote a piece, published posthumously, entitled "Are Libertarians 'Anarchists'?" in which he traced the etymological roots of Anarchist philosophy, ultimately coming to the conclusion that "we find that all of the current anarchists are irrational collectivists, and therefore at opposite poles from our position.
_	The film comes to the conclusion that the media and state and legal institutions misrepresented the case, and attempts to explain why this happened.
_	Monk comes to the conclusion that there is a chance that evidence incriminating Linda might be at her house.
_	"I have come to the conclusion that they have not been treated badly - their conduct has bordered on insubordination and they have not complied with the conditions of their contract.
_	Consequently, viewers would not have come to the conclusion that Mr Gadd was guilty of more serious crimes which had gone unpunished."
_	Therefore, the conclusion that her conduct amounted to reckless use of public funds, was improper and unethical is accordingly justified." and a second time in 2014
_	In 1879–1888, however, botanist William Hemsley, after studying multiple specimens in herbariums and in culture, came to the conclusion that all the taxa placed in the section "Orcheosanthus" up to that point belonged to the same single species.
_	His analysis of will led him to the conclusion that emotional, physical, and sexual desires can never be fulfilled.
_	Kluger, in the course of his research into the subject, came to the conclusion that he had received a somewhat inaccurate description of the technical operational details of the machines, and modified his position accordingly.
_	He considered this to be more than just a coincidence, commenting, "We can scarcely avoid the conclusion that light consists in the transverse undulations of the same medium which is the cause of electric and magnetic phenomena."
_	His letter should explain what the NSD's [National Security Division of the U.S. Justice Department] notice policy was when "Clapper" was before the courts; on what basis the NSD came to the conclusion that the policy was justified; how it came to pass that the government misrepresented the NSD’s policy; and what the NSD’s notice policy is now."
_	Furthermore, all digs undertaken at Roman sites have yielded Celtic finds as well, leading to the conclusion that the dale was settled as far back as the New Stone Age.
_	After some experience using L3, Liedtke came to the conclusion that several other Mach concepts were also misplaced.
_	If we admit the proposition that absolute drunkenness must be regarded as equivalent to insanity, we are logically driven to the conclusion that absolute drunkenness excuses a person from crime.
_	However, many analysts hold the conclusion that Araromire is responsible for the occurrences in the film.
_	Other than the conclusion that Degas worked on the picture "for several years", there is no documentation to confirm the actual time or place at which the picture was painted; a likely scenario is that Degas brought to France numerous sketches and studies and painted the picture in a studio procured for this purpose in Paris.
_	Even though initially Davit's main enemy were the Iranians, he soon came to the conclusion that it was the Ottoman Turks who posed a much greater danger.
_	J. Allen Hynek, a trained astronomer who served as a scientific advisor for Project Blue Book, was initially skeptical of UFO reports, but eventually came to the conclusion that many of them could not be satisfactorily explained and was highly critical of what he described as "the cavalier disregard by Project Blue Book of the principles of scientific investigation."
_	The American negotiators come to the conclusion that the Chinese are pouring soldiers into the battle for a militarily insignificant hill to test the resolve of the Americans in the negotiations.
_	"Seara" and "Minerva" followed the principles of Marghiloman, who had reached the conclusion that the Entente did not in fact support the disestablishment of Austria-Hungary, and who postulated that Russification in Bessarabia was more serious than Magyarization in Transylvania.
_	It was not an accident so I am left with the conclusion that it is murder."
_	Wellington had received no intelligence of Blücher; and, probably, judging from the advanced position of the vedette in question that whatever might have been the result of the Battle of Ligny, the Prussians could not have made any forward movement likely to endanger Ney's right, he came to the conclusion that it was quite possible that, on the other hand, Napoleon might have crossed the Namur road, and cut off his communication with Blücher, with the design of manoeuvring upon his left and rear, and causing him to be simultaneously attacked by Ney.
_	In these circumstances the fact that the individual eventually made a statement is consistent with the conclusion that the compelling influence of the interrogation finally forced him to do so.
_	They come to the conclusion that sex should not come with so many emotional attachments.
_	Other research by Tumpey and colleagues who reconstructed the H1N1 virus of 1918 came to the conclusion that it was most notably the polymerase genes and the HA and NA genes that caused the extreme virulence of this virus.
_	Wiener came to the conclusion that the table-yupanas served to calculate the taxes that farmers paid to the Incan empire.
_	Furthermore, Wańkowicz claims that the May Coup of 1926 may have been connected with Germany's admission into the League of Nations, since Józef Piłsudski came to the conclusion that under the circumstances, he should take control of both the foreign policy and the army of Poland.
_	References to his son as "Pelops the Lydian" led some scholars to the conclusion that there would be good grounds for believing that he belonged to a primordial house of Lydia.
_	But with time it's shown a softer side of her, which leads to the conclusion that Nico just needed a stable environment and people that really care for her.
_	However, an investigation pointed to the conclusion that it had neither swum in the ocean nor escaped the blast; it had likely been safely aboard an observation vessel during the test, thus "absent without leave" from its post on "Sakawa" and showing up about the same time other surviving pigs were captured.
_	Rear Admiral von Reuter came to the conclusion that the British intended to seize the German ships after the Armistice expired.
_	He goes into denial, but months before he graduates high school, he comes down with shingles, and comes to the conclusion that he has no future.
_	They soon come to the conclusion that they are two completely different people.
_	This result is particularly curious because a majority of the Members of the Court refuse to reject the conclusion that Ms. Mendenhall was "seized," while a separate majority decline to hold that there were reasonable grounds to justify a seizure.
_	The police, however, came quickly to the conclusion that the "robbery" had been staged in order to draw suspicion away from some member of the household.
_	The details of each Turin are almost identical, and the slight differences that are present support the conclusion that the painting was not a direct copy of the drawing, rather that the drawing was a study for the Tabernacle.
_	Albert had first hand knowledge of the devastation wrought by the Dutch Revolt and had come to the conclusion that it would be impossible to reconquer the northern provinces.
_	Despite that she has already come to the conclusion that de Mores is dead, the French garrison forbid her from traveling further from Algiers.
_	Ure immediately agreed to help and the pair arranged to meet and discuss ideas over lunch the following Monday, 5 November, quickly coming to the conclusion that the best option would be to make a charity record.
_	Tolley comes to the conclusion that
_	It stated that representations to its Director and the Attorney General Lord Goldsmith had led to the conclusion that the wider public interest "to safeguard national and international security" outweighed any potential benefits of further investigation.
_	MacDonald subsequently sued McGinniss in 1987 for fraud, claiming that McGinniss pretended to believe him innocent after he came to the conclusion that he was guilty, in order that he continue cooperating with him.
_	The press have noted the steady rise in average grades for several consecutive years and drawn the conclusion that A-levels are becoming consistently easier.
_	After inviting Max to dinner and accompanying him to a Reform synagogue, Peter comes to the conclusion that Chris would become smart and successful if he converted to Judaism.
_	Yariv Oppenheimer slammed the composition, findings and recommendations of the committee, saying that “no jurist in the world would refer to this political manifesto as a serious report", adding "the conclusion that there is no occupation proves that the committee members are living in continuous denial”.
_	With the use of forensic evidence and their extensive backgrounds in criminology, they came to the conclusion that he was likely murdered by one of his closest advisors, Ay.
_	The Cortes of Toledo of 1480 came to the conclusion that the only hope of lasting financial reform lay in a resumption of these alienated lands and rents.
_	...come generally...to the conclusion that there is something painful in the condition of the rural labourer in this great respect, that it is hard even for the industrious and sober man, under ordinary conditions, to secure a provision for his own old age.
_	The bench, after glancing through the over 150-page report, said that the committee has come to the conclusion that there was inducement given to Zahira by certain persons and that there were inconsistencies in her statements.
_	When we visited the Wailing Wall we found a toilet attached to it ... we decided to remove it and from this we came to the conclusion that we could evacuate the entire area in front of the Wailing Wall ... a historical opportunity that will never return ...
_	Their finding that bilinguals strengthen the offensiveness of profanities when they switch into their second language, but soften it when they switch into their first tongue, but do both statistically significantly only in the case of ethnophaulisms (ethnic slurs) led the scientist to the conclusion that switching into the second language exempts bilinguals from the social norms and constraints (whether own or socially imposed) such as political correctness, and makes them more prone to swearing and offending others.
_	He opined that the film contained "some clever and exciting sequences", but ultimately came to the conclusion that, "It says much about today's blockbuster filmmakers that they could spend so much money on "Godzilla" and still fail to do justice to something that was fairy-tale destructo schlock to begin with."
_	Victorian readers of these emasculated texts naturally came to the conclusion that Hogg had been overrated, and that he was notable mainly as an example of triumph over adverse circumstances.
_	Within a month, Kraken presented clarification that ‘Kraken’ was never compromised; that is, after internal investigation, the security team reached the conclusion that Kraken systems, servers, and databases were not accessed by malicious attackers due to any identifiable vulnerability for which they would be responsible.
_	Reflecting upon the fact that Kahna was conquered by the Empire as its guardian, The Holy Dragon, Bahamut (Apparently all major Lagoons across Orelus are home to an ancient holy dragon each), never woke up to defend it despite the previous king's attempts, they come then to the conclusion that in order to defeat Emperor Sauzer, they must gather the powers of the Holy Dragons to their side.
_	When presented with one string, cats had no trouble getting the treats, but when presented with multiple strings, some of which were not connected to treats, the cats were unable to consistently choose the correct strings, leading to the conclusion that cats do not understand cause and effect in the same way that humans do.
_	In 1913, comparison of specimens from human, dog, cat and lion infections in India led to the conclusion that they were definitely identical.
_	The studies reached the conclusion that the statue should be moved inside and that the statue was too fragile to be copied by molding.
_	The women come to the conclusion that she wants a man.
_	His investigations lead him to the conclusion that this accident was deliberately provoked.
_	An examination of the type specimen of "S. speluncae" (Ménétriés, 1835) resulted in the conclusion that this name belonged to a relatively pale population from the Espinhaço Mountains that had been included within "S. novacapitalis" (vocally, this population is closer to "S. pachecoi").
_	Although the possibility of two species in the Espinhaço Mountains was not questioned in an article published the following year, the conclusion that the name "S. speluncae" belonged to the species of the Serra do Mar was; mainly on the basis that no direct comparison of the type specimen of "S. speluncae" had been made in 2007 (unlike in the article from 2006).
_	Jules Verne's "Around the Moon" (1870) features a discussion of the possibility of life on the Moon, but with the conclusion that it is barren.
_	Jimmy comes to the conclusion that Mark cannot afford to keep him at URBAN, so he sneaks out of a window and returns to the Cohen's apartment for a "surprise visit".
_	Eran Elhaik, a geneticist at the University of Sheffield, argues that the evidence ruled out a Near Eastern origin for many Ashkenazi mitochondrial lineages but he challenged the conclusion that a Khazarian contribution is absent.
_	After taking a year off to pursue the Satellite tennis circuit, he came to the conclusion that tennis would not be his life's work.
_	He comes to the conclusion that Demon Lord Shabranigdo is the only one with enough power to cure him.
_	Later scholars came to the conclusion that both sides were right to some extent.
_	Most historians come to the conclusion that Marie Antoinette was blameless in the matter, that Rohan was an innocent dupe, and that the La Mottes deceived both for their own ends.
_	During the "Sweatt" deliberations, Burton came to the conclusion that "Plessy v. Ferguson" should be reversed.
_	The streets and houses of early medieval Vienna followed the former Roman walls, which gives rise to the conclusion that parts of the fortification were still in place and used by the settlers.
_	The investigation came to the conclusion that this was due to the autopilot disengaging, probably due to a servo reaching its torque limit.
_	Several feasibility studies have been completed, notable by Germany and China, who have come to the conclusion that the costs of infrastructure improvement are too high for benefits to be obtained.
_	Comparison of the mitochondrial DNA with that of ancient and modern Aborigines led to the conclusion that Mungo Man fell outside the range of genetic variation seen in Australian Aboriginal people, and was used to support the multiregional origin of modern humans hypothesis.
_	During the 60’s, Father Mario comes to the conclusion that the underlying problems, the social causes of abandonment, maladaptation and social exclusion remain yet unresolved.
_	In spite of a thorough work done by both parts trying to overcome their dissimilarities, they arrived to the conclusion that the basic differences were too deep.
_	These findings supported the conclusion that due to the close proximity to the coast, fishing activities were the dominant subsistence strategy practiced by the people who occupied Elands Bay Cave.
_	Researchers studied the time required for an individual to reach the peak of sexual arousal while watching sexually explicit movies or pictures and came to the conclusion that on average women and men took almost the same time for sexual arousal — around 10 minutes.
_	In the seventh chapter Moran, wounded from his crash landing in Italy, considers his options and comes to the conclusion that "I had to get allies.
_	Studying computer tomography scans of LB1's pituitary fossa, she came to the conclusion that it is not larger than usual.
_	All which tends to the conclusion that the Hawkyns of East Indian distinction was not the son and grandson of the mayors of Plymouth.
_	Although the German government's official estimate of deaths due to the flight and expulsions has stood at 2 million since the 1960s, the publication in 1987-89 of previously classified West German studies has led some historians to the conclusion that the actual number was much lower – in the range of 500,000 to 600,000.
_	After retiring back to the United Kingdom due to bad health, he began analysing his measurements and eventually came to the conclusion that Alpha Centauri was just slightly less than one parsec away, 3.25 light years.
_	Murphy recently said "I have been trying to work out whether or not I am a devo-sceptic and I have come to the conclusion that I am not.
_	Having come to the conclusion that her hosts' corrupted souls are a cause of her failures, she tries to possess a baby with great magical potential and a pure, uncorrupted soul.
_	As the pages turn and evidence accumulates, it’s hard to avoid the conclusion that what we have on our hands is the work of a moralist.
_	It would be lazy to arrive at the conclusion that it's simply down to a gaping divide between those tracks led by Rochinski's sultry tones and those where the lead vocals come from her male companions, but it is strikingly obvious that those songs are where an appreciation for "Plaza" should probably begin."
_	He comes to the conclusion that, while "settling down" may at times be mundane and boring, "if [he's] never tied to anything, [he'll] never be free."
_	Based upon his interpretation of verses such as , Poovey arrived at the conclusion that allowing one man to enslave another was anathema to the "do unto others" charge of the bible.
_	John K. Campbell arrives at the conclusion that the Sarakatsani must have always lived in—more or less—the same conditions and areas as they were found in his days of research in the mid-1950s.
_	The first led to the conclusion that straight lines are finite, contradicting Euclid's second postulate.
_	He used an intuitive, historical approach backed up by an understanding of theoretical models to analyze these countries and came to the conclusion that a common denominator was the large current account deficits financed by loans from abroad.
_	Edited by Anthony Bogues the paper appeared for a few years before it, in its turn, faded away, having failed to win mass backing and lacking the support of the SWP, which had been withdrawn when the internal debate within SWP ranks came to the conclusion that any paper aimed at Black people should be subject to direct SWP control.
_	They had come to the conclusion that the goals of the original movement had not been met and that the danger of a global Armageddon had actually increased since the rise of the “war on terror” and the failure of the U.S. and Russia to continue to dismantle nuclear weapons below the level 7,000.
_	Leakey ran up the hill to assess the seriousness of the attack and came to the conclusion that urgent action was needed.
_	Miko, who does not know about the plan to find the gates but does know about Xykon's army, overhears the conversation and jumps to the conclusion that both are in league with Xykon.
_	He eventually came to the conclusion that flights over Mach 0.82 were impossible due to the decreasing efficiency of propellers, which one of his professors at DVL demonstrated would be only 71% at Mach 0.82, and falling rapidly.
_	The two sneak down the secret entrance the king mentioned earlier, but in their descent they find thousands of harpy eggs, eventually coming to the conclusion that Vorian is planning a full-scale attack.
_	He writes that the research supports the conclusion that sexual orientation is a product of the interactions between sex hormones and the developing brain, which predispose people's minds toward masculinity or femininity.
_	Around 4,000 Stoke fans met with the directors at the King's Hall to see the board of directors come to the conclusion that Matthews must not leave.
_	In 1928, Bentley Boy Sir Henry "Tim" Birkin had come to the conclusion that the future lay in getting more power from a lighter model by fitting a supercharger to the 4½ litre Bentley, refusing to adhere strictly to Bentley's assertion that increasing displacement is always preferable to forced induction.
_	These individuals are often quick to misinterpret Bertie's actions, which may seem strange due to the bizarre situations he becomes involved in, and come to the conclusion that Bertie is somehow mentally unsound or that he is a thief.
_	The evolutionary biologist Ernst Mayr argued that Gould, "made such contingencies a major theme in "Wonderful Life", and I have come to the conclusion that here he may be largely right."
_	But, having turned mad with old age, Gaizok has come to the conclusion that every feelings are dangerous and must be suppressed, meaning the destruction of all sentient beings.
_	The basis for this strong acceptance is a combination of extensive evidence of something not occurring, combined with an underlying theory, very successful in making predictions, whose assumptions lead logically to the conclusion that something is impossible.
_	Roemer was led to the conclusion that exploitation and class were thus generated not in the sphere of production but of market exchange.
_	The analysis here leads to the conclusion that it would.
_	After a string of financially unsuccessful films, which included roles as a president of a company who is sued for knocking down a boy in an accident in "Born to Be Bad" (1934) for 20th Century Fox, a cosmetic surgeon in "Kiss and Make-Up" (1934), and a blinded pilot opposite Myrna Loy in "Wings in the Dark" (1935), successive poor box office takings and press reports of his fledging marriage to Cherrill, led Paramount to form the conclusion that Grant was now expendable.
_	He reached the conclusion that the soul is immaterial and substantial.
_	In an appendix to his dissenting opinion, Justice Black analyzed statements made by those who framed the Fourteenth Amendment, reaching the conclusion that "the Fourteenth Amendment, and particularly its privileges and immunities clause, was a plain application of the Bill of Rights to the states."
_	During the world tour in promotion of "Peggy Suicide", Julian Cope, his guitarist, drummer and saxophonist Rooster Cosby and guitar technician Rizla Deutsch, all of whom listened to krautrock in the early 1970s, had debated "the psychie mix that had created krautrock's singular take on Western music," and reached the conclusion that they could distill "the krautrock psyche" into a complete attitude which they would then apply to Cope's new album, much like that had with the R&B and Detroit soul styles on "Peggy Suicide".
_	They also come to the conclusion that due to their unique perspectives, Number Three is searching for a reason to box them both.
_	Observers from the Hitler Youth came to the conclusion that Kuratorium activities had essentially become nothing more than a continuation of the banned Sokol movement and were concerned that "Reich-loyal" Czech nationalism would transform into a dangerous "double-edged sword".
_	In the end, MacDonald comes to the conclusion that Leila was not a cruel or heartless woman but "almost childlike in her single-mindedness."
_	The second issue decided was that there was enough substantial evidence in the public record to support the conclusion that an environmental import report should be prepared to evaluate the impacts of increased paper bag usage prior to a decision by the City of Manhattan Beach.
_	"Objective consideration of contemporary phenomena compels the conclusion that success or failure in competitive activities exhibits no tendency to be commensurate with innate capacity, but that a considerable element of the unpredictable must invariably be taken into account."
_	Trevor Hohns, chairman of selectors, said, "We wanted a batting allrounder, someone to bowl seam-up and capable of batting in the top six as well, and after considering several names we came to the conclusion that Hilton fits that bill.
_	In 1954 a committee led by vice-city executive Öyvind Stadius came to the conclusion that trams were an impractical solution for a city of Turku's size, but nevertheless recommended maintaining the tram network as large investment were made to it.
_	During operations against the UK, Germany arrived at the conclusion that the British were underestimating the successes of German communication intelligence, and this became even more obvious in Africa.
_	The girl introduces herself as "Fear" (pronounced "Fia" in Japanese), and Haruaki comes to the conclusion that she is the cube that his father had sent.
_	An important part of the rationale was the conclusion that even if the excise taxes
_	The augments soon come to the conclusion that the Federation is doomed to lose the war and suffer casualties in the hundreds of billions.
_	Farmer formed the Jazztet in 1959, with the composer and tenor saxophonist Benny Golson, after each man independently came to the conclusion that the other should be a member of his new sextet.
_	For example, Regina forgot that she sealed herself in her vault to keep others safe from herself and came to the conclusion that Emma must have trapped her.
_	He rushes to the conclusion that Sappai took it.
_	Investigators came to the conclusion that the extreme heat of the fire burned away epidermal and subcutaneous tissue around the abdominal cavity, after which the anterior aspect of the uterus ruptured, causing the fetus to spill out of the uterine cavity and land on the floor between the woman's feet.
_	He soon came to the conclusion that the board of Aldermen had illegally usurped many of the powers belonging of right to the entire corporation.
_	Lydon has been a fan of Oscar Wilde since he studied his works at school, when he came to the conclusion that "his stuff was fucking brilliant.
_	During his trip in Russia, Chiang met Leon Trotsky and other Soviet leaders, but quickly came to the conclusion that the Russian model of government was not suitable for China.
_	During the events of the "Storybook Love" arc, when everybody was out of the office, Bufkin came to the conclusion that he was now in charge and decided to rename Fabletown Bufkintown, a change that only lasted as long as it took somebody else to find out about it.
_	Given the preponderance of evidence, this paper drew the conclusion that the oncological agent in the RMKC extracts were identical to the SV40 virus.
_	It directed an intensive research effort, and in July 1941, produced two comprehensive reports that reached the conclusion that an atomic bomb was not only technically feasible, but could be produced before the war ended, perhaps in as little as two years.
_	The directors would appoint the members of the "independent committee", which would then typically deliberate and come to the conclusion that there was no good cause for bringing litigation.
_	Despite the presence of Lollii Paulini on his mother's side, Olli Salomies argues that "surely the collocation of his names points to the conclusion that they are due to a (testamentary) adoption; the adopting parent may, of course, well have been a relative of the grandmother, since ... adoptive sons and fathers were in fact often closely related."
_	This leads to the conclusion that all populations, and all available habitat, should be protected.
_	A December 2011 analysis report by the Jamestown Foundation comes to the conclusion that "in spite of denials by the Pakistani military, evidence is emerging that elements within the Pakistani military harbored Osama bin Laden with the knowledge of former army chief General Pervez Musharraf and possibly current Chief of Army Staff (COAS) General Ashfaq Pervez Kayani.
_	They come to the conclusion that Construct's anti-social behavior is due to loneliness.
_	The board took a month to reach the conclusion that "XX377" was shot down by "Cardiff".
_	Diseases, such as Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, Huntington's disease, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) have had breakthrough research that supports the conclusion that neurodegenerative diseases affect the cytoskeleton.
_	"I came to the conclusion that the theology of reconciliation was the best theology to deal with all these issues, and that more than anything else, the Jewish and Palestinian believers needed to be brought together, face to face.
_	When his visa ran out after two years, Jacobsz came to the conclusion that he needed to become a better guitar player - he decided to come back to South Africa and start his own project where he had a bit more control over the songwriting.
_	"More and more", she wrote, "we have come to the conclusion that we can do nothing here.
_	Based on a "low threshold for preparation of an environmental impact report" there is substantial evidence in the administrative record to support the conclusion that the plastic ban ordinance may have a significant impact on the environment, which requires the preparation of an environmental impact report to analyze the impacts.
_	The City of Manhattan Beach lawyers argued the geographic size supports the conclusion that increased paper bag is negligible.
_	He draws the conclusion that the lines from "Miles Gloriosus" were recited in the same way as trochaic septenarii, while other anapaestic passages (which usually contain an admixture of other metres) were sung.
_	In early 1916, the German commander, Carl Zimmermann came to the conclusion that the campaign was lost.
_	Prejudiced against blacks, he jumps to the conclusion that the culprit is Virgil Tibbs (Poitier), an African-American man passing through town after visiting his mother, who later turns out to be an experienced homicide detective from Philadelphia.
_	Instead, however, realists have “resisted the conclusion that the world is unipolar and sought evidence of balancing by other states.
_	The Great Fire of London brought most to the conclusion that God had already avenged the destruction of ter Schelling, so no special retaliation on English coastal towns was necessary.
_	This leads Renan to the conclusion that "A nation never has a veritable interest in annexing or keeping another region against the wishes of its people".
_	A 2003 study from the "Journal of Applied Microbiology" and a study published in the journal "Applied and Environmental Microbiology" support the conclusion that wild animals are a significant and dangerous vector for salmonella.
_	The authorities meanwhile have found the house empty and the barn burnt down, and come to the conclusion that the bereaved and mentally unstable Hec has abducted Ricky.
_	Mackay's disappearance made headlines around the nation and many, such as Griffith supervisor of detectives James Bindon, drew the conclusion that gangland figure Robert Trimbole was responsible for the apparent contract-style killing.
_	Solo (none the worse for his auto accident, which is never discussed) arrives as well and, after comparing notes the two men reach the conclusion that the cats, having a similar nervous system to humans, are being experimented upon with the de-aging process developed by Lancer and Gritsky.
_	One night, while Roth's teenage daughter, Kelly, is out, a fearful Roth jumps to the conclusion that Hendricks has taken her.
_	In reaching the conclusion that there was a reasonable doubt as to the Chamberlains' guilt, Commissioner Trevor Morling concluded that the hypothesis that Chamberlain murdered Azaria had not been proved beyond reasonable doubt.
_	Thus, one could come to the conclusion that the four animals lion, horse, elephant and bull symbolize Lord Buddha who is associated with the Four Noble Truths.
_	This would lead to the conclusion that we come to a knowledge of the immanent Trinity through the study of God's work in the "Economy".
_	Buffy cuts one of the Chumash with his own knife, and reaches the conclusion that their own weapons can kill them.
_	Many nationalists drew the conclusion that independence could not be won by peaceful means, and so started organizing for violent rebellion.
_	It is during this relationship with Ed, a Christian, that Eileen comes to the conclusion that she is agnostic.
_	The Supreme Court came to the conclusion that the use of this evidence seized unconstitutionally by a state officer does not “outweigh the societal costs imposed by the exclusion.”
_	That evening, Berryman came to the conclusion that unless the Italian defence collapsed soon, the 16th and 17th Infantry Brigades would become incapable of further effort and Brigadier Horace Robertson's 19th Infantry Brigade would be required.
_	A further study in 2011 using both extinct and living taxa sampled for morphological, as well as molecular data, came to the conclusion that the Lissamphibia are monophyletic and should be nested within the Lepospondyli rather than within the Temnospondyli.
_	The length of his hair, his voice and other features led her to the conclusion that somehow there was something different.
_	With the help of the taxi driver, Kristie makes some shocking discoveries about her loved ones and comes to the conclusion that unless she stops him, Dylan will lead mankind into a horrifically malevolent future.
_	The doctor mentions a rumour that Veronkha has had a child and Boles somehow jumps to the conclusion that the child is his (belonging to him and Iris, who he still believes Veronkha to be) and confuses Danchuk's baby as this child, heading back to his billet to console said baby.
_	A report conducted by the ICTY entitled Final Report to the Prosecutor by the Committee Established to Review the NATO Bombing Campaign Against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia after the Kosovo War examined the attack on the Chinese embassy specifically and came to the conclusion that the OTP (Office of the Prosecutor) should not undertake an investigation concerning the bombing of the Chinese Embassy.
_	Applying these principles led to the conclusion that although the two sections were valid, they did not apply to the plaintiff's action in the High Court because the section did not extend to decisions affected by jurisdictional error.
_	Meiners studied the anatomy of the Negro and came to the conclusion that Negroes have bigger teeth and jaws than any other race, as Negroes are all carnivores.
_	Eiland-Hall told "Politics Daily" that after reading the initial thread at Fark which started the meme, he came to the conclusion that for those involved online participation in its propagation was a form of catharsis.
_	Benton, on the other hand, was slowly coming to the conclusion that slavery was wrong and that preservation of the union was paramount.
_	Many have come to the conclusion that without assuming ecosystem continuation as a universal good, with attendant virtues like biodiversity and ecological wisdom it is impossible to justify such operational requirements as sustainability of human activity on Earth.
_	Parsons immediately wrote an affidavit in defense of Stouffer, and he also defended himself against the charges that were in the affidavit: "This allegation is so preposterous that I cannot understand how any reasonable person could come to the conclusion that I was a member of the Communist Party or ever had been."
_	Kranton and Minehart came to the conclusion that if we consider markets as networks it can enable sellers to pool uncertainty in demand.
_	He came to the conclusion that sound does travel faster in water, but because of the water's density compared to our earth's atmosphere it was incredibly hard to get the sonic waves into the water.
_	He does not assign single kings to specific dynasties, but comes to the conclusion that these kings belong to the late 16th or very early 17th Dynasty,
_	He left politics after he came to the conclusion that Ukraine had reached a level of development when business and politics should be separated.
_	I have to give the nod to Sympathy for the Devil, because I came to the conclusion that probably Mr. Bellows was the devil.
_	On the planet Arnold, a junior CPA had come to the conclusion that Arnold would explode in eight hours.
_	It concluded that: "His Majesty's Government, after careful study of the Partition Commission's report, have reached the conclusion that this further examination has shown that the political, administrative and financial difficulties involved in the proposal to create independent Arab and Jewish States inside Palestine are so great that this solution of the problem is impracticable."
_	Without watching the film, the man who levelled the allegations came to the conclusion that its story is plagiarised.
_	The Court construed the silence of the Constitution on the subject of such unilateral Presidential action as equivalent to "an express prohibition", agreeing with historical material that supported the conclusion that statutes may only be enacted "in accord with a single, finely wrought and exhaustively considered, procedure", and that a bill must be approved or rejected by the President in its entirety.
_	Further evidence is collected in support of the conclusion that Carl had climbed the boat's mast to cut down a lantern, been knocked from the mast by the freighter's wake, hit his head, then fallen into the sea.
_	Members of the WOI came to the conclusion that neither Western feminist models nor traditional Iranian models provided a satisfactory framework for the Iranian women’s movement and the role of women; they set out to develop local concepts and strategies to create new possibilities for the role women could play, the aspirations they had, without breaking away altogether from their culture.
_	I drew the conclusion that there should be an end to proselytizing but that equally there should be no syncretism of the kind typified by the Bahá'í movement.
_	Goldstone and O’Regan JJ (Ackermann and Mokgoro JJ concurring) concurred in the result, but dissented insofar as they reached the conclusion that drawing an adverse inference from the first appellant’s failure timeously to disclose his alibi was an unjustifiable infringement of the right to remain silent.
_	After extensively studying "P. moranensis" in habitat, Ruiz (1999) came to the conclusion that the species could be divided into two distinct varieties, mainly on the basis of the shape of the leaves composing their winter (resting) rosettes:
_	From these results, Wason came to the conclusion that negatives are used in daily lives and discourse to correct common misconceptions.
_	But, after the composite tank failed on the test stand during fueling and pressure tests, NASA came to the conclusion that the technology of the time was simply not advanced enough for such a design.
_	A review came to the conclusion that VAS and numerical rating scale (NRS) were the best adapted pain scales for pain measurement in endometriosis.
_	The timid attitude of Pirx towards women, as seen in stories "The Conditioned Reflex" and "The Albatross" (the only two where Pirx interacts with women), may lead to the conclusion that he is a "confirmed bachelor".
_	While a variety of theories exist, most have come to the conclusion that there was sharing of culture and construction methods both directions.
_	We've looked deep into ourselves and come to the conclusion that now is the time to begin again.
_	When the Soviets won the Battle of Stalingrad on 2 February 1943, Antonescu came to the conclusion that the war was lost for the Axis, proceeding to destroy files and documents that revealed his active persecution of Romania’s Jews.
_	Our "present understanding of the law of discrimination", Robertson argued, precludes the conclusion that "the common law limitations of marriage to persons of the opposite sex" constitutes discrimination under Section 15 of the Charter.
_	On 1 November 1956, Yates interrupted on a point of order and said, "I have come to the conclusion that Her Majesty's Government has been involved in an international conspiracy".
_	After deliberations the court came to the conclusion that the charge was not proved, owing to the nature of his orders and the Admiralty's failure to clarify them, and Troubridge was ‘fully and honourably acquitted’.
_	North Carolina appealed the decision to the North Carolina Supreme Court, challenging only the conclusion that a mistaken belief that a traffic violation had occurred provided no "objectively reasonable justification" for a traffic stop.
_	I have come to the conclusion that the industrial prison system in the United States has many of these elements, where people, for really no reason, for possession of marijuana or things like that are going to jail, where some minor crimes have become felonies.
_	It was not an accident so I am left with the conclusion that it is murder.
_	Alexander Stokes (another expert in helical diffraction theory) and Wilkins (both at King's College) had reached the conclusion that X-ray diffraction data for DNA indicated that the molecule had a helical structure—but Franklin vehemently disputed this conclusion.
_	He came to the conclusion that there could be no hope of peace and progress in South Africa while there remained the "permanent subjection of British to Dutch in one of the Republics".
_	A United Nations report in 2002 came to the conclusion that sharp declines in fertility rates in India, Nigeria, and Mexico occurred despite low levels of economic development.
_	Sightings of pairs during migration in Panama have led to the conclusion that they are permanently monogamous.
_	Similar to Tocqueville, he arrived to the conclusion that freeing the slaves in the future will result in racial conflicts.
_	Nara, Anachronism, and Bloodstone manage to survive falling into the chasm and come to the conclusion that Apex is manipulating Death Locket and Kid Briton to her own ends.
_	"It is hard to escape the conclusion that the public sector staff managing the project were not up to the rough and tumble of negotiating refinancing proposals with the private sector ...
_	From this, scientists have tentatively come to the conclusion that this species' kidneys offer valuable water conservation.
_	Murphy reached the conclusion that section 41 did give the four people a right to vote at a federal level, since they had a right to vote in New South Wales.
_	He claims that it is easy to acquire money, which she challenges, so on the spot he comes up with an unscrupulous scheme to demonstrate to her just how easy it is: After suddenly disappearing under suspicious circumstances, he would leave behind clues and red herrings leading others to jump to the conclusion that he is a traitor, having stolen top secret naval documents from his division, then defected to the Soviet Union.
_	It distinguished from "Kent v. Dulles" because here it found an administrative practice sufficiently substantial and consistent to warrant the conclusion that Congress had implicitly approved it.
_	The extreme material, political and human losses and sacrifices led the nations – or more precisely: their ruling classes – to the conclusion that war and protectionism should not be used any more as weapons against each other to assure the survival of the free western world.
_	In December 2006 they published their thoughts and came to the conclusion that Van den Herik should leave the club.
_	Later, however, the Soviet leadership came to the conclusion that they should not intervene in Poland.
_	Teeth that were recovered from Warsaw, Illinois showed signs of wear due to crushing hard-shelled invertebrates and mollusks, leading to the conclusion that it is durophagous.
_	J. Thomas supports this interpretation by discussing a number of statutory interpretation principles; first, the statutory schema supports the conclusion that the relevant statute is "better read" as a "safeguard" rather than an "exclusive method"; second, protections given in nearby provisions support such a reading; third, Petitioner's interpretation would effectively nullify amendments made to FLSA by Congress; fourth, the relevant statute is silent on the issue.
_	He says that after reading the Islamic scriptures, (the Qur'an in conjunction with the hadith, tafsir, and sira), they come to the conclusion that the Salafi/Athari understanding is the true form of Islam.
_	A re-interpretation of the reflectograms in agreement with the other analysis suggested the conclusion that the work in the Museum of Fine Arts in Brussels is a panel painting transferred to canvas.
_	Ariès used the analysis of demographic data to draw the conclusion that the concept of childhood was a concept that emerged in modern nuclear families.
_	On 25 October 1974, the Court of Appeal heard the grounds for appeal and reached the conclusion that the witness' evidence of seeing Wendy Sewell walking towards the back of the consecrated chapel was unreliable due to some fully grown trees obstructing her line of sight.
_	The policemen soon come to the conclusion that the baby isn't on the train, and head back to make their report.
_	Both these things (i.e. the character and his fate in the Hereafter) have been depicted in a way which makes the listener automatically reach the conclusion that such a man fitly deserves to meet such an end.
_	They come to the conclusion that this little girl is the cause of these disasters
_	Grant comes to the conclusion that Henry is a much more likely perpetrator of the dual regicide than Richard when the question of 'who instigated the killing of the princes?' is approached from the traditional crime detection perspective of means, motive and opportunity - particularly motive.
_	More detailed studies, however, led to the conclusion that it would be difficult to build a direct southern Palatinate line via Pirmasens on either route due to the difficult topography.
_	He spent the summer working on the problem in circuit design that was commonly called the "tyranny of numbers", and he finally came to the conclusion that the manufacturing of circuit components "en masse" in a single piece of semiconductor material could provide a solution.
_	But seeing the aggressive stances of Socialist exponents and their media, including slander and blackmail, I reached the conclusion that the presidential process cannot have the minimum of civilization, and due to the political interests, the process will not be allowed to contribute the civil factors.
_	Arrow explained, "When I discovered that 70% of chloroquine was distributed commercially, I immediately came to the conclusion that ACTs would have to be distributed through the private sector if we wanted nearly universal coverage."
_	Some TV channels interviewed the victim's neighbours to come to the conclusion that the girl's name was not what she was forced to say by the channel that recorded her molestation and near-stripping.
_	This encounter, as well as the frightful sufferings of Jewish martyrs during the Hadrianic persecutions, led Elisha to the conclusion that there was no reward for virtue in this life, though the Pharisee sages interpreted this passage as referring to life and reward in the next world.
_	When she denies this, the crew come to the conclusion that Ronnie is gay.
_	If indifference curves for purchases be thought of as possessing a wavy character, convex to the origin in some regions and concave in others, we are forced to the conclusion that it is only the portions convex to the origin that can be regarded as possessing any importance, since the others are essentially unobservable.
_	They reached the conclusion that none of the Book of Mormon selections they studied resembled writings of any of the suggested nineteenth-century authors, including Joseph Smith.
_	(The decision in "Lemon v. Kurtzman" hinged upon the conclusion that the government benefits were flowing disproportionately to Catholic schools, and that Catholic schools were an integral component of the Catholic Church's religious mission, thus the policy involved the state in an "excessive entanglement" with religion.)
_	After coming to the conclusion that Terry was never going to be a suitable father to Tommy, Lisa sets her sights on bookie Des Barnes (Philip Middlemiss).
_	According to Standish, "Anyone who is acquainted with the facts and has any amount of logical reasoning can not avoid the conclusion that neither Cook, nor Peary, nor Byrd reached the North Pole; and they all knew it."
_	Other scientists came to the conclusion that the Opisthocoelicaudiinae is paraphyletic (not forming a natural group).
_	In his first autobiography he described how he once considered ordination to the Anglican priesthood, but came to the conclusion that he "couldn't believe in God, because [he] was fundamentally Hellenic in [his] outlook."
_	At daybreak, Nolan came to the conclusion that Tafoya was lost as was the bison hunters.
_	He also used it as a means to criticize himself for failing to obtain high office, but coming to the conclusion that the true gentleman displays virtue instead of greed for power.
_	The 5 survivors meanwhile tried orientating where they were and came to the conclusion that they had to swim in the direction between the left side of the moon and the right side of a star that were in sky.
_	Observations of the star S2 in orbit around Sagittarius A* have been used to show the presence of, and produce data about, the Milky Way's central supermassive black hole, and have led to the conclusion that Sagittarius A* is the site of that black hole.
_	On 28 July, the Minister announced that the Solicitor-General had completed his review of the Minister's decision and formed the conclusion that Dr Haneef's appeal will fail.
_	If the Court had come to the conclusion that the death sentence was not the only proper sentence, the other options of imprisonment for life or imprisonment for a lengthy term of 20 or 25 years would have been considered.
_	Justice Stevens, writing for the majority, took as his starting point the conclusion that Congress did not intend a private Federal cause of action for violations of the FDCA; in other words, private parties may not bring a suit solely on the basis of a violation of the Act.
_	Thus, it held that the policy announced in the challenged regulations is "sufficiently substantial and consistent" to compel the conclusion that Congress has approved it.
_	They find Veruca's clothes and then come to the conclusion that she left her clothes to throw them off her scent and has gone after Willow.
_	When the philosophical community came to the conclusion that distance was an illusion and all places were in fact the same place, Ly was the philosopher to make the famed conclusion that although all places were in fact the same place, that place was "very big".
_	Ligdus was forced to come to the conclusion that they had to kill his wife's child if it wasn't a boy.
_	After Kauto Star's defeat following the short break between the races at Down Royal and Haydock, Nicholls stated he had come to the conclusion that the horse was best run fresh, so unlike previous seasons he would not run again before Cheltenham where he was once again being aimed at the Cheltenham Gold Cup, as was stable companion and current holder Denman.
_	I came to the conclusion that too much wasn't enough.
_	But Gilbaris's programing causes him to reach the conclusion that all other forms of intelligent life in the universe much be exterminated.
_	Hubert Wilkins flew over the area in 1937 on his search for the missing Sigizmund Levanevsky and came to the conclusion that the land never existed.
_	He also came to the conclusion that it was distinct from the witherite and contained a new earth (neue Grunderde).
_	Hartinger continued, "Frankly, it's literally "impossible" for me to reconcile last night's episode with MacFarlane's words, unless I come to the conclusion that the man is pretty much a complete idiot."
_	Such cases led to a general mistrust of food additives, and an application of the precautionary principle led to the conclusion that only additives that are known to be safe should be used in foods.
_	They then come to the conclusion that we are teaching Scientology when actually a methodology doesn't have anything to do with content."
_	Arbore, who now criticized Bakunian anarchism, quickly came to the conclusion that a socialist party was needed as a more radical alternative to the Romanian two-party system: in 1879, he helped organize the first-ever conference of Romanian socialist clubs, and, over the following months, was member of the editorial staff at "România Viitoare", the socialist review (as a result of his participation, the magazine also enlisted contributions from Reclus and his brother Élie, as well as from poet Louis-Xavier de Ricard).
_	This leads many parents and educators to the conclusion that the child knows how to use counting to determine the size of a set.
_	After examining the "Geneva rubies", Verneuil came to the conclusion that it was possible to recrystallise finely ground aluminium oxide into a large gemstone.
_	In the Macedonian army of Philip II and Alexander the Great, the cavalry unit termed the "prodromoi" carried skirmishing equipment for scouting and outpost duties, however, the cavalrymen of this unit are sometimes referred to as "sarissophoroi", "pikemen" or "lancers", which leads to the conclusion that they were sometimes armed with an uncommonly long xyston (believed to be 14 ft long), though certainly not an infantry pike ("sarissa").
_	Two years later, representatives reached the conclusion that the Reformed and Lutheran denominations recognize each other as churches that preach the Gospel and administer the sacraments in accordance to Christ’s command, recommendations which were adopted by the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) (which has come about due to a merger between the United Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A. and the Presbyterian Church in the U.S. in 1983) and the Reformed Church in America in 1986, and would be adopted by the United Church of Christ in 1989.
_	Sharon said: "As soon as it became clear that the existing political framework was falling apart, I came to the conclusion that the best thing for the country is to hold new elections as soon as possible."
_	The Court of Criminal Appeal dismissed the case finding that if the original jury 'came to the conclusion that the accused was the person who had brought about the death of the woman, no matter by what means, it was justified in finding a verdict of guilty'.
_	The court defined that the plaintiffs' rights were to be determined by Russian law, but the infringement had to be judged by U.S. law; and came to the conclusion that under Russian copyright law, the news agency Itar-TASS and the individual authors of the newspaper articles certainly were copyright holders and thus entitled to sue.
_	He came to the conclusion that the manoeuvre could not be completed so as to allow the British to catch them.
_	In addition there is no factual record on how long Toca took to prepare for Titlow’s case, therefore the court cannot jump to the conclusion that just because there is an absence of record counsel was ineffective.
_	Due to the fact that many Ukrainian Greek-Catholic priests – now formally serving as Orthodox priests – appealed to the bishops by requesting absolution and their re-acceptance into the Greek-Catholic faith, in 1956 Bishop Charnetsky came to the conclusion that the priests should continue to provide pastoral care to the faithful in the Orthodox Church, while secretly belonging to the Greek-Catholic Church.
_	This evidence led to the conclusion that he belonged to Hazrat Shah Sultan Gyasuddin Awalia and had travelled extensively to Bangladesh and Pakistan in 2007.
_	Howl had realized early on that Sophie was under a spell and secretly attempted to remove the curse; when he had met with failure, he had come to the conclusion that Sophie simply enjoyed "being in disguise".
_	While in Mexico, Julie had come to the conclusion that her grotesque appearance would drag Doug down, so she had dissolved their marriage.
_	The opposing theology that Jesus is subordinate to God as his Chief agent leads to the conclusion that ""... a god"" or ""... divine"" is the proper rendering.
_	We thought about it and came to the conclusion that it could."
_	The employer must apply its mind to the proposals and, if applicable, give defendable reasons for dismissing these alternatives and coming to the conclusion that dismissal was the only solution.
_	Johnston's attention was then turned to a detailed examination of continental makes of motor cars and he came to the conclusion that he could design and make a better vehicle than any of them and, in particular, a better engine.
_	After the public outcry against Jewison, Worth came to the conclusion that "it needed a black director at this point.
_	These authors independently arrived at the conclusion that every observation of a merger between cluster members, both of which showed blue colors, had the spectroscopic signature of a starburst or post-starburst object.
_	The existence of Q follows from the conclusion that, as Luke and Matthew are independent of Mark in the double tradition, the connection between them must be explained by their joint but independent use of a missing source or sources.
_	In doing so, he came to the conclusion that the majority of it was produced not by Native Americans, but by African Americans.
_	Gradually, on closer examination and from having been shown multiple briefing documents, Lazar came to the conclusion that the discs must have been of extraterrestrial origin.
_	Foot's first stint at "Private Eye" lasted until 1972 when, according to Patrick Marnham, Foot was effectively sacked by Richard Ingrams who had come to the conclusion that Foot's copy was being unduly influenced by his contacts in the International Socialists.
_	He comes to the conclusion that it should be about his life with Alvin ("Write What You Know") but cannot bring himself to write anything down.
_	Last but not least a study done by Hilleke E Hulshoff Pol reached the conclusion that the brain does change in overall volume and the volume of its parts with the use of cross-sex hormone supplements.
_	Those two statements could then lead to the conclusion that “This C is B”.
_	He comes to the conclusion that Tanner may be acting honestly, but because of past experiences Harvey is unwilling to take Tanner at his word and agree to his initial settlement offer, which Harvey himself admits to Mike in private is relatively fair, but still refuses to consider as a possibility because Tanner is the one presenting it.
_	After searching or inspecting the machines, and even playing on at least some of them, the officers came to the conclusion that five of the machines were illegal.
_	Woodward goes on to explain Harvey's approach in the new CentCom intelligence agency in some detail, and that Harvey reached the conclusion that "the war could be won, but the U.S. government would have to make monumental long-term commitments for years that might be unpalatable with voters" (p 79, "Obama's Wars").
_	According to Griffin, Gerbner's research led to the conclusion that heavy viewers tend to label themselves as middle class citizens who are politically moderate.
_	The lack of evidence supporting the vaccine overload hypothesis, combined with these findings directly contradicting it, has led to the conclusion that currently recommended vaccine programs do not "overload" or weaken the immune system.
_	According to Michael Perlin, Foucault in his book "Madness and Civilization" documented the history of using institutional psychiatry as a political tool, researched the expanded use of the public hospitals in the 17th century in France and came to the conclusion that "confinement [was an] answer to an economic crisis... reduction of wages, unemployment, scarcity of coin" and, by the 18th century, the psychiatric hospitals satisfied "the indissociably economic and moral demand for confinement."
_	In the car were found a quantity of Semtex, detonators, and equipment for a radio detonation device, which, "O" told the coroner, led MI5 to the conclusion that the IRA might use a similar device for the planned attack in Gibraltar.
_	During a meeting on June 17, 1955, Archbishop Leo Binz and the pastors of the Dubuque Catholic parishes came to the conclusion that new high school facilities were needed to replace the existing buildings.
_	Indeed, anyone who stops to consider the performance consequences of trail following – let alone link-directed pointer chasing – over a microfilm library of near universal scope should quickly come to the conclusion that microfilm is no more appropriate a technology for implementing AWMT's vision than Jules Verne's cannon is an appropriate technology for sending astronauts to the Moon.
_	A committee of the House of Commons which sat to investigate his claims came to the conclusion that "Sir Richard Weston was the designer of the navigation, and they were satisfied that Mr. [John] Weston's estate was left to him encumbered by reason of his father undertaking the navigation."
_	Neisser, in this book, had come to the conclusion that cognitive psychology had little hope of achieving its potential without taking careful theoretical note of the Gibsons' work on perception which argued that understanding human behavior first involves careful analysis of the information available to any perceiving organism.
_	On 15 November 1746 the town authorities in Lorient met and arrived at the conclusion that their victory had been due to an intervention by the Virgin Mary.
_	Meanwhile, Nico comes to the conclusion that Dylan's stalker was Kyle and punches him.
_	Another episode has Piti & Bubble finding a duck on the ship (naming it Manolito) leading to the conclusion that land may be nearby.
_	The language in both works is similar and dates to the same era, leading to the conclusion that they originate around the same time and place.
_	Synthesizing findings from an extensive selection of publications, Golden (2005) reached the conclusion that children's outcomes were largely unchanged when examining children's developmental risk, including health status, behavior or emotional problems, suspensions from school, and lack of participation in extracurricular activities.
_	Aadhi plots a new plan to disclose things to Reddy, as the situation brings him to the conclusion that Jayakrishnan devised the whole plan to save face, owing to the fact that Reddy might kill him if he is found guilty.
_	The results supported the conclusion that Hitler would have been killed had any of three other scenarios occurred:
_	After coming to the conclusion that Dr. Benway is, in fact, the secret mastermind of a narcotics operation for a drug called "black meat" which is supposedly derived from the guts of giant centipedes, Lee completes his report and flees Interzone to Annexia with Joan Frost.
_	I have no hesitation in coming to the conclusion that the attack on Laycoe was not only deliberate but persisted in the face of all authority and that the referee acted with proper judgment in awarding a match penalty.
_	These hypotheses have been investigated, with the conclusion that currently used vaccines meet high safety standards and that criticism of vaccine safety in the popular press is not justified.
_	That nothing is then said of the former, invites the conclusion that Hazlik, unlike Othmar, does not see the need to avail himself of this crutch.
_	Thus, with the consent of the Council members, the presidency drew the conclusion that the Council could proceed to take a decision on the draft before it.
_	The archaeological excavations have unearthed antiquities which attest to the conclusion that this site was first settled by a small group of agriculturists during the Chalcolithic period, around 3,500 BC.
_	After examining the evidence Moore comes to the conclusion that in Roman comedy, the pipe-player ("tibicen")
_	The philosophical vein of various kinds of skepticism contains many kinds of doubt and rejection of the various bases on which logic rests, such as the idea of logical form, correct inference, or meaning, typically leading to the conclusion that there are no logical truths.
_	Ballistics experts commissioned by the Investigating Magistrates in Rome responsible for a criminal inquiry who examined the car in Rome came to the conclusion that the car was travelling no faster than 45 mph (60 km/h).
_	Christian VIII had reached the conclusion that, should the Unitary State survive, a constitution covering both Denmark, Schleswig and Holstein was necessary.
_	Within days of crossing the border into Bosnia, feldzeugmeister Filipović came to the conclusion that the Austro-Hungarian 'soft strategy' of capturing town-by-town is not going to work and that the aim of occupying Sarajevo would require more manpower and more brutal tactics, so he requested and received reinforcements.
_	Nehamas draws the conclusion that if individuals constitute themselves through their actions, then they can only maintain themselves in their current state by living in a recurrence of past actions (Nehamas 153).
_	The staff of "Gidra" ultimately came to the conclusion that "Gidra" in its then-current form was no longer as necessary.
_	For example, based on experts' assessments Glenn Kessler from "The Washington Post" has come to the conclusion that between 2013 and 2014 the amount of nuclear material, which could be converted by Iran to a bomb, has been increased.
_	This, together with interviews of some of the Brunsvik descendants, led her to the conclusion that Therese must have been the "Immortal Beloved."
_	According to the September 2009 report of the European Union-sponsored Independent International Fact-Finding Mission on the Conflict in Georgia, "several elements suggest the conclusion that ethnic cleansing was carried out against ethnic Georgians in South Ossetia both during and after the August 2008 conflict."
_	There are references that lead to the conclusion that there are many semi-precious and precious gemstones included in their mining.
_	They subsequently came to the conclusion that the mysterious criminal did not exist and that the laboratory results were due to contamination of the cotton buds used for DNA probing.
_	George Fox came to the conclusion that the only real spirituality was achieved by paying attention to the Holy Spirit (the godhead) through silence, and founded the Quaker movement on this basis – one which shared much resemblance with "Quietist" thought.
_	Just before the opening of the haftarah, in the captain on whom the king leaned jumps to the conclusion that Elisha's prophecy could not come true, and the captain meets his punishment in and 19.
_	In a letter to Harold Macmillan Kennedy wrote: "After careful review of the problem, I have to come to the conclusion that it would be undesirable to assist France's efforts to create a nuclear weapons capability".
_	It became obvious to the leaders of the Parliamentarians that they could not negotiate a settlement with him and they could not trust him to refrain from raising an army against them; they reluctantly came to the conclusion that he would have to be put to death.
_	In his article "How Ravens Came to the Tower of London", American author Boria Sax came to the conclusion that "the ravens were originally brought in to dramatise the alleged site of executions at the Tower".
_	Archaeological investigations suggest the conclusion that a number of round churches were originally non-Christian sacred buildings converted into churches.
_	Yet, in terms of long-term reproductive outcome after miscarriage, a review in 2013 came to the conclusion that there were no studies reporting a link to D&C, while similar pregnancy outcomes were reported subsequent to surgical management (including D&C), medical management or conservative management (that is, watchful waiting).
_	In a more philosophical context, the conclusion that these quantities are constant raises the question of why they have the specific value they do in what appears to be a "fine-tuned Universe", while their being variable would mean that their known values are merely an accident of the current time at which we happen to measure them.
_	After seeing the postcard from Holbrook in Spencer's office, he came to the conclusion that Spencer had re-accepted his old job and activated the assassins.
_	"All the specialists who examined her came to the conclusion that she could never have any children.
_	This led to the conclusion that some traits are related to each other because of their near proximity to each other on a chromosome.
_	Also, the red shifts themselves were not constant, but varied in such manner as to lead to the conclusion that there was a definite relationship between amount of red-shift of nebulae, and their distance from observers.
_	He came to the conclusion that the totalitarian cruelty of Stalinism was not an aberration, but instead a logical end-product of Marxism, whose genealogy he examined in his monumental "Main Currents of Marxism", his major work, published in 1976–1978.
_	The residents of Nitzanim demanded a probe into the battle, and one was conducted by the General Staff, siding with the residents and coming to the conclusion that surrender was justified.
_	The population was estimated at 600 in 1997, below 100 in 2014, approximately 60 in 2015, around 30 in November 2016, and only 12 in March 2018, leading to the conclusion that the species will soon be extinct unless drastic action is taken.
_	The experts, who were asked by the Archaeological Survey of India to examine the condition of the foundation in wake of the floods have arrived at the conclusion that there was no danger to the temple.
_	In that same year he served on the Commission to Assess the Ballistic Missile Threat to the United States, which came to the conclusion that Iraq could develop a ballistic missile capable of striking the US in ten years.
_	These analysis of interdisciplinary origin sometimes have obtained results which lead to make the conclusion that the mundialization process won’t represent a mere “globalization” with a positive amount as difference in terms of growing and development.
_	Researcher Sigmund Eisner came to the conclusion that the name Tristan comes from Drust, son of Talorc, but that the legend of Tristan as we know it, was gathered together by an Irish monk living in North Britain around the early 8th century.
_	Later, however, the OC head O.Anpilogov changed his mind and declared at the OC meeting that after discussing the matter with the head of the SPSU head for Kharkiv oblast’ they arrived at the conclusion that issuance of such passes is not expedient, and assured the commission members that no problems will arise for their visits to the penitentiary institutions.
_	In reaction to these demonstrations and the general social foment, Tsar Alexander II came to the conclusion that mass arrests and trials were necessary to halt the revolutionaries and discredit their fight.
_	True to his nature of never wanting to be second best, Tytla came to the conclusion that he could never top these masters and destroyed most of his work.
_	However, a re-consideration of all the facts leads to the conclusion that following the construction of the Glastonbury Abbey clock, Lightfoot was engaged to make a clock especially for Wells Cathedral.
_	He concluded that “Careful analysis of the two 3GP videos which included both frame by frame visual inspection as well as the robust mathematical attributes of the video frames, has led us to the conclusion that this is a very deliberate and orchestrated video".
_	This led to the conclusion that genes needed to be read in a specific "reading frame" and a single base insertion or deletion would shift the reading frame (frameshift mutation) in such a way that the remaining DNA would code for a different polypeptide than the one intended.
_	He obtained the conclusion that instability is the robust property of capitalist accumulation.
_	The families' lawyer, Des Collins, said: "Prior to the trial, the council maintained that a thorough investigation had led it to the conclusion that there was no link between the reclamation work and the children's birth defects.
_	From Freud’s theories about homosexuality, some came to the conclusion that homosexuality was something that could be treated.
_	While Dijkstra had programmed extensively in machine code in the 1950s, he came to the conclusion that in high-level languages frequent use of the GOTO statement was usually symptomatic of poor structure.
_	Among exoplanets, a review in 2015 came to the conclusion that Kepler-62f, Kepler-186f and Kepler-442b were likely the best candidates for being potentially habitable.
_	But Stanislavski eventually came to the conclusion that the theatre was not the place for such experiments, as it distracted from much of the work that needed to be done.
_	In the 2007 peer-reviewed academic article "Charlatanry in forensic speech science", the authors reviewed 50 years of lie detector research and came to the conclusion that there is no scientific evidence supporting that voice analysis lie detectors actually work.
_	Columbus's shipmates overhear their captain talking to Pico, and come to the conclusion that Columbus is crazy.
_	Indeed, in a discussion with two mother's of Diego's children, they and Kahlo come to the conclusion that he himself is like a child, a conclusion clearly depicted in this work.
_	Ritter came to the conclusion that whatever differences divided Lutherans, Catholics and Calvinists, member of three churches had more in common, to unite them against the Nazis.
_	The study comes to the conclusion that these deformities are a result of exposure to exogenous retinoids, but more study is needed to make a sure determination.
_	Eventually, however, he comes to the conclusion that Mr. Smith is somehow causing the events that he writes about, and tells Mr. Smith he wants him gone.
_	He is summoned back to London under conditions of absolute secrecy, not allowed to divulge any details even to Louise, who naturally does not believe his unconvincing cover story and jumps to the conclusion that he is having an affair.
_	According to his lawyer, Noel O'Brien, the decision was based on the conclusion that "where a mandatory minimum sentence amounts to 'cruel and unusual punishment' and thus a violation under s. 12 of the Charter Of Rights, the only option open to a trial judge is to strike down the legislation itself, even if the mandatory punishment would be constitutional in the vast majority of cases.
_	Given the general observation that powerful groups seem to rely heavily on these ideas of natural subordination, many liberationist thinkers came to the conclusion that this essentialism would be a prime rhetorical vehicle to subvert.
_	Paul kneeling before Mary, as well as a series of Marian scenes lead to the conclusion that the church was dedicated to Mary, perhaps to be identified with the Monastery of Theotokos Gorgoepikoos.
_	He believed that, looking at India, Bangladeshis should draw the conclusion that, instead of democracy, what was needed was a popular revolution led by a revolutionary party.
_	Judges came to the conclusion that White deserved the better score because he started off with a more technical trick and he had 1 more hit than Pearce.
_	Justice Thomas applied strict scrutiny and reached the conclusion that "the State of Washington lacks even a legitimate governmental interest–to say nothing of a compelling one–in second-guessing a fit parent’s decision regarding visitation with third parties."
_	There are also many manuscripts which support the conclusion that the land was ruled by "Vel"s.
_	Hugh Browne came to the conclusion that they were forgeries.
_	Devi comes to the conclusion that Sickness is only distracting her in an attempt to make her never use her mind to think about anything.
_	After discussions with an "experienced director", they came to the conclusion that the (unnamed) choice was going to do something "too glossy" and that they wanted to present something more nuanced and interesting.
_	The official investigation at the time determined that he had committed suicide, but later the police came to the conclusion that he had been killed.
_	While still highly basic, the corresponding p"K" of the free carbanionic intermediate is estimated to be much higher, around 30-34 (based on measurements on the analogous 1,3-dimethyluracil), leading to the conclusion that the enzyme stabilizes the carbanion by at least 14 kcal/mol.
_	This careful procedure led us to the conclusion that the man, whoever he was, couldn't be a great artist, for we had learned somewhere that great artists painted only by inspiration, a process akin to magic."
_	He became a highly reputed observer of Mars, and at first supported the notion of Martian canals, but after using the 83 centimeter telescope at Meudon Observatory during the 1909 opposition of Mars, he came to the conclusion that canals were an optical illusion.
_	Another declassified memorandum written in 1990 by the curator of the CIA's Historical Intelligence Collection William Henhoeffer, characterized the conclusion that Wallenberg was working for the OSS while in Budapest as being "essentially correct".
_	In a March 2008 paper published in the "Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society", he put forward the conclusion that global warming is likely to increase the intensity but decrease the frequency of hurricane and cyclone activity.
_	She jumps to the conclusion that Thana killed her dog, and tells police that she is at a party with her co-workers.
_	Transport for London had been looking at options for the depot since 2010, and had reached the conclusion that the workshops could be relocated to Acton Works, with the Transplant maintenance facilities moving to Ruislip depot.
_	This led to the conclusion that they could be the translated relics of Saint Eanswith, hidden away at the Reformation.
_	However, Searle points out that, in principle, "anything" can be simulated by a computer; thus, bringing the definition to its breaking point leads to the conclusion that any process at all can technically be considered "computation".
_	"We came to the conclusion that single people in America do not want more education about relationships," Warren said.
_	Whether Malik's short story should be considered science fiction or not, majority of readers came to the conclusion that Malik appropriately depicts the terrors that occur in Pakistan, and what life can be like for some of the people who live there.
_	A meta-analysis supports the conclusion that endoscopic carpal tunnel release is favored over the open carpal tunnel release in terms of a reduction in scar tenderness and increase in grip and pinch strength at a 12-week follow-up
_	Soon, Emperor Taizong, who had also come to the conclusion that Li Tai's machinations were responsible for Li Chengqian's downfall, after first revealing his decision only to Zhangsun, Chu, Fang Xuanling, and Li Shiji, created Li Zhi crown prince and exiled Li Tai.
_	This research led them to the conclusion that we do not have any authentic Pauline epistles."
_	There the judges came to the conclusion that Yasui was still a U.S. citizen.
_	However, other studies came to the conclusion that smoking bans have little or no short-term effect on myocardial infarction rates and other diseases.
_	However, the conclusion that Niall is associated with the Y-chromosome SNP M222 has been called into question following further research.
_	The two held a lengthy discussion to arrive at the conclusion that the frog had swallowed a firefly.
_	The parliament came to the conclusion that "Sabaeans" were included in the protected status of People of the Book alongside Christians, Jews and Zoroastrians and specified that, from a legal viewpoint, there is no prohibition against Muslims associating with Mandaeans, who are often regarded as being the Sabaeans mentioned explicitly in the Qur'an.
_	He continued, "In those circumstances we are driven to the conclusion that it cannot be regarded as safe."
_	In the fall of 1988, Epidemic came to the conclusion that they needed a drummer with further advanced double kick skills and Bruce agreed to leave the band.
_	King studied various conspiracy theories, ultimately coming to the conclusion that Oswald acted alone.
_	Phyllis left town shortly thereafter, having come to the conclusion that she brought nothing but trouble to her daughter.
_	"In the course of my investigation I came to the conclusion that October 23 [was] the symbol of the most grievous offenses …
_	He began questioning religion around the age of 14, and came to the conclusion that it was "nonsense".
_	Even after coming to the conclusion that these two matches were fixed, the São Paulo Football Sporting Justice Court decided that the results should be kept.
_	The band came to the conclusion that the saxophone was not as important as the rest of the music was and Scott Mueller was asked to step down as saxophone player.
_	Because of her exploration of its flora and fauna and her scientific experiments with the samples she brings back to her laboratory, she comes to the conclusion that the ecosystem of their world is misunderstood by most of the people who inhabit it.
_	Later, a general assigned by Carranza to assess the realities of a Mexican takeover of their former provinces came to the conclusion that it would not work.
_	This leads to the conclusion that conservation efforts should be aimed even at atypical sites, such as abiotically stressful locales, in order to conserve the full gamut of EcM fungal partners and plant host species.
_	He draws the conclusion that to an observer he and Protagoras would seem as crazy, having argued at great lengths only to mutually exchanged positions with Socrates now believing that virtue can be taught and Protagoras that all virtues are one instead of his initial position (361a).
_	Among the results of this study was the conclusion that the male's teeth are actually a secondary sexual characteristic, similar to the antlers of male deer.
_	By this time, Jiang and the CPC had reached the conclusion that attaining the communist mode of production, as formulated by earlier communists, was more complex than had been realized, and that it was useless to try to force a change in the mode of production, as it had to develop naturally, by following the economic laws of history.
_	In the early 2010s, the United States Army came to the conclusion that UCP did not adequately meet all of the concealment needs for Afghanistan’s multiple regions.
_	Experiments support the conclusion that the "yjdF" RNA in "B. subtilis" is indeed in the 5' UTR of the "yjdF" gene, and that the "yjdF" genes are transcribed separately from the upstream "manPA" operon.
_	The German troops had used their initial supplies, and General Bock quickly came to the conclusion that not only had the Red Army offered stiff opposition, but German difficulties were also due to the logistical problems with reinforcements and provisions.
_	In a veritable litany of irregularities, widely reported in the Indian press, the judge pointed out that the conclusion that Chaturvedi was falsely implicated in the scandal was inescapable.
_	Johan investigates these things and comes to the conclusion that these are merely tricks, used to mislead and frighten people.
_	He came to the conclusion that the Chinese had known the whole truth of the Christian tradition in ancient times and that this truth could be found in the Chinese classics.
_	The sentence in (1) might be spoken by someone who has decided that all of the relevant facts in a particular murder investigation point to the conclusion that Agatha is the killer, even though it may or may not actually be the case.
_	This has led to the conclusion that the true author of the Sefer ha-Chinuch was a different "Aaron ha-levi of Barcelona", who was a student of Shlomo ben Aderet, rather than his colleague.
_	In 1986, James Moore researched Foreign Office records on Ikbal Ali Shah for a paper critical of his son Idries, and claimed to have found that "damaging material on Ikbal abounds throughout FO 371 and FO 395 from 1926 to 1950"; he came to the conclusion that Ikbal Ali Shah had been "charming and personable" but an inveterate teller of tall stories, a condition Moore chose to describe as "Munchhausen's syndrome".
_	Studies refer to the conclusion that it was the place of performance of rituals related to the cult of snake that represented myth ancestor to the Illyrians.
_	In 2015, the singer began planning for a future international career, analyzing the direction of the music industry and coming to the conclusion that the best way to reach a foreign audience would be to enter the Latin market.
_	It was revealed at the conclusion that she was actually allied with Abraxas after her Galactus destroyed Earth even after accepting her as his herald.
_	Clode, Tocko the clockmaker, the Royal Recorder, and the Royal Physician drew to the conclusion that the Princess was in fact a deer in human form.
_	From 9:30 am until noon on 7 March, a meeting of the French cabinet took place to discuss what to do which ended with the conclusion that the French Foreign Minister, Pierre Étienne Flandin should meet the ambassadors of the Locarno powers to discuss their reaction.
_	Ultimately, he reached the conclusion that it wasn't so much a direct expression of thanks as a form of courtesy in which I declare myself to be thankful.
_	Haspelmath and Tadmor drew the conclusion that "rope is the most basic of human tools and tying is the most basic technology".
_	Unfortunately for Bertie, he sees the letter, and egotistically jumps to the conclusion that he is the person referred to.
_	Russian programmer Shpilkin analyzed the results of Medvedev's election and came to the conclusion that the results were falsified by the election committees.
_	and was closed in early 1996 when it came to the conclusion that there was no infringement.
_	The members of X-Force come to the conclusion that only inorganic matter is able to pass through the portal.
_	His three-decades-long meditation on French philosopher Simone Weil's works led to the conclusion that there were fundamental moral and spiritual flaws in Western civilization, consigning it to a fate of inevitable collapse.
_	He came to the conclusion that Robert D'Onston Stephenson was a likely suspect for the murders.
_	They arrived at the conclusion that the Monument-Makers had constructed their creations in an attempt to be lures for the deadly clouds - which came to be called Omega clouds.
_	As a result, the conclusion that a large, previously unnoticed distortionary tax interaction effect existed can be seen as partly due to misinterpretations (Jaeger 2013).
_	Subsequently, a detailed study supports the conclusion that warming is continuing, but it also find there was less warming between 2001 and 2010 than climate models had predicted, and that this slowdown might be attributed to short-term variations in the Pacific decadal oscillation (PDO), which was negative during that period.
_	This supports the conclusion that parents who have smaller families also have children with higher IQs.
_	I have come to the conclusion that, as a matter of law, there are sound reasons for making a limited modification to the existing rule [that Hansard may not be used] unless there are constitutional or practical reasons which outweigh them.
_	Coming to the conclusion that many people didn't know where Port Vale was, Stoke Central and Stoke United were put forward as possible new names.
_	Furthermore, the fact that the UVA is not the speaker under this program supports the conclusion that the UVA student activities funding design does not violate the Establishment Clause, because it is unlikely that the University will be perceived as the speaker.
_	History is a crucial aspect in Veritism, as most of Veritistic theory rests upon the conclusion that truth must be revealed unto humanity by an external means.
_	They came to the conclusion that Angeles David must have agreed to work for them.
_	Hoegh came to the conclusion that the sick crew member must have deliberately jumped from the ship, taking his own life, as the fine weather that day made an accidental fall overboard unlikely.
_	Comparing the timelines of H-bomb development, some researchers came to the conclusion that the Soviets had a gap in access to classified information regarding the H-bomb at least between late 1950 and some time in 1953.
_	Paragraph 386 reads, "After taking all these factors into consideration we have come to the conclusion that it will be in the interests of Andhra as well as Telangana, if for the present, the Telangana area is to constitute into a separate State, which may be known as the Hyderabad State with provision for its unification with Andhra after the general elections likely to be held in or about 1961 if by a two thirds majority the legislature of the residuary Hyderabad State expresses itself in favor of such unification".
_	They come clean to the mistakes that they made and soon come to the conclusion that the hauntings they're experiencing are their hallucinations because of guilt from their past sins, not paranormal beings.
_	Several authorities have come to the conclusion that these manifestations were a result of hysteria in the case of Sister Jeanne and mass hysteria in the case of the other nuns.
_	The leadership of the new state did not take much time, however, to come to the conclusion that religion would not disappear on its own and greater efforts should be given to anti-religious propaganda.
_	The final verdict on the cost of the Athens 2004 Olympic Games, in the words of the Greek Minister of Finance, is that "as a result from the cost-benefit analysis, we reach the conclusion that there has been a net economic benefit from the Olympic Games"
_	Arriving in 1898 via stern wheeler from St. Michael to Dawson City, Mackenzie first tried his luck in mining ventures between Fox and Monte-Cristo Gulches, only to reach the conclusion that far greater riches were to be found in the provision of various services to the miners.
_	They are amused by the unfamiliar concept of a fortune cookie but, after several hilarious attempts at translating the fortunes into Chinese, come to the conclusion that the cookies contain not wisdom but "bad instruction".
_	Measurements of Earth system processes, past and present, have led to the conclusion that the planet has moved well outside the range of natural variability in the last half million years at least.
_	After coming to the conclusion that destroying the relic may have adverse consequences, the trio attempts to relocate the relic's spirits.
_	But, the Lords in "Bolitho v City and Hackney Health Authority" (1997) 4 AER 771 held that it will very seldom be right for a judge to reach the conclusion that views genuinely held by a competent medical expert are unreasonable.
_	His party incorrectly came to the conclusion that it was Christian in origin.
_	Consultation with Earl Spencer led to the conclusion that government support would be needed, and Petrie was asked to draw up a plan.
_	When corrupt "Daily Mirror" chief editor Sidney Glass (Giancarlo Esposito), who's actually the Magic Mirror, confesses to having abducted Kathryn in order to jump-start his career, Emma is not convinced and comes to the conclusion that Regina orchestrated the conspiracy and forced Sidney to "confess".
_	As his father was at this time commander-in-chief in the Downs, and was a few months later appointed commander-in-chief in the West Indies, and thus had it in his power to advance him in the navy, it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that there was some breach between the two.
_	Research during the first few years at BLEU led to the conclusion that a promising approach to blind landing would be a fully automatic system, and to the definition of the requirements for such a system, later designated "Autoland".
_	Just before the opening of the haftarah, in the captain on whom the king leaned jumps to the conclusion that Elisha's prophecy could not come true, and the captain meets his punishment in and 19.
_	The mediaeval name goes back to the Old High German "cuning" (meaning the same as and cognate with the English word “king”; it is "König" in Modern High German), which has led to the conclusion that the Königsau-Kellenbach area was once a royal or Imperial estate.
_	In addition, the decoration of the funerary chambers seems to have been abandoned abruptly, which further supports the conclusion that the structure was built in a hurry.
_	"The Indians probably came to the conclusion that if they remained long enough, charged often enough and got close enough, all of them would be killed, as they were unable to dislodge us from the buildings."
_	Freud came to the conclusion that dreams were a form of wish fulfillment.
_	In addition, some of his stories set up a rivalry between a collective and a competitive economy in order to assess their respective merits, sometimes coming to the conclusion that they cannot be compared except for their imperialistic aims, as in the novella "Adaptation," while at other times both systems are revealed to be equally decadent and stagnant, as in the Joe Mauser story "Frigid Fracas."
_	Henri Tajfel conducted multiple experiments that returned the conclusion that people's "...actions are unambiguously directed at favouring the members of their ingroup as against the members of the outgroup (Tajfel, 1971).
_	In passage after passage the writer of the Scroll reveals a familiarity with countless aspects of temple sacrificial offerings, leading one to the conclusion that he had either actually been present (and perhaps an active participant in) sacrifices in the Second Temple, or at the very least had a very thorough awareness of both written (Pentateuch/Torah) and oral sources of information regarding Jewish sacrificial practice.
_	The Gawker writer came to the conclusion that it was not Obama.
_	Historical opinion has generally been divided, with some historians drawing the conclusion that he was unfit for his office, while others regard him as a shrewd political operator, who subtly navigated the complex European State System of the 18th century.
_	They come to the conclusion that the only way to defeat the Sons of the Harpy is to hunt them down.
_	Davies continues his discussion of alien technology, and comes to the conclusion that extraterrestrial intelligence might not be interested in the physical world at all and would instead take on the form of a quantum computer.
_	This information may lead consumers to the conclusion that the report's publisher is more trustworthy.
_	He comes to the conclusion that he is not of the Klingon or human world, but he has his Federation rank, and Kurn has nothing at all.
_	Haag's original proof was subsequently generalized by a number of authors, notably Hall and Wightman, who reached the conclusion that a single, universal Hilbert space representation does not suffice for describing both free and interacting fields.
_	They came to the conclusion that "everything had to be 'over the top this time around so as to distinguish "Saints Row: The Third" from other open world titles and to make the franchise into a AAA title.
_	Since P(H|D) is a probability, the sum over all possible (mutually exclusive) hypotheses should be 1, leading to the conclusion that
_	Shepherd’s noted clinical study on the symptom of morbid jealousy early in his career led him to the conclusion that a medical opinion is of most value when the inter-personal and social aspects of a case are as closely understood as the narrower issue of diagnosis.
_	The results of this experiment culminated with the conclusion that the use of the English language to refer to objects is not unique to humans and is arguably true imitation, a basic form of cultural learning found in young children.
_	Rommel had come to the conclusion that his troops could not maintain the siege due to being overstretched, and decided to withdraw all of the troops he could to the east of Tobruk.
_	This is based on the conclusion that there is a lot of knowledge already in what factors affect getting cancer, but much less about the factors that make patients live more or less well with the disease.
_	Al-Rantissi stated that Hamas had come to the conclusion that it was "difficult to liberate all our land at this stage, so we accept a phased liberation."
_	The proposition itself is sound if the facts justify the conclusion that the court of the district was without authority in the matter.
_	Odo quickly comes to the conclusion that he was somehow infected by the Changelings in order to force him into returning to the Great Link.
_	When deciding the album's musical direction, Reznor came to the conclusion that it should appeal to fans of Lynch who hate pop music; at the same time, he wanted it to "have some degree of accessibility for the 13-, 14-year-old kid who buys it because I have a new song on it; or for the Smashing Pumpkins fan who buys it for that."
_	The parallel orientation of the "Eubrontes giganteus" trackways and the supposed lack of a physical barrier led Ostrom to the conclusion that the large animals were gregarious and traveled in a "herd, pack, or flock."
_	The evidence collected during this investigation strongly supports the conclusion that this accident was caused by N600XL and GOL1907 following ATC clearances which directed them to operate in opposite directions on the same airway at the same altitude resulting in a midair collision.
_	Harold realizes the IRA have come to the conclusion that he sold them out to the security forces and pocketed the stolen money for himself.
_	In a research paper, a 50Ah lithium-ion battery tested was found to give about the same capacity at 5A and 50A; this was attributed to possible Peukert loss in capacity being countered by the increase in capacity due to the 30◦C temperature rise due to self-heating, with the conclusion that the Peukert equation is not applicable.
_	As a result of phonetical studies and comparisons based on the inscriptions on bronze and the structure of the characters, Wang Guowei came to the conclusion that the tribal names in the annalistic sources "Guifang, Xunyu, Xianyu, Xianyun, Jung, Di", and "Hu" designated one and the same people, who later entered history under the name "Xiongnu".
_	Analysis of the previous attempts to capture the fort led Yitzhak Sadeh to the conclusion that all seven previous attempts failed because the attacking forces did not initially try to paralyze enemy fire and destroy its sources, evidently due to the lack of the necessary means to do so in the Givati and Negev brigades.
_	An internal investigation by the Division of Parks and Wildlife came to the conclusion that the right bear had been shot.
_	It led to the conclusion that natal astrology performed no better than chance.
_	Rodkey argued that an analysis under "Quanta Computer" leads to the conclusion that patent rights covering self-replicating seeds are exhausted on the first authorized sale, including subsequent generations, and that seed companies can only exclude subsequent replantings with carefully written license restrictions.
_	Meiners studied the anatomy of the Negro and came to the conclusion that the Negro have bigger teeth and jaws than any other race, as the Negro are all carnivores.
_	The deputy head of the U.S. embassy in London, Frank LeBaron, wrote in a letter to the Scottish first minister Alex Salmond that the U.S. believed al-Megrahi should remain in prison for his role in downing Pan Am flight 103 in 1988, and continued: "Nevertheless, if Scottish authorities come to the conclusion that Megrahi must be released from Scottish custody, the U.S. position is that conditional release on compassionate grounds would be a far preferable alternative to prisoner transfer, which we strongly oppose."
_	An examination of the type specimen of "S. speluncae" (Ménétriés, 1835) resulted in the conclusion that this name belonged to a relatively pale population from the Espinhaço Mountains that had been included within "S. novacapitalis" (vocally, this population is closer to "S. pachecoi").
_	Although the possibility of two species in the Espinhaço Mountains was not questioned in an article published the following year, the conclusion that the name "S. speluncae" belonged to the species of the Serra do Mar was; mainly on the basis that no direct comparison of the type specimen of "S. speluncae" had been made in 2007 (unlike in the article from 2006).
_	He reached the conclusion that:
_	Dr. Smith secretly investigates their disappearance and comes to the conclusion that not only were the two murdered, but that they were murdered by Dr. Mitchell, after which he hid their bodies in the spacecraft's fuel tanks.
_	Congress sources said that the Government decided to release him and his supporters after coming to the conclusion that keeping him in jail would disrupt law and order unnecessarily.
_	While on the train to work an hour later, she began to hallucinate, had to be helped out of the station and was eventually taken to hospital, where doctors came to the conclusion that she had somehow been exposed to the poisonous "Atropa belladonna".
_	Dreadnought was equipped with an exceptionally sophisticated artificial intelligence, capable of "paranoia" to a certain degree, as when reprogrammer B'Elanna Torres attempted to prevent it from destroying the innocent planet, it came to the conclusion that she had been captured by her Cardassian enemies and forced to make up a story to prevent the attack; it then "pretended" to follow her commands and shut down, only to re-activate and continue its mission once she was no longer aboard.
_	This volume also contains the complete solution of the problem of a string vibrating transversely; in this paper he points out a lack of generality in the solutions previously given by Brook Taylor, D'Alembert, and Euler, and arrives at the conclusion that the form of the curve at any time "t" is given by the equation formula_1.
_	Bedau notes that weak emergence is not a universal metaphysical solvent, as weak emergence leads to the conclusion that matter itself contains elements of awareness to it.
_	In response to the 2011 PNAS study on flies, Vosshall acknowledged that flies could smell isotopes but called the conclusion that smell was based on vibrations an "overinterpretation" and expressed skepticism about using flies to test a mechanism originally ascribed to human receptors.
_	When Jack sees this, he comes to the conclusion that this was just a mere finger of a greater evil that was about to come.
_	In 1915, Senator Atlee Pomerene of Ohio, Chairman of the sub-committee examining President Wilson's plan, came to the conclusion that an amendment to the Constitution was needed before such a national primary could occur.
_	One study came to the conclusion that 17% of adolescents with "anterior knee pain" (a common but benign self-limiting condition) report that their pain is associated with cold weather.
_	Ligeti wrote that “[a]fter hearing the work twice [in 1986], I came to the conclusion that the third movement is not an adequate finale; my feeling of form demanded continuation, a supplement.”
_	They came to the conclusion that a more practical approach was needed.
_	Meanwhile, also the Wynental came to the conclusion that a narrow-gauge electric tram would be more economic.
_	After throwing out a bill which proposed to raise the necessary funds by fees from a general system of parochial registration, they came to the conclusion that the indiscriminate admission should be discontinued.
_	Certain biblical texts have led some theologians to the conclusion that punishment in Hell, though eternal and irrevocable, will be proportional to the deeds of each soul (e.g. , ).
_	Awake, Data comes to the conclusion that Dr. Soong pre-programmed the ability to dream in anticipation of activating it himself.
_	On the whole, it seems hard to escape from the conclusion that Robert Baston's biographers have made him present in Scotland on two occasions instead of one, and have confounded the siege of Stirling under Edward I with the siege of the same castle that, under Edward II, resulted in the battle of Bannockburn.
_	He comes to the conclusion that Priya was made to look like she was a paranoid schizophrenic by the psychological drugs that were in her system.
_	In October 2016, a paper published in the science journal "Nature" presented the conclusion that the maximum human lifespan is an average age of 115, with an absolute upper limit of 125 years.
_	Following the Remilitarization of the Rhineland, Czechoslovak authorities came to the conclusion that any future war would most probably take place by a sudden attack without formal declaration of war.
_	This has led some experts to the conclusion that the law has actually resulted in increased rates of injury among Melbourne's cyclists.
_	Plunkett comes to the conclusion that his own goal should become "invisibility" in the sense that he can move through life as nondescript as possible.
_	Other scholars point out that such a travelling folktale might become, in its various forms, more or less coherent; the assertion that one version is more coherent than the other does not compel the conclusion that the first is more original.
_	Abrahams reached the conclusion that the only solution was to end the status of resident native, leaving him free to quit the estate or to stay there on terms satisfactory both to himself and the landlord, substituting contractual rights for statutory ones.
_	Druzane comes to the conclusion that Bovo has fallen prey to a lion, sets off on her own with the twins, and successfully reaches Flanders.
_	Buxton had studied the latest soaring techniques and came to the conclusion that competitive aircraft would need to fly efficiently at higher speeds and not sacrifice glide performance for climb performance.
_	Versmann came to the conclusion that any alteration of the existing state of affairs would severely impair the competitiveness of Hamburg.
_	Randy, who knows nothing about the topic but is desperate to appear politically correct, comes to the conclusion that Asians are allowed to decide who is actually gay or not.
_	Becoming disillusioned with long-term psychodynamic approaches based on gaining insight into unconscious emotions and drives, Beck came to the conclusion that the way in which his patients perceived, interpreted and attributed meaning in their daily lives—a process scientifically known as cognition—was a key to therapy.
_	Suckling comes to the conclusion that the high quality and success of Cuban tobacco can be attributed largely to the industriousness of the Cuban people and to their culture.
_	The petty clerk Nevyrazimov, sitting in his office on the Easter Eve in the company of a cockroach scurrying the table, muses upon what he might do to make it in the world (steal big money or perhaps report on somebody to the secret police) but comes to the conclusion that such deeds would be beyond his abilities.
_	Criticism has also been levelled against the police for potentially hampering their own investigation by prematurely jumping to the conclusion that all three murders had been committed by the same person.
_	The State's witnesses conceded that Panetti was mentally ill, although they resisted the conclusion that Panetti was not competent to be executed.
_	And Bill Porter comes to the conclusion that he is not able to resist the existing order but that someday another one will come.
_	The final report of the TRC stated that the Commission was unable to verify the allegations implicating Winnie Mandela in the murder of Asvat, and criticised the police for too quickly jumping to the conclusion that the motive for the murder was robbery, and for not investigating the apparent connection between Cebekhulu and Dlamini's accounts of the killings, and it referred to Mbatha and Dlamini's (the murderers) testimonies as not being credible.
_	Statistical mechanics postulates that, in equilibrium, each microstate that the system might be in is equally likely to occur, and when this assumption is made, it leads directly to the conclusion that the second law must hold in a statistical sense.
_	A study conducted earlier that year by an international group commissioned by the U.S. State Department came to the conclusion that North Korea was "increasingly anxious" to keep the flow of information at bay, but had little ability to control it, as there was "substantial demand" for movies and television programs from the South as well as many "intensely entrepreneurial" smugglers from the Chinese side of the border willing to fulfill the demand.
_	However, the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) reviewed the safety question in 2006 and reached the conclusion that there was not sufficient evidence to set a UL for vitamin C. The Japan National Institute of Health and Nutrition reviewed the same question in 2010 and also reached the conclusion that there was not sufficient evidence to set a UL.
_	The extremely fast rise of the photoreceptor current after a brief light flash led to the conclusion that the rhodopsin and the channel are intimately linked in a protein complex, or even within one single protein.
_	The investigators came to the conclusion that Randy Roth wanted a much more lavish lifestyle than he could afford on a mechanic's income, with expensive homes, multiple cars, and various other expensive toys for himself and his son.
_	This leads to the conclusion that
_	In 1980 V. V. Lebedev investigated the Firkovich collection and came to the conclusion that forgery cannot be attributed to Firkovich, but rather it was done by the previous owners, in an attempt to increase the price of the manuscripts.
_	Aravena recalled that Kellestine would smile and say "mm-mm good" before eating excrement, which led him to the conclusion that Kellestine was a "little bit of a weirdo".
_	His residence near the old Indian River Inlet supports the conclusion that the area of the original Indian River Colony, Susannah, near Fort Pierce, was Brevard's early county seat.
_	As a result, the band has discussed at length and has come to the conclusion that as a group we will not likely be able to muster the dignity to attempt a live performance as 'Screeching Weasel' in the foreseeable future."
_	Roland Gardiner seeks refuge in the little grocery store, and after Peggy takes advantage and provides some provisions at outrageously inflated prices, comes to the conclusion that she is the right girl for his son after all.
_	Stephen Ambrose, a historian Eisenhower had enlisted in his efforts to preserve his legacy and counteract criticisms of his presidency, and seven other historians examined the book soon after its publication, and came to the conclusion that it was inaccurate and the product of conspiracy theory.
_	Further analysis with more extensive data led to the conclusion that the find had been erroneous.
_	Don was still worried about continuing his school studies and the streets but he came to the conclusion that rap was going to be his way to a better life.
_	She came to the conclusion that certain positions and gestures can mean one thing but when you put them in a different context, they can mean something totally different.
_	Although it is permissible to identify "haumai" with "ahankar", the fact that "haumai" is not included in the evil pentad and yet comes in for the strongest censure in the Scripture would lead to the conclusion that it is regarded as a major evil in addition to those forming the pentad.
_	A study conducted in 2011 led to the conclusion that environmental enrichment vastly improves the cognitive ability of children with autism.
_	Rather than drawing Jack to the conclusion that they cannot both be Christ, it causes him an apparent breakdown and he seemingly returns to his true identity as Jack Gurney.
_	Genetic analyses support the conclusion that the two forms are the same species, with "B. edwardsii" as a synonym.
_	Thus the heart shaped object would be a pear; the conclusion that a pear represents a heart is dubious.
_	The saga has been interpreted as the story of a man who arrives at the conclusion that the true basis of power does not lie in the favor of the gods but in the loyalty of one's subordinates.
_	... and that must lead us to the conclusion that every person born in the United States is a natural-born citizen of such States, except it may be that children born on our soil to temporary sojourners or representatives of foreign Governments, are native-born citizens of the United States.
_	According to the Warren Commission, Brennan's description of a sniper he saw was probative in reaching the conclusion that the shots came from the sixth floor, southeast corner window of the Texas School Book Depository Building.
_	Thus, it could be inferred that these results strongly support the conclusion that female mate choice yields genetic benefits for offspring as eye span acts as a truthful indicator of male fitness.
_	Most modern historians have come to the conclusion that this was only required if the "epikleros" had not yet had a son that could inherit the grandfather's estate.
_	He issued a statement saying, "After months of looking at Bernie’s record and studying his positions on healthcare, Wall Street, predatory lending and the minimum wage, I came to the conclusion that Bernie’s position on the issues that affect my constituents in Georgia the most conform most closely to my positions."
_	A United Nations report from February 2017 came to the conclusion that, while during the siege of Eastern Aleppo the attacks against Sheikh Maqsoud decreased.
_	He entered on a detailed examination of the causes which might affect prices, and claimed to establish the conclusion that the variations, both during the period of restriction and after the resumption, were due to circumstances directly connected with the commodities themselves, and not to alterations in the quantity of money.
_	The prince goes on to say that the professionalism and integrity of Arroub, might have made the man come to the conclusion that the future of the country was better without the monarchy.
_	These studies led to the conclusion that the coping strategies that are likely among nostalgia prone people often lead to benefits during stressful times.
_	Five of the seven animals were seen "weeping", leading to the conclusion that the story describes a real phenomenon.
_	Synthesis of the artifacts discovered at Ferris has led to the conclusion that it was occupied during the Early Archaic period.
_	A later examination of the bones came to the conclusion that "Astur alphonsi" is actually identical with "Circus maillardi", which formerly occurred on Mauritius too but is now extirpated.
_	Much of this had to do with the intellectual appeal of social Darwinism, since it led to the conclusion that an old-fashioned Muslim society could not compete in the modern world.
_	This leads to the conclusion that we, as Christians, must welcome all children of God – who all fall short of God's ideal – into our churches with love."
_	Briefly, he came to the conclusion that we could come to know an external world through experience, but that what we could know about it was limited by the limited terms in which the mind can think: if we can only comprehend things in terms of cause and effect, then we can only know causes and effects.
_	Because of this complexity, the presence of pain in non-human animals cannot be determined unambiguously using observational methods, but the conclusion that animals experience pain is often inferred on the basis of likely presence of phenomenal consciousness which is deduced from comparative brain physiology as well as physical and behavioural reactions.
_	Bülow was coming to the conclusion that Germany could not afford both the largest army and second-largest navy in Europe.
_	Here one can come to the conclusion that the Kura–Araxes culture developed gradually through a synthesis of several cultural traditions, including the ancient cultures of the Caucasus and nearby territories.
_	At approximately 5:35 p.m., after coming to the conclusion that the power couldn't be restored before sunset, Vincent ordered the game to be postponed.
_	Godan drew the conclusion that Sakya Pandita was an important and wise lama who could show the road to salvation, and ordered to send a letter of "invitation" and presents to him.
_	The petition, which was approved unanimously by all political parties, presents the conclusion that Barros Basto’s dismissal from the army was a matter of political and religious segregation on account of being Jewish.
_	Both Gramsci and Marcuse came to the conclusion that the ideological underpinnings and the 'superstructure' of society was vitally important in the understanding of class control (and acquiescence).
_	The Democrats published a minority report dissenting with most of the conclusions of the final report, stating the evidence "does not support the conclusion that the China plan was aimed at, or affected, the 1996 presidential election."
_	Cluff had reached the conclusion that the paper "would be best secured in the hands of a publishing group", and sold it to an Australian company, John Fairfax Ltd, who promptly paid off the overdraft.
_	It was during this time, after Gurdjieff founded his Institute for the Harmonious Development of Man in France, that Ouspensky came to the conclusion that he was no longer able to understand his former teacher and made a decision to discontinue association with him, setting up his own organisation, The Society for the Study of Normal Psychology, which is now known as The Study Society.
_	His theory of black inferiority was also applied to all people of color, which led him to the conclusion that Confucius and other Ancient Chinese figures had in fact been white.
_	The watermark studies of Alan Tyson yielded among other results the conclusion that Mozart would sometimes leave a work only partially complete (in sketch form) for a number of years, then finish it when an opportunity for performance arose.
_	In a play of power, Drake sends Stryke after Razor, who in the following battle comes to the conclusion that Razor is her sister.
_	According to attendee Wilford Woodruff, "President Taylor with the rest of us came to the conclusion that we could not swap off the Kingdom of God or any of its Laws or Principles for a state government."
_	They accept the possibility of motion and apply modus tollens (contrapositive) to Zeno's argument to reach the conclusion that either motion is not a supertask or not all supertasks are impossible.
_	He incorrectly came to the conclusion that Mark Snow was "the man in the suit".
_	Modern reconstructions have led to the conclusion that the artefacts were arranged closely around the body.
_	North added that "the presence of 45 SAS troops, armed and in combat fatigues, is likely to have led the rescuees to the conclusion that they were bound to do as they were told."
_	Hassan supports abortion rights and access to contraceptives for Muslim women, saying that the Qur'an does not directly address contraceptives, but that Islam's religious and ethical framework leads to the conclusion that family planning should be a fundamental right.
_	A study of the vascular tissue of the two by David S. Edwards in 1986 lead to the conclusion that the cell structure of "R. major" lacked secondary thickening bars seen in the xylem of "R. gwynne-vaughanii", and was more like the water-conducting system (hydrome) of moss sporophytes.
_	It directed an intensive research effort, and in July 1941, produced two comprehensive reports that reached the conclusion that an atomic bomb was not only technically feasible, but could be produced before the war ended, perhaps in as little as two years.
_	On June 21, 2012, Bryson resigned because, "the work that [Commerce employees] do to help America’s entrepreneurs and businesses build our economy and create jobs is more important now than ever and I have come to the conclusion that I need to step down to prevent distractions from this critical mission."
_	They come to the conclusion that Principal may be trying to help, but they get distracted after looking through the computer and end up at a store just as the boys did earlier.
_	R.C. Hazra in his "Studies in the Upapuranas" came to the conclusion that the original text was written in the later part of the 5th century, though several portions of it were added much later.
_	At the same time, it is hard to avoid the conclusion that Carter's was a mediocre presidency and that this was largely his own doing.
_	The American historian Gerhard Weinberg wrote that this was a major error on the part on Beneš as the Sudeten Nazi leader Konrad Henlein was secretly working for Berlin and had orders to negotiate in bad faith for his demand for autonomy for the Sudetenland as the last thing that Adolf Hitler wanted were constitutional changes to Czechoslovakia which might stabilize that country, and as Beneš by refusing to negotiate at all with Henlein allowed the latter to portray himself as a "moderate", which led British officials to the conclusion that Beneš was the difficult one.
_	In May 2015 "Novaya Gazeta" published a report by "a group of Russian military engineers" that came to the conclusion that the airplane was shot down by a Buk-M1 launcher with 9M38M1 missile.
_	Byzantine historians do not mention any resistance against the Bulgarian expansion in Macedonia, leading to the conclusion that the expansion was largely peaceful.
_	He comes to the conclusion that she needs to turn.
_	His study of the Daniel 8 prophecy during the Second Great Awakening led him to the conclusion that Daniel's "cleansing of the sanctuary" was cleansing of the world from sin when Christ would come, and he and many others prepared, but October 22, 1844, came and they were disappointed.
_	Stephen soon came to the conclusion that the mineral water flowing from the springs had healing properties.
_	Philo argues that even if the universe is indeed designed, it is unreasonable to justify the conclusion that the designer must be an omnipotent, omniscient, benevolent God – the God of classical theism.
_	Although the Millerites originally thought that 1844 represented the end of the world, those who later became Seventh-day Adventist reached the conclusion that 1844 marked the beginning of a divine pre-advent judgment called "the cleansing of the sanctuary".
_	At their engagement party, Alice sees a friend hook up with a server and comes to the conclusion that she would like to try more sexual partners before she settles down for the rest of her life.
_	Upon such facts and in view of the revenue laws of the state, it seems difficult to avoid the conclusion that in respect of county taxation of national bank shares, there has been and is such a discrimination in favor of other moneyed capital against capital invested in such shares as is not consistent with the legislation of Congress.
_	Pitt-Rivers' work on the hill forts of Sussex led him to the conclusion that most hill forts were built in the Iron Age, and it paved the way for future work on hill forts.
_	Nueno and Quelch (1998) came to the conclusion that: design and communications, product line, customer service and channel management are the four keys of managing luxury brands successfully.
_	Confronting the question of how to address political killings during the mid-1980s, various civil society groups came to the conclusion that criminal investigation techniques were an obvious starting place.
_	Problems soon began to emerge when Rebergen came to the conclusion that he would be unable to perform and record for Scantraxx while simultaneously completing his course at the Rock Academy.
_	He subsequently reached the conclusion that any effective political endeavour must be public, and that it must begin from the end of the "independence era".
_	The surface sample was found to be an anorthosite–troctolite rock, rarely found on Earth, but present in the lunar highlands, leading to the conclusion that the area was probably the oldest explored by any Venera vehicle.
_	An ambitious young detective from Scotland Yard is also on the trail of the forgery ring, and mistakenly comes to the conclusion that Jim Kent is still working as a master counterfeiter.
_	Drake and Amanda, having come to the conclusion that their enemy is now extraterrestrial in origin, and that the kidnapping aliens are part of a third force unrelated to Tyrell's faction, investigate further, finally getting Tyrell to tell his story.
_	In October 1998 the borehole reconstruction published by Pollack, Huang and Shen gave independent support to the conclusion that 20th century warmth was exceptional for the past 500 years.
_	The Bench relied upon section 19(5) and 19(6) of the Copyright Act and came to the conclusion that:
_	He continued blockading Oricum, but came to the conclusion that, if he could close off Brundisium from the sea, he could cut Caesar off from reinforcements, and could redeploy the fleet elsewhere.
_	Claypon took over Christie's assets, and quickly came to the conclusion that shipping lime, coal, iron ore and quicklime south to the larger industrial premises in the southern Swansea Valley was more productive than trying to serve a small rural population of the Usk valley to the north.
_	Within research on prevention of pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases a systematic review from 2003 comes to the conclusion that "no strong conclusions" can be drawn about the effectiveness of interventions based on the transtheoretical model.
_	The Schiedammerpark murder case, as well as the similarly overturned case of the Putten murder, led to the installation of the "Posthumus I committee", which analyzed what had gone wrong in the Schiedammerpark Murder case, and came to the conclusion that confirmation bias led the police to ignore and misinterpret scientific evidence (DNA).
_	Soon after contacting her, Brown came to the conclusion that her account of the events of Hendrix's final days "would change from one call to the next."
_	A joint commission of scientists from Great Britain and the United States further considered the problem, and came to the conclusion that the pelagic sealing needed to be curtailed.
_	To counter Billy Mitchell's campaign to establish a separate Department of Aeronautics, Secretary of the Navy Josephus Daniels ordered a rigged test against in 1920 which reached the conclusion that "the entire experiment pointed to the improbability of a modern battleship being either destroyed or completely put out of action by aerial bombs."
_	In 1920, Charles W. Gilmore came to the conclusion that the tail vertebra named "Antrodemus" by Leidy was indistinguishable from those of "Allosaurus", and that "Antrodemus" should be the preferred name because, as the older name, it had priority.
_	The Danish Helsinki Committee, observing the trial, came to the conclusion that it was politically motivated and included gross violations of the European Convention on Human Rights.
_	Hyder, after listening to the cop, comes to the conclusion that he is suffering from dissociative identity disorder and confesses to all the murders and also describes to the cop how he killed one of Shamer's friends using a ritualistic killing method.
_	Having kissed Vlasta, Nani gets to the conclusion that his relationship with Zdenko is just a consequence of the unnatural boarding-school environment.
_	However, he ultimately came to the conclusion that there wasn't "an original moment in the entire movie, and the score is so repetitive that it could have been downloaded directly from "EnnioMorricone.com"."
_	Rabbi Josh Yuter, an orthodox New York rabbi who was acknowledged by the National Jewish Outreach Program as one of the Top Ten Jewish Influencers in social media, published a response to the ceremony in his blog, coming to the conclusion that "the formal recognition of a homosexual marriage – male or female – would, in fact, be condoning a halakhicaly prohibited union, regardless of the private behaviors of the individuals.
_	Lenkiewicz came to the conclusion that the kinds of sensations people felt when a lover abandoned them or when their cherished beliefs were threatened were identical in kind to the 'withdrawal symptoms' and anxieties experienced by addicts or alcoholics over their preferred narcotic.
_	A writer from the journal "Nature" wrote in 1910, "The true interpretation of these alleged occurrences appears to be simply this – a frog or toad is hopping about while a stone is being broken, and the non-scientific observer immediately rushes to the conclusion that he has seen the creature dropping out of the stone itself.
_	However they put forward the conclusion that he knew what was going on.
_	This fact, supposing it to be one, if affording evidence sufficiently convincing to some persons, can only be considered as authority with respect to the Yoosoofzyes ; but it does not follow, therefore, that other Afghan tribes are branches from the same stem ; on the contrary, everything leads to the conclusion that, although they all speak a common language, the Pushtoo, the tribes are not all of the same origin - they are distinguished by marked characteristics, moral as well as physical."
_	In January 2011, liberal Jewish congressman Rep. Gary Ackerman, D-N.Y., cut ties with J Street over J Street's recommendation to the Obama administration not to veto a proposed U.N. resolution condemning Israel, saying "I've come to the conclusion that J Street is not an organization with which I wish to be associated."
_	Also experts came to the conclusion that materials harm the mental health of children, adolescents, and young people.
_	A neuropsychological examination revealed atypical lateralisation of cognitive functions, leading to the conclusion that the giving of approximate answers might be related to frontal-executive cerebral dysfunction.
_	Several ways of implementing Wheeler's basic idea have been made into real experiments and they support the conclusion that Wheeler anticipated — that what is done at the exit port of the experimental device before the photon is detected will determine whether it displays interference phenomena or not.
_	Writing for a 7-2 majority, Justice O'Connor ruled that "the dual sovereignty doctrine . . . compels the conclusion that successive prosecutions by two States for the same conduct are not barred by the Double Jeopardy Clause."
_	The Mexican government, led by Guadalupe Victoria, came to the conclusion that Spain, by its refusal to recognize the treaties, still posed a threat, and could use Cuba as a platform to launch a campaign to recover Mexico.
_	Fraiman argued that British imperialist discourse tended to depict the British empire as masculine and the colonies as feminine, which led to the conclusion that Said had merely inverted this discourse by making Austen a representative of the British empire while lionizing various male anti-colonial writers from Britain's colonies.
_	On the 12th, the investigators came to the conclusion that there had been a number of rules broken concerning the terrace.
_	The exact date in which the city received its market rights is ambiguous, but it was probably between 1180 and 1191; maps showing the trading road from Stockach to Buchhorn show the city of Überlingen in comparable size and type; by 1226 Überlingen had a Jewish cemetery, and these clues lead to the conclusion that the city had a market for a much longer period than this, thus the supposition that the Emperor Barbarossa had established the market at the end of his own regime.
_	Study 1 and study 3 came to the conclusion that the nation's new cultural identity draws parallels with western societies while creating "strong symbolic boundaries between Croatia and its Eastern neighbors" (Rivera).
_	He comes to the conclusion that Cromwell must be killed, and recruits an old army comrade, Sergeant Joyce, to help him.
_	However, a reevaluation of the spine from a skeleton of "Oreopithecus" has led to the conclusion that it lacked adaptations for habitual bipedality
_	"I am persuaded that the intervening developments in the law compel the conclusion that the Court has reached", Stevens began.
_	Berlioz came to the conclusion that Gluck was under so much pressure that he let it happen.
_	The writer tests alternative narratives "like clothes", and comes to the conclusion that none of the tested scenarios leads to an entirely "fair" outcome.
_	Von Reuter came to the conclusion that the British intended to seize the German ships after the Armistice expired.
_	In his 2010 "Bad Students, Not Bad Schools," he summarizes the extensive psychometric literature indicating that Hispanic and black populations have lower average IQs than white and East Asian populations, and notes that this literature supports the conclusion that such differences are at least in part genetically determined.
_	After discussions the twenty men agreed that they should not have been the next POWs released as they estimated it should have taken another week and a half for most of their discharges and came to the conclusion that their early release would likely be used for North Vietnamese propaganda.
_	Chon comes to the conclusion that whoever tells of Dararai's disappearance is killed and tries to stop the killings, but is always too late.
_	Meta-analyses in 2012 and 2013 come to the conclusion that there is support or evidence for the efficacy of psychoanalytic therapy, thus further research is needed.
_	He arrived at the conclusion that the optimal theory of justice is the one to which people would agree from behind a veil of ignorance, not knowing their social positions.
_	In it, "Spatially resolved global reconstructions of annual surface temperature patterns" were related to "changes in greenhouse-gas concentrations, solar irradiance, and volcanic aerosols" leading to the conclusion that "each of these factors has contributed to the climate variability of the past 400 years, with greenhouse gases emerging as the dominant forcing during the twentieth century.
_	However, in animals with hemochorial placental structures such as rodents and primates, the vascular resistance in the placenta was low, leading scientists to the conclusion that the greatest resistance to maternal blood flow is found elsewhere in the maternal vascular system.
_	He studied over 40 military and political research books on the subject and eventually reached the conclusion that "nobody really knew anything and the whole situation was absurd".
_	He comes to the conclusion that Sabine is a figment of his imagination, created from his own loneliness.
_	Kant in the "Critique of Pure Reason" came to the conclusion that space (in Euclidean geometry) and time are not discovered by humans as objective features of the world, but are part of an unavoidable systematic framework for organizing our experiences.
_	In the 1960s, for example, numbers of Jews, after significant study, came to the conclusion that Jesus was indeed the long awaited Messiah.
_	Wang Guowei (1877–1927), as a result of phonetical studies and comparisons based on the inscriptions on bronze and the structure of the characters, came to the conclusion that the tribal names "Guifang" (鬼方), "Xunyu" (獯鬻), "Xianyu" (鮮虞), Xianyun, "Rong" (戎), "Di" (狄), and "Hu" (胡) given in the annals designated one and the same people, who later entered history under the name Xiongnu.
_	Finally, the FWC scientists compared the genetic composition of the Choctaw bass against all other known species of black bass and came to the conclusion that they in fact had a new species.
_	The CID officer makes an in-depth study into the case and finally comes to the conclusion that it is Gowri, who is behind these murders.
_	Such activities caused Gavin Knight, in "New Statesman", to draw the conclusion that "Nashi’s true function was as a personality cult for Putin whose job was intimidate, bully and harass his opponents."
_	While each increment was desirable and viable in itself, and there was no particular cost advantage to either route, overriding and operational factors led to the conclusion that the Franklin Street Subway was to be the first increment of the Chicago Central Area Transit Project to be constructed, and the CUTD had adopted that course.
_	● Economics professor Richard Gilbert envisions the possibility that a coordination of enforcement and veto power in licensing among or between patentees might support the conclusion that "the benefits from coordination could outweigh the risks to competition."
_	"As we did not do this, it comes to the conclusion that we are partisans of Lin Piao and 'the gang of four'.
_	A version of the MBH99 graph was featured prominently in the 2001 IPCC Third Assessment Report (TAR), which also drew on Jones et al. 1998 and three other reconstructions to support the conclusion that, in the Northern Hemisphere, the 1990s was likely to have been the warmest decade and 1998 the warmest year during the past 1,000 years.
_	However, in 1997 televoting was trialled for the first time in Eurovision in five of the participating countries, and it was noted that 16 of the 18 points awarded to Iceland came from three of the televoting countries – Austria, Sweden and the United Kingdom – leading to the conclusion that the song could have done much better, had it taken part in a later year when televoting was in full swing.
_	In May 2011, a University of Bayreuth commission tasked with investigating Guttenberg's dissertation came to the conclusion that Guttenberg had engaged in intentional deception in the writing of his dissertation, and had violated standards of good academic practice.
_	After a detailed account of the various theories about the soul which had prevailed, he comes to the conclusion that the first germ of the soul, common to the whole human race, has its origin with and in the body.
_	This finding lead the conclusion that hydrogen bonding played a key role in selectivity and the following model was proposed.
_	As people come to the conclusion that something like a day is missing they are still reluctant to use a year which doesn't contain a whole number of weeks.
_	The committee came to the conclusion that, to deter future violent incidents against Israel, they needed to assassinate those who had supported or carried out the Munich massacre, and in dramatic fashion.
_	Drawn from this is the conclusion that Borgholz had never spread beyond its original town walls.
_	They came to the conclusion that "winds execute" message never reached Washington.
_	Egan's thesis that Shakespeare wrote the play, also known as "Thomas of Woodstock", was examined by three independent Shakespeare scholars, who unanimously agreed that "In sum, the differences, stylistic and otherwise, between "Woodstock" and Shakespeare's undoubted plays, even his early ones, so vastly outweigh the perceived similarities as to compel the conclusion that Shakespeare did not write "Woodstock"."
_	Such an event could lead to the conclusion that two or three successive years had abnormally warm summers, whereas all the icing formed during a single period which lasted for several days.
_	Moreover, the autopsy results support the conclusion that Hess had killed himself.
_	In researching this issue, Bane comes to the conclusion that he and Batman share a biological father: Thomas Wayne, who had been close to Bane's mother during his time in Santa Prisca.
_	The evolution of naval cannons during the first half of the 17th century soon led to the conclusion that the fleet had to fight in a single line to make the maximum use of its firepower without one ship getting in the way of another.
_	Where Kavanagh's sex-reassignment surgery was concerned, the commission came to the conclusion that the Correctional Services Canada's policy is discriminatory both on the grounds of sex and of disability, and must therefore be suspended in order to allow a new policy to be put in place.
_	In his book "Lynyrd Skynyrd: Remembering the Free Birds of Southern Rock", Gene Odom comes to the conclusion that Gray was potentially impaired and had been observed using cocaine the previous evening; however, toxicology reports from both pilots' autopsies found no traces of alcohol or other drugs.
_	Among others, historian Beate Meyer compared fact and fiction in a detailed treatment, and came to the conclusion that "Rosenstraße" was a projection of contemporary hopes and myths on history, resulting in a utopia.
_	Through these and other findings Sayer and Botting were able to come to the conclusion that the dossier had been quite skilfully counterfeited.
_	After "studying and analysing new modern art movements", Vaziri reached the conclusion that "painting is not a reconstruction of objective reality, but the artist has to create something that never existed before".
_	Even contemporaries could hardly escape the conclusion that Bennett was, as Fawn Brodie has called him, “a base and ignoble opportunist.”
_	The report came to the conclusion that “A cancer can not be cured by treating the symptoms.
_	Site-directed mutagenesis of the potential acid/base residues in the active site did not affect catalysis leading to the conclusion that Dnr K most likely acts as an entropic enzyme in that rate enhancement is mainly due to orientational and proximity effects.
_	On the day the invading evil alien is supposed to land, Jaco does not see the ship land thanks to Tights and so comes to the conclusion that the Earth is saved.
_	Kate Lister, president of Global Workplace Analytics, came to the conclusion that most workers prefer telecommuting and office work combined.
_	She comes to the conclusion that starting a school would be a convenient way to generate some much-needed income, while also looking after her infirm younger sister Joey.
_	In 1890, the tendency of his views and those of Dr. Marcus Dods was considered by the general assembly, but that body came to the conclusion that while some of their statements had been unguarded, their writings were not at variance with the standards of the church (, Reply to Letter of Professor Blaikie, 1890 ; Kere, Vivisection in Theology, 1890 ; Richardson, Dr. Bruce on the Kingdom of God, 1890 ; The Case Stated, 1890).
_	Having come to the conclusion that worldly possessions and marriage are the main stumbling blocks to achieving freedom, Sylvia returns to find each of her Australian relatives bound by both constraints, making them "impersonators."
_	Spanos' research leads him to the conclusion that past lives are not memories, but actually social constructions based on patients acting "as if" they were someone else, but with significant flaws that would not be expected of actual memories.
_	Kkhurana is superstitious and his activities are controlled by his astrologer, Batuk Maharaj, whose particular use of numerology led Kkhurana to add an extra "K" to his real name (Khurana) as well as to the conclusion that the 'Second Innings House' would be the most auspicious place for Sunny and Simran to live.
_	Zunz, who closely examined the manuscript after which the edition was subsequently printed (l.c. pp. 251 et seq.), comes to the conclusion that We-Hizhir and Hashkem are one and the same work.
_	He was also positive about the New Left in the United States: after visiting the US in the mid-1960s, he came to the conclusion that the New Left "will lead to an original form of non-Marxist Socialism", and wrote that the movement reminded him of the Italian Resistance.
_	No evidence of early stone defences has yet been discovered, leading to the conclusion that FitzOsbern's castle was built of timber, but it is just possible that the dense vegetation and thick deposits of debris conceal the foundations of an early stone keep.
_	Smith himself had come to the conclusion that "the Qing empire" and "China" were not the same thing and that the Qing had to be placed in not only a Manchu context but one that included Inner Asia in general and that saw China in a global field.
_	Scientists studied the dolphins for 17 years before finally coming to the conclusion that sahulensis was a separate species within the souse genus.
_	During the summer of 1953 Tenth Air Force evaluated Sherman Air Force Base and came to the conclusion that in the interests of economy the base should be discontinued and its training activities be transferred elsewhere.
_	Many Germans reached the conclusion that the navalist policies of the Second Reich had been a blunder, given the people running the Navy at the time all appeared to be fools.
_	On March 10, 2017, affidavits filed by experts in court supported the conclusion that Flint water was connected to the Legionnaires' disease outbreak.
_	Zuckerman concluded that evidence of "accumulative of advantage" was clearly present over the course of development, with result that her research “… cast(s) considerable doubt on the conclusion that marked differences in performance between the ultra-elite and other scientists reflect equally marked differences in their initial capacities to do scientific work”.
_	Show later offered, "We have a choice – to think or not to think – and I've come to the conclusion that most of these guys don't want to think about anything but baseball, and I'm kind of ostracized for that."
_	They come to the conclusion that Humpy the dummy is the enchanted Pastoria.
_	This process established a plan for the site which more resembled a public botanical garden than a conventional arboretum, resulting in the conclusion that the Myer Arboretum would become a part of a larger entity--- The Gardens at SIUE.
_	He ultimately reaches the conclusion that he and his friends might not have good futures as long as he keeps altering the past, and he realizes that he is hurting them rather than helping.
_	This leads to the conclusion that the truly repentant person, who alone may benefit from the indulgence, has already received the only benefit the indulgence provides.
_	Gartside came to the conclusion that "you don't have to be lobotomised in order to make pop music.
_	In 1926, American journalist Warren Vinton attended séances with Schneider and came to the conclusion that the movement of objects were fraudulently produced by other members of the Schneider family concealed in the room.
_	After swimming for a while, Snitter eventually comes to the conclusion that he imagined the island.
_	The evidence was furthermore sufficient to lead to the conclusion that the appellant, beyond reasonable doubt, was guilty of contravening the original counts.
_	This research also makes the conclusion that our existing moods and emotions lead us to selectively perceive emotion-congruent objects and events.
_	Since the modular group has non-congruence subgroups, it is "not" the conclusion that any such curve is a modular curve.
_	The trial court also instructed the jury that "[a]dvice or research resulting in the conclusion that wages of a privately employed person are not income or that the tax laws are unconstitutional is not objectively reasonable, and cannot serve as the basis for a good faith misunderstanding of the law defense."
_	The motive behind this act was not fully disclosed in the press, but 'Judge Nestor Valetti told the paper that "After viewing the security footage, intelligence officials came to the conclusion that this person was suspicious."
_	The Kansas City Police Department drew the conclusion that routine preventive patrol in marked police cars has little value in preventing crime or making citizens feel safe and that resources normally allocated to these activities could safely be allocated elsewhere.
_	To exclude the right of a Court to interfere by way of interdict, where special remedies are provided by statute, might in many instances result in depriving an injured person of the only effective remedy that he has, and it would require a strong case to justify the conclusion that such was the intention of the Legislature.
_	This coal dust, plus the candle wax upon Page's clothing, led Spilsbury to the conclusion that the girl's body had been hidden in a coal cellar prior to her disposal at Addison Road, and that this cellar most likely had no electric light, as evidenced by the presence of candle wax also found upon the victim's clothing.
_	This up-regulation of Bhlhb5 led to the conclusion that tbr1 suppresses caudal identity while promoting frontal identity.
_	Bernal came to the conclusion that ancient Greek accounts of Egyptian influence on their civilisation should be taken seriously.
_	The significance of the conclusion that the Nazis did not set the fire is that it suggests that the "Machtergreifung" was more of a series of "ad hoc" responses to events rather the result of some master plan of the part of Adolf Hitler and thus the German people were not mere bystanders.
_	After taking variables such as the gender and sexual orientation of the judges and the gender of the targets into consideration, Ambady reached the conclusion that people could accurately perceive sexual orientation through thin slicing.
_	It was the unsystematic succession of the interval names, their location below apparently lyric texts, and the regular interpolation of numerals that led to the conclusion that these were notated musical compositions.
_	As a Hebrew scholar he made a special study of the history of the Hebrew text, which led him to the conclusion that the vowel points and accents are not an original part of the Hebrew language, but had been inserted by the Massorete Jews of Tiberias, no earlier than the 5th century; he also concluded that the primitive Hebrew characters are those now known as the Samaritan, while the square characters are Aramaic and were substituted for the more ancient at the time of the captivity.
_	The winery's early experimentation with grape varieties led to the conclusion that the humid weather of the Virginia Piedmont region favored grapes with thick skins and loose grape clusters.
_	Early in his academic career, he thus came to the conclusion that one of the reasons for the lack of progress in psychiatric research could be – although worked out with good intention – the anosological diagnostic methodology carried out through expert consensus.
_	This idea led him to the conclusion that in this formalism one of the dimensions of spacetime appears to be dynamic.
_	Both Beloff and Gregory came to the conclusion that Janet and Margaret were playing tricks on the investigators.
_	UV spectral synthesis leads to the conclusion that there are approximately 800 B and 40 O stars present.
_	Alwa watches her leave and then contemplates writing an opera based on Lulu's life, but as he draws out the scenes he comes to the conclusion that they are too gruesome.
_	Gretchen comes to the conclusion that Sylar's powers have isolated him from ever having any relationships.
_	The Cox Commission came to the conclusion that Barbadians preferred to maintain the constitutional monarchy.
_	This evidenced the conclusion that delinquency rates always remained high for a certain region of the city (ecological zone 2), no matter which immigrant group lived there.
_	Michael Grant comes to the conclusion that "on the whole" it seems most likely Cleopatra V was the mother of Cleopatra VII, noting that had Cleopatra VII been illegitimate, her "numerous Roman enemies would have revealed this to the world."
_	That, combined with the location of the find, led to the conclusion that the individual led a highly mobile, water-borne lifestyle centered on the northern coast.
_	Evidence, however, point to the conclusion that it was Choe Hyon, not Kim Il-sung, who commanded the troops that raided Pochonbo.
_	When she researched the matter further, she arrived at the conclusion that her child and other children from the ethnic minorities were so under-represented in children’s books that they were being denied an important stage in their learning, so she decided to start publishing books to meet that need.
_	The entire group of sealings leads to the conclusion that Kallion or -at leas-t the receiver of the documents bearing them maintained relations with the political authorities of large part of mainland Greece, of the islands as well as of the Hellenistic kingdoms. .
_	It drew the conclusion that Jews controlled the gold supply and thus American money.
_	A short time after their return from Pylea, demons across the city are being massacred - regardless of whether or not they actually did anything to deserve being killed in the first place - and Gunn comes to the conclusion that his old gang is responsible for the deaths, currently being led by a man named Gio, who has a serious grudge against supernatural entities due to an unrevealed event in his past (cf. "That Old Gang of Mine").
_	Coming to the conclusion that the only way to save his new acquisition was to sell the product to additional markets, Testor renamed the adhesive "Crystal Clear Household Cement" and began marketing it to households as a general-purpose repair product, while continuing to sell a large quantity to shoemakers.
_	His results led to the conclusion that circadian oscillations of biological processes were innate and did not require prior exposure to a 24-hour day to be expressed.
_	The commission by the state of Brandenburg for the review of Universities ("Hochschulstrukturkommission") which reviewed the University Viadrina where his IntraG, funded by Heel (corporation) is located came to the conclusion that this Institute should not be continued within the university.
_	By drawing up a simple equation, the program could come to the conclusion that the output equalled one ninety-sixth of the input, and could then multiply the output (or goal) by ninety-six to find the necessary input.
_	However, the Court noted that the while the test which the Registrar had applied could not be validly criticized, there was no evidence to support the conclusion that the Registrar had arrived at.
_	He explained that a story of "blackguards and traitors" should not lead anyone to the conclusion that he believes such characters typify American society, rather that "imitation of blackguards and traitors is not a fit ambition for Americans."
_	Several years before Theodor Herzl, in the work "Prince Bismarck and anti-Semitism" (1886), Popper-Lynkeus came to the conclusion that the Jews could be saved from anti-Semitism only if they possessed their own state.
_	After a few months on the job, Hancock came to the conclusion that the situation was hopeless; given current development and engineering, she felt Copland would never ship.
_	Having analyzed the Kielce pogrom for years, author Krzysztof Kąkolewski ("Umarły cmentarz"), came to the conclusion that the Russian NKVD had planned the pogrom in Kielce ahead of time.
_	When the companions of Muhammad, on invading Persia, came in contact with the Zoroastrian people and learned these teachings, they at once came to the conclusion that Zoroaster was really a Divinely inspired prophet.
_	Most importantly, Rappaport's departure in the late 1960s from traditional brush painting to his employing grattage technique does owe a debt to Lepper's own example of arriving at the conclusion that the paintbrush was not his tool but those of the industrial fabricator were.
_	In his report ('Sowjetjudäa', In: "Israelitisches Familienblatt" and in "Haynt") he came to the conclusion that there were neither the possibilities nor an adequate milieu for a genuine Jewish life.
_	If a man has failed to find any good reason for believing that there is a God, it is perfectly natural and rational that he should not believe that there is a God; and if so, he is an atheist... if he goes farther, and, after an investigation into the nature and reach of human knowledge, ending in the conclusion that the existence of God is incapable of proof, cease to believe in it on the ground that he cannot know it to be true, he is an agnostic and also an atheist – an agnostic-atheist – an atheist because an agnostic... while, then, it is erroneous to identify agnosticism and atheism, it is equally erroneous so to separate them as if the one were exclusive of the other...
_	The uneven results of Freud's early clinical work eventually led him to abandon hypnosis, having reached the conclusion that more consistent and effective symptom relief could be achieved by encouraging patients to talk freely, without censorship or inhibition, about whatever ideas or memories occurred to them.
_	They came to the conclusion that telerobotic approaches could permit direct study of the samples on the Mars surface via telepresence from Mars orbit, permitting rapid exploration and use of human cognition to take advantage of chance discoveries and feedback from the results obtained so far.
_	His meditations bring him to the conclusion that morality is meaningless; Jove rewards only the selfish and plays arbitrary games with hapless mankind.
_	After reading the "Communist Manifesto", Smith eventually reached the conclusion that Jesus was a communist.
_	Jackson was personally close to Eaton, and he came to the conclusion that the allegations against Eaton arose from a plot against his administration led by Henry Clay.
_	Archaeologists have come to the conclusion that these regions were inhabited from the middle of the third millennium BC by Indo-European people who spoke a Proto-Greek language.
_	One might suppose that Chopin considered writing the études in all the tonalities but eventually came to the conclusion that it wasn't practical and turned back to it later, for the 24 Preludes, Op. 28.
_	This is indeed the conclusion that the authors (Libet, et al.) themselves seem to be willing to force upon the reader.
_	The PLO condemned the murders and accused Israel of jumping to the conclusion that the perpetrator was Palestinian and of exploiting the tragedy for its own political gains.
_	Blomberg's interactions with the SA in East Prussia led him to the conclusion that Nazis made for excellent soldiers, which further increased the appeal of National Socialism for him.
_	However, other scientists did come to the conclusion that the aether did not exist.
_	The Commission reached the conclusion that the Mandate had become unworkable and must be abolished in favor of partition, as the only solution to the Arab-Jewish "deadlock".
_	Two commissions, one conducted by the Peruvian military, the other by the Vatican came to the conclusion that with the water pressure, it would have been technically impossible for anyone to close the hatch.
_	As a metaphysical position, solipsism goes further to the conclusion that the world and other minds do not exist.
_	Research led her to the conclusion that all cultures have legends of mermaids because all humans begin as mermaids swimming in their mother’s womb.
_	Jack explored the area and came to the conclusion that the road must come down in the area now known as Mount Carmel Junction.
_	discovered the cry "Drosophila" mutant, which lead to the conclusion that cryptochrome protein is involved in circadian photoreception.
_	He came to the conclusion that it was necessary to look for a real plague reservoir not among sensitive species eradicated by infection, but among the semi-resistant species that survive.
_	Cromwell had come to the conclusion that the current military system was untenable because it relied on local militias defending local areas.
_	However, on close inspection, Gracyk came to the conclusion that "Express Yourself" was a smart move for Madonna, as it actually portrayed women in a much stronger position.
_	The members of the army in Ganja came to the conclusion that there was no physical barrier between them and the railway, and that this situation would pose a great threat to the capital.
_	These studies led to the conclusion that the rate of synthesis rather than the rate of destruction may be the preferential way of the mammalian organism to control its enzyme levels.
_	Combining these equations leads to the conclusion that, in both equilibria, the formula_46-agents only trade with each other:
_	A BBC poll conducted in the United Kingdom came to the conclusion that 'retard' was the most offensive disability-related word.
_	Gove, previously seen as a key ally of the Johnson campaign, announced his own candidacy three hours before nominations closed, stating that he had reluctantly come to the conclusion that Johnson could not "provide the leadership or build the team for the task ahead."
_	As a result of his studies on the spinal cord, he also came to the conclusion that all peripheral nerves begin from the spinal cord.
_	The analysis of the economic situation in Soviet agriculture led Zaslavskaya to the conclusion that the revealed problems cannot be explained without sociological analysis, which bordered with blasphemy within the canonical Marxist science, which postulated that the development of the society is derived from the economical relations, and not vice versa.
_	The hypothesis that (A) is true leads to the conclusion that (A) is false, a contradiction.
_	by October 1983 they had come to the conclusion that the revolutionary workers should enter the small Anarcho-syndicalist unions such as the CNT and IWW.
_	This was based upon the conclusion that the error resilient tools of H.264 are not effective compared to the applied error-correction coding of the transmission system and therefore the associated cost would have a negative impact on the cost-effectiveness of the portable receivers.
_	Of the Commandants, only Alexander Maconochie appeared to reach the conclusion that brutality would breed defiance, as demonstrated by the mutinies of 1826, 1834 and 1846, and he attempted to apply his theories of penal reform, providing incentives as well as punishment.
_	It lasted one week and ended with the conclusion that the defendants were innocent and the true initiators of the fire were to be found amid the leading Nazi Party elite.
_	In 2005, Bradshaw's research led her to the conclusion that post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) existed in free-ranging elephant survivors of severely traumatic events, including mass culls (systematic killing), poaching, translocation, and other human attacks.
_	He described the cable as an "...act of momentous irresponsibility... eccentric..." which "lacked wisdom, veracity and tactical understanding," and later came to the conclusion that the genesis of the cable was Rabin's indecisive state of mind.
_	The stated in the post that they had "come to the conclusion that it would be wrong to continue this band without Kier by our side."
_	The report presented 33 strands of circumstantial evidence that Kilgour and Matas felt, in the absence of any disproof, cumulatively allowed the conclusion that "the government of China and its agencies in numerous parts of the country, in particular hospitals but also detention centres and 'people's courts', since 1999 have put to death a large but unknown number of Falun Gong prisoners of conscience.
_	Hoyle and Wickramasinghe's research led them to the conclusion that, as the spectroscopic data of the gas clouds matched those for desiccated bacteria, the core component of interstellar dust was indeed just that - desiccated bacteria.
_	In local fusion, individuals have direct experiences with other group members that foster the conclusion that they share essential qualities with those individuals.
_	Gregory Erickson estimated the bite power, and came to the conclusion that "Tyrannosaurus" would have had a bite force of about 6.8 tonnes, or 60,000 Newtons.
_	I ha(ve) come to the conclusion that it (i)s not fair to the Empire to retain French in command.
_	A poorly designed set of experiments aimed at isolating Arthromitus from termite guts led to the conclusion that Arthromitus is in fact a growth stage of "Bacillus cereus".
_	Page had changed his thinking during his time away from the CEO role, as he eventually arrived at the conclusion that his greatly ambitious goals required a harmonious team dynamic.
_	Arthur Schopenhauer took idealism to the conclusion that the world was nothing but the futile endless interplay of images and desires, and advocated atheism and pessimism.
_	Previous work by the Landau group (reviewed in ) led to the conclusion that the general solution does not contain a physical singularity.
_	Peter Robinson echoed this statement, saying that the book's essays "reinforce the conclusion that it will take all of our ingenuity, will and perseverance to prevent catastrophe.”
_	Rational thought leads to the conclusion that massive bodies such as the planets, some of which are larger than our own earth, are not empty masses created merely to wander aimlessly around the sun, and shine with their feeble light on one planet.
_	For instance, in the example of the downtown area described above, a strict interpretation of cumulative significance could lead to the conclusion that a Federal agency would have to prepare an EIS to construct something as mundane as a stoplight, walkway, or small parking lot if an environmental resource such as air quality or noise is already cumulatively significant.
_	He comes to the conclusion that she would be better off believing that he has been killed so she can get on with her life.
_	Michael Gregory told "Billboard" that he did question the appropriateness of taking a bad news story and making it into a musical parody but then came to the conclusion that "it's taking a terrible situation and making at least something positive out of it."
_	The injury eventually proves fatal, and by that time it is already clear to the viewer that the police have manipulated witnesses to force the conclusion that the victim was simply run over by a drunk driver.
_	Havelock eventually came to the conclusion that the poetic aspects of early philosophy "were matters not of style but of substance," and that such thinkers as Heraclitus and Empedocles actually have more in common even on an intellectual level with Homer than they do with Plato and Aristotle.
_	He also examines Incompatibilism's argument that our freedom consists in origination or free will, our choosing without our choosing's being caused; hence the conclusion that determinism and freedom are inconsistent.
_	Newton came to the conclusion that a musical number would be the catchiest alternative, and the ""Duck and Cover" sequence" came to become one of the crew members' favorites of the film.
_	1944, a commission of the SAR after came to the conclusion that the heavily corroded rails were no longer suitable for safe operations and recommended the closure of the railway.
_	While at Kabul, Maulana came to the conclusion that focusing on the Indian Freedom Movement would best serve the pan-Islamic cause.
_	Later that night, he goes to Rhys' and Jacqui's flat, and in a three-hander episode, the three of them discuss everything that's happened and they all eventually come to the conclusion that Gilly did indeed rape Jacqui.
_	The board refused, leaving the delegation with the conclusion that the county was more interested in procuring industry and profit rather than the needs of the Glen Wilton school children and the community.
_	Becky comes to the conclusion that since there was no DNA test done along with everyone else assuming, she and Jess may not be related and is heartbroken by this.
_	The Stevens dissent seems to rest on four main points of disagreement: that the Founders would have made the individual right aspect of the Second Amendment express if that was what was intended; that the "militia" preamble and exact phrase "to keep and bear arms" demands the conclusion that the Second Amendment touches on state militia service only; that many lower courts' later "collective-right" reading of the Miller decision constitutes "stare decisis", which may only be overturned at great peril; and that the Court has not considered gun-control laws (e.g., the National Firearms Act) unconstitutional.
_	Frum came to the conclusion that all nine of the men whose transcript he summarized had obviously lied.
_	Historian Stephen E. Ambrose draws the conclusion that, despite Eisenhower's later claims that the act was not an endorsement of the Morgenthau plan, Eisenhower both approved of the plan and had previously given Morgenthau at least some of his ideas on how Germany should be treated.
_	By 1928, the experts had come to the conclusion that only a small portion of Brentano's books could be safely attributed to Emmerich.
_	The same study also came to the conclusion that "Typhloperipatus williamsoni" is the closest extant relative of "Cretoperipatus".
_	Jack had seen many children purchasing chewing gum drawing the conclusion that the machine must be full of money.
_	Other discrepancies between the two lead to the conclusion that the French document was an indirect copy based on verbal accounts and not from having access to the original parchment.
_	At a later stage in the written reasons, however, it jumped to the conclusion that a state, which resorts to military force without justification and, therefore, violates the prohibition of the use of force provided for by Art. 2.4 of the Charter, at the same time commits an act of military aggression.
_	Plante had come to the conclusion that as long as he was in control of the puck, the opponents could not shoot it at him – this is now standard practice for goaltenders.
_	The low dipole moment and almost orthogonal bond angles lead to the conclusion that in PH the P-H bonds are almost entirely pσ(P) – sσ(H) and phosphorus 3s orbital contributes little to the bonding between phosphorus and hydrogen in this molecule.
_	The upfield chemical shift of the phosphorus atom in the P NMR spectrum accords with the conclusion that the lone pair electrons occupy the 3s orbital (Fluck, 1973).
_	In 1969, Sternglass reached the conclusion that 400,000 infants had died because of medical problems caused by fallout—chiefly lowered resistance to disease and reductions in birth weight.
_	The Court began by stating that the conclusion that the tips were made out of "detached and disinterested generosity" was a conclusion of law, not a finding of fact, and as such the Court did not need to give any deference to the trial court's finding on that point.
_	The presence of numerous archaeological evidence in Borcea which originated from the Greek colonies in Dobruja lead to the conclusion that between Getic settlements that were strung along the Borcea branch and the greek colonies there were cultural and economic exchanges.
_	Justice Hawco came to the conclusion that Michael Ferguson fired the first shot in self-defense, but the second shot was unnecessary.
_	There have been several historians who have disputed that Perugino's painting preceded Raphael's and some who have suggested the painting was not Perugino's at all but instead produced after Raphael's by one of Perugino's followers, but 16th century documentary evidence supports the conclusion that Perugino had begun working on the painting in 1499, though it was not completed until some point after December 26, 1503.
_	This particular statement, as well as some other details, have led some philologists to the conclusion that Hrabar actually speaks about Cyrillic script.
_	In 2006, the band website stated that no more news would be printed, leading to the conclusion that Ildjarn had ended.
_	During that moment, Leo and Molly reach the conclusion that they can never be together romantically and that their relationship would remain platonic.
_	No archaeological evidence from this period has yet been found, leading to the conclusion that, either the settlement of the colony was disturbed by the civil war following the death of Julius Caesar, or that Plancus' colony was actually in the area of modern Basel, not Augst.
_	He was startled to discover he was attracted to both men and women equally, and in his memoir he observed,I finally came to the conclusion that for me, everything I had done that night was as natural and as good as it felt ...
_	Davis was working on his first project, a "Darklands"-style role-playing video game/turn-based strategy hybrid, when he reached the conclusion that it "wasn't going to work" in January 2005.
_	Michael Farris takes issue with the teaching that women should not vote, and argues that "nothing in the Bible can possibly be twisted to expand the duties between a husband and wife in a loving marriage to reach the conclusion that Bill Maher can vote but Vickie Farris cannot."
_	In these years, he "came to the conclusion that while Marx stood for a harmonised social system, Sri Aurobindo held the key to a harmonised human personality."
_	The Taylor Report had come to the conclusion that all football stadia in England should be all-seater and the best option for Stoke would be to build a new stadium rather than convert the Victoria Ground.
_	The British government also came to the conclusion that colonists and Native Americans must be kept apart.
_	All populations of Anatolian buffalo studied had the non-conservative lysine mutation at 232, leading to the conclusion that this DGAT-1 allele mutation is fixed within the populations.
_	Sterns also made key observations about the nature of the terrain, leading to the conclusion that the streambed above which the site lies was probably wider at the time of the site's occupation.
_	The Court then analyzed the purpose of Congress in enacting the legislation to further support the conclusion that Congress intended to include this type of “carrying” within the scope of the statute.
_	By September 1963, CPE came to the conclusion that a fifth boat was absolutely necessary.
_	She noted that "some people could lead to the conclusion that you were promoting suicide bombing."
_	Sometime during this era, he came to the conclusion that the time was right for him to create the first Polish adventure game.
_	Cobb reached the conclusion that Faubus had exaggerated the likelihood that segregationists would engage in violence in a vain bid to block desegregation.
_	Su each nurse suspicions about one's own spouse's fidelity; each comes to the conclusion that their spouses have been seeing each other.
_	Rome house and numerous witnesses (one of whom specified that the mysterious man could spread a single finger on his left hand) in cases of kidnapping and rape of Roman girls, crossing which he had come to the conclusion that the wanted man was one with a history of sexual crimes, of a height above the Italian average, of middle age, with a foreign accent and who occasionally changed his hair and mustache color.
_	The hypothesis leads to the conclusion that only a few key species are necessary for a healthy ecosystem.
_	Historian Stephen Ambrose draws the conclusion that, despite Eisenhower's later claims that the act was not an endorsement of the Morgenthau plan, Eisenhower both approved of the plan and had previously given Morgenthau at least some of his ideas on how Germany should be treated.
_	Evidence from a 1998 DNA test showed that a descendant of Eston matched the Jefferson male line, and historical evidence also supports the conclusion that Thomas Jefferson was probably Eston's father.
_	permitted the conclusion that most of the Allied forces had already been landed and that the remaining ones were insufficient for a second landing.
_	Since he cannot be in both places, the conclusion that at least one of (a) or (b) is true is valid.
_	However when Mufti Sahib used to sit in the Gatherings of Shaykh Zakariyyah, Mufti Sahib would be so affected, that his own sins and flaws would become manifest to him, as a result of which Mufti Sahib came to the conclusion that his Islaah (Spiritual Reformation) would take place only at the hands of Shaykh Zakariyyah.
_	Leibniz argues that empiricism can only show us that concepts are true in the present; the observation of one apple and then another in one instance, and in that instance only, leads to the conclusion that one and another equals two.
_	The shots were considered by the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), governors of the game, who came to the conclusion that the shot was legal, believing that the LBW law (which continues "The off side of the striker's wicket shall be determined by the striker's stance at the moment the ball comes into play for that delivery") adequately covers the scenario.
_	Tabinshwehti deliberated at length with his ministers, and finally came to the conclusion that Ye Htut should be given his sister in marriage, and a princely title of Kyawhtin Nawrahta.
_	Before arriving to Deadman Wonderland, Genkaku lived at Buddhist Temple where he suffered various forms of severe physical and sexual abuse from other monks-in-training (including being repeatedly gang-raped), slaughtering his tormentors during the earthquake's aftermath after reaching the conclusion that salvation is in death, he then fashioned a macarbe statue of buddha from their bodies as a symbol of his new belief.
_	The firm interviewed 60 alumni, parents, current and former staff and came to the conclusion that four former employees had engaged in illegal sexual conduct with students in the 1970s and 80s.
_	It was during this period, that the RCN, facing reduced defence spending and manning constraints, came to the conclusion that they could not operate two aircraft carriers.
_	One of the most popular proposed resolutions is to accept the conclusion that the observation of a green apple provides evidence that all ravens are black but to argue that the amount of confirmation provided is very small, due to the large discrepancy between the number of ravens and the number of non-black objects.
_	Koestler came to the conclusion that a kind of modified "Mini-Lamarckism" may explain some rare evolutionary phenomena.
_	He was last seen at about 2 A.M., and his hat and cloak were found on deck, leading to the conclusion that he had intentionally jumped.
_	Murphy came to the conclusion that the only way to fight unemployment was to do it in Ireland with an organised movement.
_	In "Toad's Wild Ride," Jax, Bobby and Unser come to the conclusion that the three Nomads Gogo, Greg and Frankie are behind the break-ins and Rita's death.
_	The result of this evaluation led to the conclusion that hydrocarbons will remain a prime source of energy for a while.
_	Having watched and listened to her give evidence, having studied the documents, and having given in her favour every allowance for the enormous strain she must have been under (and in conducting her own case) I am driven to the conclusion that much of her evidence, both written and oral, was not just inconsistent and inaccurate but also less than candid.
_	He went over the tonnage figures repeatedly, arriving at the conclusion that the airlift would not be adequate.
_	Microbiotheriids were once thought to be members of the order Didelphimorphia (which contains the Virginia opossum); however, an accumulation of both anatomical and genetic evidence in recent years has led to the conclusion that microbiotheriids and other microbiotheres are not didelphids at all, but are instead most closely related to the Australasian marsupials; together, the microbiotheres and the Australian orders form the clade Australidelphia which are now thought to have first evolved in the South American region of Gondwana.
_	Egyptologist Aidan Dodson thinks alike and points to the fact, that nearly all serekhs of Sneferka are made "on erasures", thus leading to the conclusion that Sneferka usurped Qa'a's vessels.
_	Mann also conducted a study among non profit employees and came to the conclusion that although there is a dichotomy within the public and private sectors, if an employee is working for a non profit organization he or she would be satisfied regardless of PSM or not.
_	He came to the conclusion that the Soviet commission examining the concentration camp Auschwitz (which did not find any of the German paperwork) had made the best estimate the number of victims.
_	Now with the support and funding necessary from the reformed skeptics, the team works on further predictions and comes to the conclusion that a wave of earthquakes are pending in and around the southwestern United States.
_	For example, the narrative after Thucydides' exile (4.108"ff.") seems to focus on Peloponnesian events more than the first four books, leading to the conclusion that he had greater access to Peloponnesian sources at that time.
_	In late 2008, U.S. diplomats came to the conclusion that in 2003 — when Serzh Sargsyan was the Defense Minister of Armenia — the Armenian government had purchased anti-tank rockets (RPG-22) and PK machine guns from Bulgaria and supplied them to Iran.
_	American and Croatian investigative sources came to the conclusion that Hassan al-Sharif Mahmud Saad had organized this attack.
_	Before 1930, Sanielevici also reached the conclusion that, after an era of realism, a new, "proletarian", form of moralizing classicism was emerging in prose.
_	She immediately jumps to the conclusion that Kid slept with her but her friend Janelle (who had been dogging Kid and the pending marriage throughout the film) comes to his defense and tell Veda she is wrong to assume Kid cheated.
_	The planners had come to the conclusion that the area was sparsely, if at all, defended, and that they should be able to achieve their objectives with no problems; Turkish opposition had not been considered.
_	Some critics responded to the comments made by Ne-Yo and came to the conclusion that the singer had "lost touch" with his R&B roots.
_	She comes to the conclusion that she wants to vote for the legalization of marijuana when she is older.
_	This leads to the conclusion that the only independent universe which any mind can think of is the universe in synthesis with some other mind or ego.
_	Prior to this proposal, Goethe, de Saussure, Venetz, Jean de Charpentier, Karl Friedrich Schimper and others had made the glaciers of the Alps the subjects of special study, and Goethe, Charpentier as well as Schimper had even arrived at the conclusion that the erratic blocks of alpine rocks scattered over the slopes and summits of the Jura Mountains had been moved there by glaciers.
_	The USITC once again arrived at the conclusion that Canada's exports unfairly impacted American producers.
_	A scientific review in 2013 came to the conclusion that it is not possible to identify one method of endometrium preparation in frozen embryo transfer as being more effective than another.
_	They are coming to the conclusion that something is going to happen in the village soon.
_	The evidence arrived at the conclusion that Driscoll was the secret creative force behind design of the famous Tiffany lamps.
_	Despite the success of the Broadway pedestrian plazas in Manhattan, in general, pedestrian malls, in which all traffic is removed from shopping streets, have not been successful, leading to the conclusion that only particular areas – such as in college towns and resorts, which already have sufficient population density or pedestrian traffic – can successfully pursue this path.
_	A new reconstruction in 2013, by Albert Prieto-Márquez and Jonathan Wagner and based on the identification of specimen IVPP V829, a praemaxilla, as a "Tsintaosaurus" element, came to the conclusion that the unicorn-like bone was just the rear part of a larger cranial crest that started from the tip of the snout.
_	In "Parasites Lost", due to his incompetence as a physician, he comes to the conclusion that Fry, who is frequently injured, is a hypochondriac, an accusation he makes when Fry sits before Zoidberg with a pipe through his chest.
_	The "Spitfire" continued its exploration north to Magnetic Island, but the surveyors came to the conclusion that the northeastern shore Port Denison was the most suitable site in the region for settlement especially as the large native wells present in a creek bed there could be utilised as a water supply.
_	This led some scholars to the conclusion that the community at Qumran had withdrawn from Jerusalem in around 150 BCE following major disagreements between themselves and the Jewish authorities concerning Biblical interpretation and religious practices.
_	This analysis led to the conclusion that, under a wide range of circumstances, the selected strategy would be for each protocell to be haploid, but to periodically fuse with another haploid protocell to form a transient diploid.
_	A scientific review in 2013 came to the conclusion that epidemiological and in vitro studies generally converge sufficiently to conclude that phthalate anti-androgenicity is plausible in adult men.
_	An executive told a Frankfurt newspaper that "Daimler came to the conclusion that the sales chances for the Mercedes brand were better than that of Maybach."
_	Russia Today's editorial quoted Bernard Perego confirming that the election met international standards, "After we discussed what we saw, we came to the conclusion that the election was excellent in the way it was organized and that it met Western standards".
_	He concluded that, while many facts remain to be determined, the available evidence "did not allow for the conclusion that there was a reasonable basis to believe that a clearly excessive attack within the jurisdiction of the Court had been committed."
_	Following that exchange, Grin came to the conclusion that there was no longer any way to satisfy the publisher.
_	Rupa sees a young woman who is Sakina’s Aunt accompanying them in the buggy and jumps to the conclusion that she’s the woman called Sakina with whom Inder spends his time.
_	An important work on the subject was C. L. Hardin's 'Color for Philosophers,' which explained stunning empirical findings by empirical psychologists to the conclusion that colors cannot possibly be part of the physical world, but are instead purely mental features.
_	Through the thought experiment of the Ring of Gyges, Plato comes to the conclusion that one who abuses power enslaves himself to his appetites, while the man who chooses not to remains rationally in control of himself, and therefore is happy.
_	Andrade goes on to question whether or not Europeans would have developed large artillery pieces in the first place had they faced the more formidable Chinese style walls, coming to the conclusion that such exorbitant investments in weapons unable to serve their primary purpose would not have been ideal.
_	Structural comparison of very different historical experience of national literatures leads to the conclusion that the traditional "literary connections" represents only the outer side of the "invisible" internal typological interactions.
_	Based on the results of his own experiments and calculations, Mustafin came to the conclusion that there are objective reasons restricting the possibilities of improving the sensitivity and accuracy of chemical analysis with organic reagents.
_	Pickering noted similarities between Wolf–Rayet spectra and nebular spectra, and this similarity led to the conclusion that some or all Wolf Rayet stars were the central stars of planetary nebulae.
_	However, unfulfilled by the anticlimactic end of their journey, they come to the conclusion that "IT" is, in fact, not the sun and to realize their destiny, they must cross the ocean to the real Earthend and continue their quest.
_	In comparison to a checking MR Arthrography Strobel K. "et al." has arrived at the conclusion that through THI it is possible to achieve a generally improved visibility of joint and tendon surfaces, especially superior for subscapularis tendon abnormalities.
_	In April 2015, on the other hand, the IPN found that there was no evidence that any documents had been falsified regarding Wałęsa's supposed collaboration, which led to the conclusion that the documents on this matter had not been fabricated.
_	In 2001, when he came to the conclusion that an ultra-left wingers of the Communist Party of Bohemia and Moravia were behind several unsolved explosions that took place in his home town of Prerov (of which he is an honorary citizen), he was fired from BIS and soon after that arrested and imprisoned on 7 unsubstantiated charges.
_	Conquest in Africa and the East provided both wonder and terror to European intellectuals, as it led to the conclusion that Eden could never have been an actual geographical location.
_	However, archaeological evidence does not support the conclusion that Manikpur was the capital of the "Rakshasas", and that the village's ruins were built during the Buddhist-era.
_	However, there was considerable reluctance to accept the conclusion that DNA was the genetic material.
_	Beast and Prodigy access a dome placed over Utopia and San Francisco and come to the conclusion that the dome is able to send over hundreds of thousands of Nimrods over to kill the X-Men and remaining mutants, causing him to break down emotionally.
_	After seeing that the man has a fresh tattoo on his neck identical to that of the signature tattoo in which Annie described her brother having, and he stayed only three cells down from the real Richie while in prison, Chief of Police Derek Frye comes to the conclusion that the real Richie Novak had a man imitate his appearance in order to taunt Annie.
_	In his 1961 "The Death of God", the French theologian Gabriel Vahanian argued that modern secular culture in most of Western civilization had lost all sense of the sacred, lacked any sacramental meaning, and disdained any transcendental purpose or sense of providence, bringing him to the conclusion that for the modern mind, "God is dead".
_	They then travelled on to Algeciras, where they stayed some days to reconnoitre the approaches to Gibraltar, and returned to Germany with the conclusion that Franco's regime was reluctant to enter the war.
_	At the same time, Thomas, freshly returned from Spain, had come to the conclusion that the Trotskyists had joined the Socialist Party not to make it stronger, but to capture the organization for their own purposes.
_	The experiments ultimately led them to the conclusion that there are many social and situational factors that are behind whether a person will react in an emergency situation or simply remain apathetic to what is occurring.
_	However, recent analysis points to the conclusion that these may in fact the same species.
_	He came to the conclusion that some on each side exclude evidence that does not support their position.
_	He does not position the protagonist as angry, reactionary, or judgmental; it is more that the guy, a self-confessed 'square,' is confused by such changes and with a chuckle comes to the conclusion that he and his ilk have the right sort of life for themselves."
_	After three years spent among the local aboriginal people, Salvado came to the conclusion that they could be converted to Christianity.
_	Following the leads, Maddy comes to the conclusion that all the girls have been abducted by a Kerala-based sex trafficking racket headed by a psycho criminal named Khais Khanna.
_	The number of shooting executions slowly decreased; and, in February 2009, the Supreme People's Court ordered the discontinuation of firing squads by the following year under the conclusion that injections were more humane to the prisoner.
_	The inquiry reached the conclusion that Zachary Turner's death was preventable.
_	More recent research based on new readings and interpretations of the Hittite texts, as well as of the material evidence for Mycenaean contacts with the Anatolian mainland, came to the conclusion that "Ahhiyawa" referred to Mycenaean Greece, or at least to a part of it.
_	Fooled by Bobby's own situation with his parents, Justin jumps to the conclusion that his mother is having an affair with Santa.
_	In 2012, researchers came to the conclusion that the collision is definite after using the Hubble Space Telescope between 2002 and 2010 to track the motion of Andromeda.
_	The townsfolk come to the conclusion that the Gypsies have cannibalised baby Agnes; the mother flees Rheims in despair, and the deformed child is exorcised and sent to Paris, to be left on the foundling bed at Notre-Dame.
_	Some researchers came to the conclusion that children growing up in these tightly knit communities tended to see the other children around them as ersatz siblings and preferred to seek mates outside the community when they reached maturity.
_	The Anti-Spyware Coalition (ASC) which is constituted by public interest groups, trade associations, and anti-spyware companies, have come to the conclusion that the term spyware should be used at two different abstraction levels.
_	This leads to the conclusion that GPR113 Variant 1 is the homo sapiens descendent of the ancestral GPR113 gene.
_	By the end of the Second World War, the NSW Government had come to the conclusion that its ideas of infrastructure expansion could not be realised by the present system of the mostly-poor inner-city municipal councils and the Minister for Local Government, Joseph Cahill, pushed through a bill in 1948 that abolished a significant number of those councils.
_	These they spoke of as disappointing, but stated that, under all the circumstances, and keeping in view the unexpected increases in the cost of constructing the railway, they had reluctantly come to the conclusion that they had no alternative but to recommend their acceptance.
_	The Board in T 424/03 (following and extending the reasoning of decision T 258/03) came to the conclusion that a claim to a computer program on a computer-readable medium necessarily avoids exclusion from patentability under Article 52(2) EPC, restricting the need of a "further technical effect" (to meet the provisions of Article 52(2) and (3) EPC) to computer programs claimed by themselves (i.e., not claimed on a computer-readable medium for instance).
_	These studies led Mühlemann to the conclusion that fluoride incorporated into a dentifrice could exert a caries prophylactic effect.
_	After examining the tilma painting, they all came to the conclusion that it was “impossible that any human artist could have painted or created a work so smooth and outstanding and beautifully formed on a fabric so coarse and rough as the tilma.”
_	By studying Euharamiyida, Bi "et al." (2014) came to the conclusion that mammals evolved during the late Triassic, with allotherians diverging into Euharamiyids and Multituberculates around 208 million years ago from a common "Haramiyavia"-like ancestor.
_	By studying the composition of symmetry transformations, e.g. of geometric objects, one reaches the conclusion that they form a group and, more specifically, a Lie transformation group if one considers continuous, finite symmetry transformations.
_	The more you look, the more you begin to come to the conclusion that any project that big is almost certainly not thought through.
_	Recently, some scholars such as Sigurd Kværndrup, inspired in Johannesson's study of the four Cardinal Virtues in the "Gesta Danorum", have studied other elaborations and schemes in Saxo Grammaticus, leading to the conclusion that Saxo, instead of simply distorting a supposed "pure" Scandinavian tradition, was creating something new, attuned to the contest in thirteenth-century Denmark of strengthening institutions and engaging in the Northern Crusades.
_	In 2012, the Smithsonian Institution and the Thomas Jefferson Foundation held a major exhibit at the National Museum of American History: "Slavery at Jefferson's Monticello: The Paradox of Liberty;" it says that "evidence strongly support[s] the conclusion that Jefferson was the father of Sally Hemings' children."
_	Further experimental crosses led them to the conclusion that this mutation was somehow physically connected to the "factor" that determined sex in "Drosophila".
_	However the conclusion that most of the genome is "functional" has been criticized on the grounds that ENCODE project used a liberal definition of "functional", namely anything that is transcribed must be functional.
_	Baggallay JA said it was ‘very large in comparison with the services rendered’ leading ‘to the conclusion that there may have been some unfair dealing’.
_	It is undoubtedly not competent for the prosecution to adduce evidence tending to show that the accused has been guilty of criminal acts other than those covered by the indictment, for the purpose of leading to the conclusion that the accused is a person likely from his criminal conduct or character to have committed the offence for which he is being tried.
_	The American historian Alan Steinweis sarcastically commented that the complete lack of any evidence for the existence of the Jewish ""Hintermänner" did not lead either Grimn and Diewerge to the conclusion that the "Hintermänner" did not in fact exist, but rather to the conclusion that the Jewish conspiracy against Germany was far more insidious than either had realized as the "Hintermänner" had managed to erase all evidence of their existence.
_	The three officials originally tasked with designing the new flag later came to the conclusion that the seal was too complicated to be on a flag and Combs suggested that citizens should send in proposals.
_	The heavy reliance on the expertise of prison administrators also supported the conclusion that Ohio's procedures were adequate.
_	Because of this complexity, the presence of pain in an animal, or another human for that matter, cannot be determined unambiguously using observational methods, but the conclusion that animals experience pain is often inferred on the basis of likely presence of phenomenal consciousness which is deduced from comparative brain physiology as well as physical and behavioural reactions.
_	In general historians and economists agree with the conclusion that slavery was efficient and economically viable but had more mixed attitudes towards the material well being of slaves.
_	One of their discoveries was that, though rarely, even some of the considered "egoists" sometimes gave more than expected because that would help others, leading to the conclusion that there are other factors in cause in charity, such as a person's environment and values.
_	This has led to the conclusion that Juan de Roelas was Flemish by birth and not a native of Seville.
_	This preliminary analysis affirms the conclusion that the Altai specimen is likely an ancient dog with shallow divergence from ancient wolves.
_	However the Delhi High Court bench consisting of Justice R Aggarwal and Justice M Sharief-Ud-Din on a careful consideration to all the aspects of the case, came to the conclusion that the petition should not be proceeded with.
_	Several studies presented at the "European Visualization Conference" analyzed the relative accuracy of several pie chart formats, reaching the conclusion that pie charts and doughnut charts produce similar error levels when reading them, and square pie charts provide the most accurate reading.
_	In 2015 they held a sex-education session for 22 pupils, after reaching the conclusion that sex education in local schools was lacking in terms of coverage of LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) issues and consent.
_	Daisy later returned to Genoa City on Halloween, unnoticed by anyone (except Lauren, who came to the conclusion that she was hallucinating).
_	Doctors viewed the cuts on Riley's face, and came to the conclusion that he was unable to continue.
_	After listening to Temple members discuss the history of the case, Garry initially announced on September 8, 1977, that "[w]e've come to the conclusion that there is a conspiracy by government agencies to destroy Peoples Temple as a viable community organization."
_	With his newfound intellect, Doc Green came to the conclusion that the world was in danger by Gamma Mutates and thus needed to be depowered.
_	He made a deep study of multiple personalities and of obsession, and came to the conclusion that in many cases it could be attributed to spirit possession.
_	However, the fact that all the materials for calling the convocation were printed in English, that all the preliminary sessions were conducted in English and the records of-these proceedings were kept in English, that the governing documents were prepared in English, and that-the proceedings of the convention were conducted and recorded in English leads one to the conclusion that the Pennsylvania-German Society was to be composed of English-speaking descendants of the early German and Swiss immigrants to Pennsylvania and that its work was to be done in English.
_	In work carried out between 1881 and 1898, he came to the conclusion that although magnetic storms were not directly a result of sunspots, they were due to clouds of electrified particles moving between the sun and earth.
_	Wolfgang Hiltl, who undertook a meticulous examination of the 293-bar long manuscript in the light of Bruckner's contemporary pieces, came to the conclusion that the most likely assumption would be that Bruckner had given a score to Krzyzanowski, perhaps as an exercise in instrumentation.
_	The prevalence of oogamy in higher animals leads to the conclusion that this specialization of the gametes results in their performing their respective tasks better and more efficiently than those tasks could be performed by generalist isogametes, particularly the ability to concentrate high-energy substances in a smaller number of ova.
_	Some time after the events of the 2000 mini-series, Julie Power came to the conclusion that adventuring had deprived her of a normal childhood.
_	Experiments with tomato seedlings in 1989 by Harrison and Pickard led to the conclusion that the mechanism was also valid for dicotyledons.
_	These names support the conclusion that William Phelps was from Crewkerne and not Tewkesbury.
_	Miller came to the conclusion that fear could be learned through conditioning.
_	Walker later recalled that while in Birmingham he had bumped into Osbourne in a pub and came to the conclusion that Osbourne was not fully committed to leaving Black Sabbath.
_	Archaeological, linguistic, genetic, and environmental evidence all support the conclusion that the Bantu expansion was a significant human migration.
_	These circumstances lead to the conclusion that the tribe Ashina formed in Hexi Pinlyane as delivery of various Indo-European ("mixed hu").
_	In general, however, Campbell and Moyers, reach the conclusion that there is a lack of effective mythology and ritual in modern American society.
_	Given the strong support of the Labor-controlled city council, and given that Waterloo and Sydney only shared a small boundary along Moore Park, it was difficult for many to avoid the conclusion that the proposal was simply an attempt to secure Labor's hold over the City of Sydney.
_	The Court reached the conclusion that it is not competent to decide the dispute in regards to the mentioned decisions since the applicants were not subjects that were identified in Article VI.3 (a) of the Constitution on those who can refer disputes to the Court.
_	These considerations, taken cumulatively, led to the conclusion that the 1992 Act excluded the possibility of an inmate of a rehabilitation centre being criminally prosecuted in the ordinary courts of the country.
_	Du Maurier terminates her psychiatrist-patient relationship with Lecter after coming to the conclusion that he is dangerous.
_	Schweinfurth formed the conclusion that it belonged to the Chad system, and it was several years before its connection with the Congo was demonstrated.
_	When they return to their ship, Pritcher also comes to the conclusion that Channis is a member of the Second Foundation, and draws his atomic blaster on him, saying that the Mule would shortly be coming (both men had found the hyper tracer).
_	If a writer consistently avoids reporting, for example, the weaknesses of the Twelve Apostles, even when there are earlier sources that provide lurid details of their follies, one could draw the conclusion that the later editor/author held the Twelve in higher esteem because of the editor had presuppositions, or because the editor was perhaps trying to reinforce the legitimacy of those chosen by Jesus to carry on his work.
_	A revision of the group led to the conclusion that "F. obliqua" var. "petiolaris" belonged in the species "F. rubiginosa".
_	The band and their record label, Spinefarm Records, had plans to release the show as a DVD along with the CD, but they reached the conclusion that there were some mismatches between the video and the audio, as there was video footage from two different shows.
_	When the UT System's investigation was closed on March 3, the report’s executive summary stated, "The information gained in the probe supports the conclusion that President Romo engaged in sexual harassment and sexual misconduct against the victims..."
_	In her essay "Visualizing Safe Sex: When Pedagogy and Pornography Collide", Patton reached the conclusion that critics have devoted too little space to discovering the meaning that viewers attach to specific acts such as cum shots.
_	The alien, disguised as a man in formal attire, has a conversation with a fisherman on the topic in a log cabin, and then draws the conclusion that humans don't believe such probability.
_	The next morning, the mall manager and Chief Wiggum see the mess that Bart and Milhouse have created and blindly jumps to the conclusion that it was caused by a giant rat, closing the mall as a result.
_	A number of studies have reached the conclusion that IQ tests may be biased against certain groups.
_	After studying the climatic conditions and the structure of the soil, Krishtopenko came to the conclusion that not only Central Asian plants, but also species characteristic of Central Russia could grow in the garden, as well as in the entire fortification of the city.
_	As discussed in People of the State of New York v. Gray, 150 Misc. 2d 852 (N.Y. Co. 1991), the defendant is generally held to a "reasonableness" standard—the question is whether a reasonable person in the defendant's position would have reached the conclusion that the relevant conduct was necessary.
_	Except the findings in the case of Golaj, Helshan, Fajya e Brrut, there have been archeological expeditions by renowned scholars who have come to the conclusion that this nation belongs to ancient Dardania.
_	Researchers have come to the conclusion that Altechromone A is a common fungal metabolite with its origin in endophytic fungi.
_	Eventually, the Israeli leadership came to the conclusion that only retaliatory strikes would be able to create the necessary factor of deterrence, that would convince the Arab armies to prevent infiltration.
_	Like his brother he also came to the conclusion that his services had not been adequately appreciated, and the flattering way in which he was welcomed by the Russian court during a visit to Saint Petersburg in 1779 still further incensed him against the perceived ingratitude of his own sovereign.
_	In the late 1970s, a small group of Armenians, absorbed with questions about their history, their identity, and their future as a nation, came to the conclusion that there was a crucial need for a place to think critically about their reality.
_	They start a list of pro's and con's but Blair comes to the conclusion that Louis is the father of her child and that she has to stay with him.
_	This also leads to the conclusion that there is a necessary existent, the very thing Avicenna is trying to prove.
_	It reached the conclusion that peak Medieval warmth only occurred during two or three short periods of 20 to 30 years, with temperatures around 1950s levels, refuting claims that 20th century warming was not unusual.
_	At Basel he did much laborious work for Froben's editions, and came to the conclusion that the Church taught many doctrines of which the early doctors of Christianity knew nothing.
_	After an investigation, the Labour Party came to the conclusion that the allegations amounted to a "smear campaign" against Davidson due to the forthcoming investigations chaired by Davidson into the SNP's referendum proposal.
_	As their travels bring them nearer to the Dark Tower, Susannah comes to the conclusion that Roland needs to complete his journey without her.
_	This finding reinforces the conclusion that the amygdala "plays a pivotal role in triggering a state of fear".
_	Abraham Epstein followed Metz's method, and came to the conclusion that Eldad's book is like a historical novel in which truth is mixed with fiction.
_	These influences serve to reinforce the conclusion that the Book of Exodus originated in the exiled Jewish community of 6th-century BCE Babylon, but not all the sources are Mesopotamian: the story of Moses's flight to Midian following the murder of the Egyptian overseer may draw on the Egyptian "Story of Sinuhe".
_	Clive Ruggles, citing astronomer Douglas C. Heggie, has said that both classical and Bayesian statistical reassessments of Thom's data "reached the conclusion that the evidence in favour of the MY was at best marginal, and that even if it does exist the uncertainty in our knowledge of its value is of the order of centimetres, far greater than the 1mm precision claimed by Thom.
_	With this comparison in mind, Ford draws the conclusion that social justice is becoming the "right to purchase mass produced quirkiness and canned authenticity and the freedom to buy assembly line individuality and niche-marketed group consciousness" (Ford, 134).
_	A few chapters in, Nonna comes to the conclusion that as a woman, she has been taken advantage of and closes Abatti's Pizzeria for good.
_	He is saddened when he comes across her and Arundel in an intense discussion, arriving at the conclusion that Arundel will only propose if he wins a seat in Parliament.
