_	They notify the police, who come over to the house and question Stevie briefly, but they leave with little to go on other than the confirmation that the boys are indeed dead, as opposed to simply missing.
_	Along with new material was the confirmation that a new album would be released in 2007, with the new songs introduced at the shows included.
_	On that very same day, Pope Pius XII named her as Venerable upon the confirmation that Ibars led a model Christian life of heroic virtue.
_	Hadley had become disillusioned as a result of the confirmation that the Super League competition would take place in Australia in 1997 (see Super League War).
_	Notable here is the confirmation that the "sensus fidelium" is critical in determining whether a doctrine can be called infallible teaching.
_	She added that "[Bang] is the confirmation that Anitta did not come to be a one-hit wonder, but to have several hits in a row."
_	Pope Pius VI declared the late friar to be Venerable on 1 August 1778 upon the confirmation that he led a life of heroic virtue and later approved two miracles attributed to the friar on 4 October 1785 - this allowed for the pope to preside over the beatification in Saint Peter's Basilica on 3 September 1786.
_	A multiplayer mode was also announced, along with the option of a touch-based control scheme and the confirmation that the game will support Off-TV Play.
_	With the confirmation that Leitch would direct "Deadpool 2", it was revealed that Fox was looking for a separate filmmaker to direct "Deadpool 3".
_	In addition the members of the LPL and other resistant movements got again the confirmation that Luxembourg would not surrender – and the members of the LPL went on expanding their activities.
_	During that time, data collected by the rover supplanted and greatly expanded on the history of water at Meridiani Planum, in addition to the confirmation that there had been liquid water here in ancient times.
_	Rumors around his return to Benfica have started to appear around Portuguese sports journals due to his success in Japan and because of the confirmation that the club's coach Jorge Jesus would bring another striker in January to suppress the shortage of pure centre-forward players on the squad.
_	The sainthood cause for the late bishop opened in 1981 and he became titled as a Servant of God while Pope John Paul II named him as Venerable on 6 April 1998 upon the confirmation that he exercised heroic virtue in his life.
_	The Catholic Archbishop of Tuam, Michael Neary, said that he is horrified by the confirmation that significant quantities of human remains were buried on the site of a former mother and baby home in the town.
_	The episode was notable for the confirmation that Travis is indeed the Great-nephew (maternal side) of American country & western legend Garth Brooks.
_	Prior to the confirmation that the then-untitled "Logan" would be his final appearance in the "X-Men" film franchise, Jackman initially denied such rumors.
_	Following the confirmation that the tour would go ahead, England's director of cricket, Andrew Strauss, said that it is 100% safe to tour Bangladesh.
_	Among the conclusions from the study was the confirmation that prolonged semi-starvation produces significant increases in depression, hysteria and hypochondriasis as measured using the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory.
_	Flintoff remained in the squad, the only change being the introduction of Trott for Bopara, with the confirmation that the South African-born batsman would make his Test debut at The Oval.
_	The sainthood process started in 1966 under Pope Paul VI who later titled him as Venerable in 1977 upon the confirmation that the late religious had lived a life of heroic virtue.
_	Following the confirmation that "Redwater" would not return for a second series, it was announced in December 2017 that Kat would return to "EastEnders" in 2018 with her grandmother Mo Harris (Laila Morse) and Jean Slater (Gillian Wright).
_	PPAP is the confirmation that the product meets the customer requirements for series production.
_	The story ends on an optimistic note with a reference to the first pregnancy among the colonists, Eve and Tony's, and the confirmation that they have passed aphelion and are definitely locked into orbit around the sun.
_	After the confirmation that Nejdra Nance was really Carlina White, the Federal Bureau of Investigation began a search for Ann Pettway.
_	If there is a possibility that a data item will be required, the program may specify its advanced load, even before the confirmation that the item will be needed.
_	In 1967 this took place in Geneva, with the confirmation that national standardization should be the basis of international standardization.
_	However, the confirmation that they did in fact have teeth in both jaws has led to a re-interpretation of their ecological niche.
_	The Catholic Archbishop of Tuam, Michael Neary, said that he is horrified by the confirmation that significant quantities of human remains were buried on the site of a former mother and baby home in the town.
_	Today, the Vale (mining company) closes the 30th floor of a building in Rio de Janeiro with the confirmation that one of the worker has swine flu, 90 another workers are in quarantined in their homes and on observation, because they had contact with the official with swine flu.
_	After getting the confirmation that Viceroy Minye Thihathu II of Toungoo had left with the army, Hnaung too began his march—not to Pegu but to Toungoo.
_	After the RUC men were passed through the checkpoint, they requested by radio, clarification as to whether there were any authorised regular Army or UDR checkpoints in the area that night, and received the confirmation that there were none.
_	In the British government's first official response to China's 31 August decision, they said they "welcome the confirmation that China's objective is for the election of Hong Kong's chief executive through universal suffrage."
_	This version marks the confirmation that the new Bravo is coming, with the Stilo Attractive as the only version.
_	The public announcer started reading the penalty summary as the players warmed up, and as players heard the confirmation that they were to be ejected from the game anyway, some felt they "might as well take some guys with (them)" (per Larry Robinson), as "they had nothing to lose" (per Guy Carbonneau).
_	In July 1805, he was promoted to major-general by the order of Alexander I, after an agreement between his father and the Russians which stipulated that Russia would recognize him as the ruler ("khan") of the khanate, and the confirmation that his son, Mehdigulu, would succeed his father.
_	Among the expected results is the confirmation that proton–nucleus collisions provide an appropriate tool to study the partonic structure of cold nuclear matter in detail.
_	When the 2012 UFL schedule was released on August 1, 2012, so was the confirmation that Bart Andrus would be taking over the position.
_	Following the confirmation that there would be no new additions to the grid for 2011, Joan Villadelprat of Epsilon Euskadi and Jacques Villeneuve of the combined Villeneuve-Durango teams both announced that they would still attempt to join the grid for 2011, exploring the possibilities of taking over an existing team.
_	The Catholic Archbishop of Tuam, Michael Neary, said that he is horrified by the confirmation that significant quantities of human remains were buried on the site.
_	"Vehicle Type Approval is the confirmation that production samples of a design will meet specified performance standards."
_	This was later followed by the confirmation that Bruce Boxleitner and Garrett Hedlund would return for the third film.
_	Hopes of QPR gaining a quick return to the Premiership were given a major boost by the confirmation that Gallen, Dichio and Sinclair were to stay at the club.
_	As a security precaution, one should not rely on implicit means of logging out of a system, especially not on a public computer, instead one should explicitly log out and wait for the confirmation that this request has taken place.
_	In August, 1991, when Latvia had regained its state independence, the honor fell to me, as one of the senior Foreign Ministry staff, to receive Anatols Dinbergs' letter with the confirmation that he submitted himself into the service of the Foreign Ministry.
_	With the confirmation that the new texts had come from Murabba'at, Gerald Lankester Harding and Roland de Vaux commenced official excavations there in January 1952.
_	With this announcement came the confirmation that the rest of the cast from the previous season would return, including guest star Alec Baldwin in his role as President Donald Trump.
_	One of the most important conclusions of this dissertation is the confirmation that the Anatolian language group was the first one to split off from Proto-Indo-European and that all other Indo-European branches have undergone a period of common innovations (see Indo-Hittite).
_	This report, coupled with the confirmation that tea could also be grown, gave the British the motivation to develop the place.
_	It led to later research by others which resulted in the confirmation that this virus was required for the genesis of cervical cancer (and how the virus acts to do this).
_	The continued existence of the group was finally assured with the confirmation that Gabriel Serville of the Guianese Socialist Party (PSG) would sit with the GDR in the assembly, the group now reduced to 15 deputies.
_	In December, the release of the CD was confirmed for March 2009, along with the confirmation that long-time member Pablo Domínguez (guitar and bass) would leave the group to join a group named "Siete Horas".
_	They met up in Colwyn, and Sedgwick's pleasure at the confirmation that the map was incorrect made Darwin "exceedingly proud".
_	In July 2018, Keri Russell was in talks to play a part for some "action-heavy fight scenes" in the film, along with the confirmation that Billy Dee Williams will return as Lando Calrissian.
_	The artwork was unveiled on May 14, along with the confirmation that the record itself would be released on June 17 in the United States.
