_	The depictions of van den Bossche of the theme of the uroscopy do not appear to criticise the iatrochemist but rather show him as a person to whom the patients come in the confidence that he is a man of knowledge.
_	It was a victory highly creditable to the Southampton Club, for no other team in the County could have tackled the Engineers with the confidence that the Saints displayed.
_	For example, if the likelihood/unary terms are used to incorporate a color model of the object, then formula_30 would represent the confidence that the color at node formula_2 would belong to object (i.e., a larger value of formula_30 indicates greater confidence that formula_2 belonged to the object label) and formula_34 would represent the confidence that the color at node formula_2 belongs to the background.
_	Capra wrote of this period and recalled the confidence that Cohn placed in Capra's vision and directing:
_	I gained a lot of the confidence that I have now when I started gaining awards but not too much that it went to my head.
_	Most importantly, your momentous success is a testimony to the confidence that the people of the United States have reposed in your leadership, vision and commitment to serve your great country."
_	Two and a half year's later the world was at war and York never recovered the confidence that was expressed in the construction of the Town Hall."
_	At these meetings, detailed analysis of various past and present intelligence affairs is discussed under the Chatham House Rule, with the confidence that it will not be attributed to a person or organisation.
_	In neo-classical economic theory, hyperinflation is rooted in a deterioration of the monetary base, that is the confidence that there is a store of value that the currency will be able to command later.
_	According to Arthur S. "[Secretary of State William Jennings] Bryan and Wilson were both fundamentally missionaries of democracy, driven by inner compulsions to give other peoples the blessings of democracy and inspired by the confidence that they knew better how to promote the peace and well-being of other countries than did the leaders of those countries themselves."
_	It is, as it were, a measure of the confidence that God places in us." (Ch.18) Finding no solace in religion—at least that kind of religion—but at the same time unable to get over the loss of her son and also increasingly disgusted by her husband's matter-of-fact behaviour, Bertha escapes her dreary surroundings and finds refuge in London, where she moves into her aunt's flat.
_	During King Yama's time, attan was performed before going to a war because it used to give the army the confidence that they could win the battle.
_	He continued, "[The film] has been made with the confidence that the story itself is the point, not the flashy graphics.
_	On her appointment she commented: "I am delighted at the confidence that IUCN just placed in me.
_	According to the singer, guitarist and keyboard player Ed Roland: "I think it's the confidence that the other guys have gotten in their music skills and the songwriting and also, for lack of a better term, me letting go of my ego a little bit..."
_	We will build on our heritage and history with the confidence that our future generations will be as proud of us as we are of our ancestors."
_	This level is the confidence that a margin of error around the reported percentage would include the "true" percentage.
_	He gave the infield the confidence that inspired sharp and fast fielding, and made the pitching job comparatively easy.
_	NMFS officials chose not to intervene, stating it lacked the funds or the confidence that a rescue, translocation and reunion was possible.
_	The commander-in-chief never reposed in him the confidence that he gave to Beresford, Hill and Robert Craufurd but in the resolute, thorough and punctual execution of a well-defined task Picton had no superior in the army.
_	Only if we have the confidence that we can defend ourselves can we take further risks for peace."
_	I had a vision, coupled with Dom's wonderful musicianship, which gave me the confidence that I could do the music I heard in my head" - Darryl Mather
_	Bryce dying and is suddenly faced with the choice of downloading the Intersect again or just destroying it, he reflects on the confidence that others have in him (that he is both good and capable) and his sense of duty to protect those close to him.
_	‘The strong relationships enjoyed between teachers, other responsible adults and students underpin the confidence that students of all ages have to seek help and advice in academic and pastoral matters.
_	Arima Harunobu's desire to retake Arima lands in Hizen that were lost in the Sengoku wars - did much to shake the confidence that the Tokugawa regime placed on its Christian subjects, and was attributed as one of the reasons the Tokugawa eventually took an anti-Christian stance, which culminated in the persecution of Christians throughout the country.
_	I say that in the confidence that the free Norwegian people will themselves reduce the Communist Party to the insignificant sect that it was before the war.
_	In doing so, the defendant may well have the opportunity to enjoy two attempts at defending the action, first seeking to defend the action abroad and secondly operating with the confidence that they will be protected by Section 33 of the 1982 Act.
_	This train gave designers the confidence that they could safely build an even faster standard gauge train.
_	Effort optimism is the confidence that acquiring the skills valued by majority society, such as those skills measured by IQ tests, ACT, and SATs, are worthwhile.
_	It had given him the confidence that, if a congenial atmosphere exists or is created, the motivation for changing the society gets triggered, more precious so, in the intellectually gifted students.
_	These rapidly forming groups give citizens the confidence that they are not alone, and inspire collective actions.
_	It sets out the accuracy to which the data is captured for specific purposes, the quality expected of that data and a means by which to assess and indicate the confidence that can be placed in the data.
_	It is often stated that the confidence that the murders were strangers and the complete lack of experience in handling such crimes in small Sala, meant that the individual crimes of the Sala gang were seldom or never thoroughly investigated before the final murder in 1936.
_	"I am stunned by the results and truly honored and humbled by the confidence that so many voters in Arizona have shown me today".
_	Thus in a system of diffuse reciprocity, states need not seek the immediate benefit guaranteed by specific reciprocity, but can act in the confidence that their cooperative actions will be repaid in the long run.
_	The thrill from drugs and bad boy Warren gave her the confidence that she craves.
_	In an interview for "People" magazine, she stated: "This song represents the confidence that I truly have inside of me, and I think it's the vulnerable side that I've expressed, but it's also the combination of just feeling myself".
_	The "specificity" (the confidence that a lesion is cancerous and not a false positive) is only fair ('modest'), (or 37%-97%) thus a "positive" finding by MRI should not be interpreted as a definitive diagnosis.
_	Approval and support by key international industry bodies gave users the confidence that their investments in Foundation control solutions were based on recognized global standards.
_	He negotiated with Soviet Marshal Zhukov and such was the confidence that President Franklin D. Roosevelt had in him, he sometimes worked directly with Stalin, much to the chagrin of the British High Command who disliked being bypassed.
_	The mansion was emblematic of the confidence that the affluent placed in the concept that Columbia Heights represented the ideal suburb.
_	He also revealed the incident that had given him the confidence that he could play international cricket.
_	Schmid reported the confidence that the 11 January interception had given the fighter units had improved morale, although he warned, "the tactical and numerical superiority of the American fighter units had not been demonstrated fully".
_	By digitizing many journal titles, JSTOR allowed libraries to outsource the storage of journals with the confidence that they would remain available long-term.
_	The advantage of cover 2 is that it provides great versatility to the defense as the corners can play run, short pass, and deep pass with the confidence that they have support from two deep safeties.
_	He praised the song selection for including both older and modern standards, and remarked, "America's voices and ranges don't seem to have changed a bit; if anything, these guys are just getting better, as they sing with the confidence that only age can bring."
_	He said he had the confidence that the team would fix the problems before the game's release.
_	Project Assurance supported SROs (Senior Responsible Owner) and others responsible for successful delivery whilst providing funders and other stakeholders with the confidence that the project could deliver to time, budget and quality.
_	As a result, Nicholas Dean QC, leading counsel for the prosecution, informed the court on 1 December 2011 that "the prosecution can no longer sustain a position maintaining that the court and the defendants can have the required confidence in the disclosure process, the confidence that my Lord has referred to with all its importance to our criminal justice system.
_	In the 1990s, Wells and his Ph.D. student Amy Bradfield (Douglass) discovered that the confidence that eyewitnesses express in their identifications is highly malleable and can be dramatically inflated after making a mistaken identification through simple comments that seem to confirm their choice, a phenomenon known as the post-identification feedback effect.
_	In this way he concluded his speech, showing he trusted England's law system and with the confidence that he would have been acquitted, as he believed he had the right to.
_	With the confidence that he could hold his own against older horses on turf, Johnny D. was shipped up to Canada to run in the Canadian International Stakes, a prestigious Grade I race run at Woodbine Racecourse in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
_	It shows the confidence that India has in Ghana’s economy.
_	The case established the company as a major player in the industry and arguably gave the company the confidence that it could compete with the giants of American media.
_	She was often seen as weak by the other Acolytes, and she lacked the confidence that the others had.
_	I’ve been sliding well all week, and I had the confidence that I knew I can be there on the podium.
_	Rev. James M. Mathews was first Chancellor of New York University largely due to the confidence that Albert Gallatin had in him.
_	The reliance will seldom be express: it will usually arise by implication from the circumstances: thus to take a case like that in question, of a purchase from a retailer, the reliance will be in general inferred from the fact that a buyer goes to the shop in the confidence that the tradesman has selected his stock with skill and judgment: the retailer need know nothing about the process of manufacture: it is immaterial whether he be manufacturer or not: the main inducement to deal with a good retail shop is the expectation that the tradesman will have bought the right goods of a good make: the goods sold must be, as they were in the present case, goods of a description which it is in the course of the seller's business to supply: there is no need to specify in terms the particular purpose for which the buyer requires the goods, which is none the less the particular purpose within the meaning of the section, because it is the only purpose for which any one would ordinarily want the goods.
_	The force of his personality neutralized material difficulties as his soldiers fought with the confidence that with Napoleon in charge they would surely win.
_	The risks of taking such a large fleet into the dangerous shoals of the bay with the Atlantic gales beating down upon them separated Hawke from many of his contemporaries and showed not only his daring genius but the confidence that he inspired in his subordinates.
_	It is in terms of the confidence that I, once again, ask the indulgence of my colleagues in allowing me to address the complex issue of how terms like "German Nazism", "Neo-Nazis", "New Right", "German fascism", "Fascism", "fascist", "nazi", and "right-wing" have been used, and continue to be used to, what I take to be, the disservice of everyone.
_	It was attended by Damodar Raja Narasimha, Deputy Chief minister of the state, central ministers, state ministers, MPs and MLAs who expressed the confidence that their party leadership will create the separate state soon and said that Congress will perform well in the next elections in such a situation.
_	This is because services are an enterprise resource, i.e. giving the confidence that they conform to certain standards and could be reused within multiple solutions, so in order to remain such a resource, they must emerge from a process to which these principles have been applied consistently, as an inconsistent application would result in services that are not compatible with each other, resulting in loss of the fundamental service-orientation design characteristics.
_	He warns also that many disturbing thoughts are bound to try to distract the mind from its object and he advises patience and the confidence that they will subside.
_	Football pundit Alan Hansen called Arsenal his team of the season and believed their win was built on the experience of Adams and Seaman; of the former he wrote: "Adams was also able to operate with the confidence that his goalkeeper was never going to make any mistakes."
_	Although mutation rate calibrations using fossil data is impossible here, many studies have demonstrated the confidence that molecular data can provide reasonable estimates of divergence time.
_	Although the ostensible purpose of the trip was to visit her mother, Bertha Benz had other motives — to prove to her husband, who had failed to adequately consider marketing his invention, that the automobile in which they both had heavily invested would become a financial success once it was shown to be useful to the general public; and to give her husband the confidence that his constructions had a future.
_	These confirmations have given paleoclimatologists the confidence that they can measure the temperature of 500 years ago.
_	Courtiers, jealous of the authority of the bishop and the confidence that was accorded him by the Empress, long meditated his ruin and found a way to turn the heart of the weak monarch to jealousy which piety, talents, the eminent qualities of his wife, and twenty-five years of constantly happy marriage were powerless to stop.
_	Banknotes were originally a claim for the coins held by the bank, but due to the ease with which they could be transferred and the confidence that people had in the capacity of the bank to settle the notes in coin if presented, they became a popular means of exchange in their own right.
_	Having witnessed his own symbolic death, the new candidate was thus made acutely aware both of the importance of his own support of families of maimed or fallen brothers in their time of need as well as the confidence that his own family would be provided for should he himself fall to misfortune.
_	Arosemena's ascent to power bolstered the confidence that the country had started to enjoy since the beginning of Yerovi's short administration, so that national and foreign investors brought capital and began important negotiations that led to national development.
_	He added the slider on promotion to Reading in 1972 and claimed that Bunning gave him "the confidence that I can get it over any time I need to".
_	To him, the ultimate display of courage is through the martyr, who is “required to patiently persevere, since they have the confidence that enduring wrong is the gift of charity."
_	When the priest stood by his principles, Doneraile horse-whipped him, secure in the confidence that a jury of the time would not convict a Protestant on charges brought forward by a Catholic.
_	Her Emma gives you the confidence that any mischief she may get into can probably be undone."
_	These goals would normally be contradictory, but the CYCLAN system gave all involved the confidence that these could be met.
_	Following Biya's appointment of the members of the National Elections Observatory (NEO) on 10 October 2001, Owona, speaking on behalf of the RDPC, praised Biya's choices as wise and called on the members of the NEO to justify the confidence that was placed in them.
_	Powell was persistent, he infused enthusiasm in his dealings, and he instilled in his fellow researchers the confidence that—he had something to offer in the confusing world of the Orchidaceae.
_	Livy believed that there had been a moral decline in Rome, and he lacked the confidence that Augustus could reverse it.
_	Expressed mathematically, the following formula gives the confidence that a result is not by random chance by Sackett:
_	The appointment of Marcellinus to this position suggests that, even if he had been in Egypt during the Palmyrene takeover, his apparent readiness to come to terms with Zenobia's regime there had not served to undermine the confidence that Aurelian must have had in him as the man he could trust to act as his viceroy in the East.
_	“The vital enjoyment of rhythmic movement and the confidence that it gives; the ability to hear, understand and express music in movement; [and] the call made on the pupil to improvise and develop freely his own ideas.
_	This gives the service consumers the confidence that they are accessing the functionality through the correct service.
_	The benefit was now more than just beauty itself; it expanded to be about the confidence that comes from beautiful skin.
_	Therefore, this coverage is generally used as a prevent defense to be used near the end of a game or half, meaning that the defense sacrifices the run and short pass to avoid giving up the big play with the confidence that the clock will soon expire.
_	the appellant must be put away for a long time, not only to protect society against a man who has no conscience in respect of people who lend him money or to whom he owes money, but also as punishment for crimes committed over an extended period and as a warning to businessmen who might feel inclined to abuse the confidence that must necessarily exist in a civilised state in the field of business and industry, particularly when substantial credit is required and when the credit is given on the strength of accounts that carry signed audit certificates.
_	Dan will give the participants a head to toe transformation to help them look and feel better about themselves and to gain the confidence that they need to achieve their goal.
_	Despite the repercussions of "Hollywood Undressed", Sylvia continued to give her opinion on Hollywood and its denizens, with the confidence that her clients needed her more than she needed them:
_	The explanation of these findings may be that children of caste-like minorities, due to the systemic limitations of their prospects of social advancement, do not have "effort optimism", i.e. they do not have the confidence that acquiring the skills valued by majority society, such as those skills measured by IQ tests, is worthwhile.
_	He influenced colleagues because of the confidence that most had in him as well as through his own ability to express his ideas.
_	According to Hinton, "When I see a really great painting, I see the connection between the confidence that went into making the mark, and how that is portraying a particular image.
_	Debeney described the statue at its unveiling in 1926 as “the effigy of the conqueror of the Somme”, who had “reawakened the spirit of the offensive in our army and given it the confidence that success would follow from careful preparation and bold execution”.
_	The campaign was a disaster for the ARVN, demonstrating deficiencies in ARVN military leaders and that the best units of the ARVN could be defeated by PAVN and destroying the confidence that had been built up over the previous three years.
_	We accept the evidence of the residents appearing for the council who purchased because the minimum lot size gave them the confidence that the rural amenity they so valued would be protected.
_	Davutoğlu's speech contained harsh criticism for the 2013-14 anti government protests as well as the 2013 corruption scandal, claiming that their main aim was to damage the confidence that the AKP had given the people of Turkey while in government.
_	Batman allows Joker and the rest of his rogues gallery to temporarily escape with the confidence that whenever they return, they will be no match for the Batman family.
_	People tolerated the extra work because of patriotism, the pay, and the confidence that it was only "for the duration", and life would return to normal as soon as the war was won.
_	“It is with the confidence that an alert, constructive-spirited newspaper, distinctive in format and devoting itself resolutely in its news and editorial columns to making Pacific Palisades the business, banking, school and religious center of the north shore section...will meet with a hearty welcome from the residents of Pacific Palisades and the surrounding sections that the publisher herewith presents the first issue of The Palisadian,” Work wrote in his front-page introduction.
_	Coué recommended that patients take medicines with the confidence that they would be completely cured very soon, and healing would be optimal.
_	The case established Nintendo as a major player in the industry and arguably gave the company the confidence that it could compete with the giants of American media.
_	The Wall Street Journal touted the record as "“one of the years best albums.”," and Pitchfork proclaimed "“...slack verses with palm-muted guitars give way to a monster chorus delivered with the confidence that tells you Guards know they have a hit on their hands.”"
_	Ours is a transitional age, a time without the confidence that we can return to any past we have known and with no confidence in any path to a desirable, attainable or sustainable future.
_	They also believed sly grogging had become an issue, communities with people suffering from FASD needed help, and if the restrictions were lifted, all of the confidence that now existed in the community would be ‘stripped away’.
_	Bachman, despite possessing the confidence that Hendriks lacks, seeks parties and drug use rather than sharing his experiences after he sold his application "Aviato".
_	"I am so happy with my performance in this tournament, I never expected to beat the top players at such a young age but now I have the confidence that I can, and I am hungry to go on court with the top player."
_	She writes, "The impression is that Jack finds confidence in private places: it is not necessary to explain to anyone what is good for him and his family; just shutting his eyes and cutting himself off from the external world gives him the confidence that his choice is – and eventually was – the right one."
_	The solo shows gave him the confidence that he was doing the right thing.
_	He refused to sigh a long-term contract with Uni-President Lions, having the confidence that he will perform better next season.
_	No scripture, other than Philippians 1:23–25 (in which the apostle expresses the confidence that on departure from this life he would be with Christ), 2 Corinthians 12:2–4 (in which he affirms the possibility of being taken to paradise out of the body), 2 Corinthians 5:8, etc., accounts for a disembodied soul and its comfort or torture.
_	States act in the confidence that their cooperative actions will be repaid in the long term instead of seeking for the immediate benefit, so reciprocal altruism can be seen as generally accepted standards in international relations.
_	Because knocking relies on the confidence that the player will not have the lowest score, a skilled player may memorise which suits the other players are discarding.
_	Moreover, her insistence that excavation proceed in narrow trenches denies us, when we use the Jericho reports, the confidence that her loci, and the pottery assemblages that go with them, represent understandable human activity patterns over coherently connected living areas.
_	It entails the confidence that the employee is adhering to the common-law duty to act in good faith towards and in the best interests of the business.
_	I am honored and I appreciate deeply the confidence that Arte has shown in not only myself, but the job that we're doing as an organization."
_	He was very passionate about his work [and] his enthusiasm gave me the confidence that I could pull [the song] off."
_	According to Palicha, Unni Mukundan as Shahjahan "does full justice to the confidence that the director has reposed in him."
_	Finally, amidst all the darkness of their country's horizon, Laon and Cythna died, without fear, the death of heroic martyrdom, burned alive at the stake, gathering consolation, in the last pangs of their expiring nature, from the hope and the confidence that their faith and example might yet raise up successors to their labours, and that they had neither lived nor died in vain.
_	He had the confidence that Francisco Verdugo together with other Spanish commanders would provide the relief of the city.
_	We have increased firearms training and defensive tactics training, because we want to create strong, effective police officers who have the confidence that they don't [need] to behave in an intimidating manner.
_	It also looks attractive and the excellent build quality gives you the confidence that it's built to last."
_	The "specificity" (the confidence that a lesion is cancerous and not a false positive) is only fair ('modest'), (or 37%-97%) thus a "positive" finding by MRI should not be interpreted as a definitive diagnosis.
_	In 1998, according to an official statement of Julio Carrizosa, "The equity of Granahorrar Bank was worth 220,000 million pesos - more than 120 million dollars - and, in spite of the difficulties of liquidity that the entity suffered for some months, [it] had the confidence that the crisis would be overcome, because all the indicators were optimal and Granahorrar [Bank] was listed as the seventh entity in size of the financial system, with 1,600,000 clients, and 2.5 trillion pesos in assets".
_	Instead, he makes much of the confidence that the Byzantine troops had gained from their earlier success at Mosynopolis, and the loss of morale the Normans had suffered for the same reason.
_	Observers felt that the team performed as though they had lost the confidence that they could score points when they needed to.
_	Newly practicing attorney Ruby Ann Wilkes, seasoned private-eye Jacob Marley, and intuitive adoptive uncle Joe Benton work to outwit Nashville police detective Patrick O’Shields to prove Randall's innocence — and help him regain the confidence that has been erased by a lifetime of loss.
_	This plus a win in Pro 600 and Superbike at the season end RACE regional against Honda’s #1 rider gave Jordan the confidence that he can not only run with the fast guys, but also beat them.
_	By applying the service loose coupling principle, a service could be recomposed with the confidence that it would not create any form of negative coupling with the other service in the composition.
_	Géminiani had the confidence that Bobet lacked.
_	With the confidence that Korean films can compete against Hollywood films, other blockbuster films started to come out.
_	The confidence that the unseen space is longer than 20 feet is directly analogous to the confidence that the human race will become more than 20 times as numerous as it has been.
_	It is true that the consumption of imported meat makes such renunciation [of meat-eating] dispensable; however, due to the fact that in this case, personal contact with the butcher and the confidence that goes with such contact do not exist, the consumption of imported meat is fraught with the insecurity whether the meat really complies with the commandments of Islam...
_	The Wall Street Journal touted the record as "“one of the years best albums.”," and Pitchfork proclaimed "“...slack verses with palm-muted guitars give way to a monster chorus delivered with the confidence that tells you Guards know they have a hit on their hands.”".
_	To elect this man shows the confidence that the country has in the majority of good Muslim people.
_	The degree to which the self-talk supports the message and the confidence that recipients express in the validity of that self-talk further support the cognitive response model.
_	The sealing of the Spirit granted to individual believers the confidence that God was their Father and that they were truly converted.
_	The special facts, upon which the contingent chance is to be computed, lie most commonly in the knowledge of the insured only; the underwriter trusts to his representation and proceeds upon the confidence that he does not keep back any circumstance in his knowledge, to mislead the underwriter into a belief that the circumstance does not exist, and to induce him to estimate the risque as if it did not exist.
_	This gave potential landlords and lenders the confidence that tenants would only reside in the property for a fixed period.
_	The award brought international attention to Czech-born composer, who favorably recalled, "You have the confidence that what you are doing is somehow rewarded.
