_	Alhazen's work included the conjecture that "Light travels through transparent bodies in straight lines only", which he was able to corroborate only after years of effort.
_	In 1902, Henri Poincaré published a collection of essays titled "Science and Hypothesis", which included: detailed philosophical discussions on the relativity of space, time, and on the conventionality of distant simultaneity; the conjecture that a violation of the relativity principle can never be detected; the possible non-existence of the aether, together with some arguments supporting the aether; and many remarks on non-Euclidean vs. Euclidean geometry.
_	The proximity of Khentkaus' pyramid complex to that of King Menkaure has led to the conjecture that she may have been his daughter.
_	Seese also conjectured that every family of graphs with a decidable MSO satisfiability problem must have bounded clique-width; this has not been proven, but a weakening of the conjecture that replaces MSO by CMSO is true.
_	Ref. 3b sets the grounds for the conjecture that inflation stabilization is especially hard to achieve and enhances social costs if policymakers cannot convey a credible message that they are willing and able to implement the necessary policies to secure lower and more stable inflation.
_	Physicists studying string theory have discovered a number of these dualities between different versions of string theory, and this has led to the conjecture that all consistent versions of string theory are subsumed in a single framework known as M-theory.
_	Derrick describes some possible ways out of this difficulty, including the conjecture that "Elementary particles might correspond to stable, localized solutions which are periodic in time, rather than time-independent."
_	DNA analysis conducted in 2013 has disproved the conjecture that the Dark Countess was the true Princess Marie Thérèse Charlotte of France.
_	There does not seem much probability in the conjecture that the monks and other ecclesiastics succeeded in suppressing that portion of the work in which the evil influences of their body were to be more especially touched upon.
_	This supports the conjecture that the variations were due to an increasing "crustal" component in subducted sediments as the continental blocks in the north were approached (China and Taiwan).
_	Although the truth of this conjecture remains unknown, it is equivalent, by the Euclid–Euler theorem, to the conjecture that there are infinitely many even perfect numbers.
_	Some months later, FitzGerald published the conjecture that bodies in motion are being contracted, in order to explain the baffling outcome of the 1887 aether-wind experiment of Michelson and Morley.
_	Some support the conjecture that Tugarin's name derives from "Tugar-Khan", or Tugor-Khan, of the Turkic [[Polovtsi|Polovets]], but this etymology has been discounted by later commentators.
_	In particular it implies the conjecture that Siegel zeros (zeros of "L"-functions between 1/2 and 1) do not exist.
_	These features of the temple support the conjecture that the temple is dedicated to the goddess Durga (Mahishamardini).
_	It has no zeros in the left halfplane besides at all even integers along the negative real line, and the Riemann hypothesis is the conjecture that all other zeros are along .
_	It is a necessary part of the conjecture that the cubes in the tiling all be congruent to each other, for if similar but not congruent cubes are allowed then the Pythagorean tiling would form a trivial counterexample in two dimensions.
_	Fragments of ceramic tobacco pipes and tableware of a sort used around 1820 tended to support the conjecture that the site was actually Engineer Cantonment.
_	Two classical problems of this type are the Goldbach conjecture (which is the conjecture that 2"P" contains all even numbers greater than two, where "P" is the set of primes) and Waring's problem (which asks how large must "h" be to guarantee that "hA" contains all positive integers, where
_	Joscelyn reasserted the conjecture that Saddam Hussein had a cooperative relationship with al-Qaeda.
_	The Hauptvermutung (German for main conjecture) of geometric topology is the conjecture that any two triangulations of a triangulable space have a common refinement, a single triangulation that is a subdivision of both of them.
_	In geometry, Keller's conjecture is the conjecture that in any tiling of Euclidean space by identical hypercubes there are two cubes that meet face to face.
_	Ref. 2 & 4 are two outstanding examples of Calvo's research inspired by the conjecture that salient macro phenomena could be rooted in frictions within firms, a conjecture linked to the pioneering papers by Edmund Phelps et al.
_	This is based on the conjecture that because the recorded examples of Chinese music are ceremonial, and the ceremonies in which they were employed are thought to have existed "perhaps more than one thousand years before Christ", the musical compositions themselves were performed, even in 1000 BC, in precisely the manner prescribed by the sources that were written down in the seventh century AD.
_	There is widespread evidence supporting the conjecture that borrowing constraints may be important determinants of firm growth and survival.
_	According to E.A. Thompson, the conjecture that connects the Agathyrsi with Akatziri should be rejected outright.
_	Extending the conjecture that there exist infinitely many Sophie Germain primes, it has also been conjectured that arbitrarily long Cunningham chains exist, although infinite chains are known to be impossible.
_	That would follow from the conjecture that the Tate–Shafarevich group is finite, or from the related Birch–Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture.
_	Bélády, Nelson and Shedler constructed reference strings for which FIFO page replacement algorithm produced nearly twice as many page faults in a larger memory than in a smaller one and they formulated the conjecture that 2 is a general bound.
_	A study of echidnas in New England (New South Wales) has shown that they tend to dig up scarab beetle larvae in spring when the prey are active, but eschew this prey when it is inactive, leading to the conjecture that echidnas detect prey using hearing.
_	Five years later, he and Sierpiński proposed the conjecture that 78,557 is the smallest Sierpinski number, and thus the answer to the Sierpinski problem.
_	In these truncated models the dynamics are simpler, allowing a precise statement of the conjecture that could be proven.
_	This would mean that there would be many projectively equivalent copies of such a hyperoval, but general searches to date have found none, giving credence to the conjecture that there are no others in this plane.
_	The first to dispute its unity was Ernest Renan ("Histoire Générale des Langues Sémitiques", p. iii.); and the conjecture that the song consists of sayings originating in different periods gains more and more credence (J. P. N. Land, "Disputatio de Carmine Jacobi", 1857; Kuenen, Holzinger, and others).
_	Alternatively, strengthenings of the conjecture that involve colorings of the cycles in the cover have also been considered.
_	In algebra the Dixmier conjecture, asked by Jacques Dixmier in 1968, is the conjecture that any endomorphism of a Weyl algebra is an automorphism.
_	A null hypothesis is the conjecture that the statistical hypothesis is false; for example, that the new drug does nothing and that any cure is caused by chance.
_	One cause was the discovery in 1982 by Celso Costa of a surface that disproved the conjecture that the plane, the catenoid, and the helicoid are the only complete embedded minimal surfaces in R of finite topological type.
_	He attributes to Noga Alon the conjecture that, for any ε > 0, with high probability, random permutations of length "k"/(4 −ε) will be "k"-superpatterns.
_	Euler later extended this to the conjecture that
_	Gilbert Baumslag was led to the study of parafree groups in attempts to resolve the conjecture that a group of cohomological dimension one is free.
_	The frequency with which the printer's name appears as Este, taken in connection with the fact that he was chosen to introduce the Italian compositions into England, made it difficult to resist the conjecture that the printer was of Italian extraction.
_	This analysis supported the conjecture that the crime scene had been dressed-up after the murders.
_	He shows how the chance observations of a few results of the form 4 = 2 + 2, 6 = 3 + 3, 8 = 3 + 5, 10 = 3 + 7, etc., may prompt a sharp mind to formulate the conjecture that every even number greater than 4 can be represented as the sum of two odd prime numbers.
_	On this observation, Zunz based the conjecture that "this lost work of R. Nathan contained a large portion of his Mishnah, and was arranged in rubrics from one to forty-nine; so that each rubric, under the introductory formula "Middah," mentioned halakic, haggadic, and, in general, scientific subjects which belonged in that particular place in regard to number" ("G. V." 2d ed., pp. 95–97).
_	He made the conjecture that transposition
_	This would be consistent with the conjecture that Attalus' father had been Philetaerus' heir designate, but was succeeded by Eumenes, since Attalus I was too young when his father died.
_	Its name derives from the conjecture that the Venetian architect Giacomo Leoni designed it.
_	Another Hamas official discounted the conjecture that the Mossad was behind the killing because the Mossad is not brutal or reckless enough to kill him and dispose of the body in the way Ghanaja was by decapitation, placement of his severed body parts in a closet, and torching his apartment.
_	Alhazen's work included the conjecture that "Light travels through transparent bodies in straight lines only", which he was able to corroborate only after years of effort.
_	Perhaps the long apical tooth of "M. reina" is such an adaptation, strengthening the conjecture that it may be a social parasite.
_	According to author Philip Sugden in "The Complete History of Jack the Ripper", the conjecture that the Texas killer and Jack the Ripper were one and the same man originated in October 1888, when an editor with the "Atlanta Constitution" proposed this conjecture, following the murders of Stride and Eddowes by Jack the Ripper.
_	His 1895 Stockholm lectures end with the conjecture that
_	The painting reflects a link to Padovanino and, to some extent, Palma il Giovane, leading to the conjecture that Cosattini had at some point been an apprenticeship of the two painters or that he had closely followed their work and adopted it into his own style.
_	Traces of corrections that are still visible underneath the painted "Τ" have led to the conjecture that the painter originally wrote , with sampi for the σσ/ττ sound.
_	His coworkers and he obtained data on the collisional energy transfer process and used them to prove the conjecture that each collision involves only a small exchange of energy.
_	In 1830th the historians Frédéric Dubois de Montpéreux and N. Murzakevich made the conjecture that Vladimir the Great was baptized in this basilica.
_	All higher even numbers that have been checked are the sum of three or more pairs of primes; the conjecture that 68 is the largest number with this property is closely related to the Goldbach conjecture and like it remains unproven.
_	Popular among some theosophists, proponents of Afrocentric theories of history, and adherents of esoteric Christianity is the conjecture that "amen" is a derivative of the name of the Egyptian god Amun (which is sometimes also spelled Amen).
_	conjecture is the conjecture that the dimension of a certain bi-graded module of diagonal harmonics is "n"!.
_	Ore proved in 1951 that the alternating groups on five or more elements contained only commutators, and made the conjecture that this was so for all the finite non-abelian simple groups.
_	She never appears alongside the daughters of Nefertiti, leading to the conjecture that she must be the daughter of Akhenaten by another wife who may be Kiya.
_	By analyzing the behavior of the machines that had not halted within 21 steps, they succeeded in showing that none of those machines would ever halt, thus proving the conjecture that "S"(3) = 21, and determining that Σ(3) = 6 by the procedure just described.
_	The planted clique conjecture is the conjecture that there is no polynomial time algorithm that takes as input graphs produced by the planted clique process and distinguishes the ones with planted cliques from the ones that don't have planted cliques with probability significantly better than random chance.
_	Ulrich notes that the "Dead Sea Scrolls contain signs similar to those in the liturgical script of early Christian sects . . . strengthening the conjecture that a common musical heritage is shared by the people of related cultures . . ."
_	He shows how the chance observations of a few results of the form 4 = 2 + 2, 6 = 3 + 3, 8 = 3 + 5, 10 = 3 + 7, etc., may prompt a sharp mind to formulate the conjecture that every even number greater than 4 can be represented as the sum of two odd prime numbers.
_	The Whitehead conjecture is equivalent to the conjecture that every sub-presentation of an aspherical presentation is aspherical.
_	It appears to be unknown whether there exist infinitely many dihedral primes, but this would follow from the conjecture that there are infinitely many repunit primes.
_	Several longitudinal studies support the conjecture that peer groups significantly affect scholastic achievement, but relatively few studies have examined the effect peer groups have on tests of cognitive ability.
_	The word "ciconia" similarly can mean both "stork" and a type of machine, hence leading to the conjecture that the landmark was a derrick or crane for moving wine shipments from the Tiber for land transport; however, this usage appears to be found only in the dialect of Roman Spain, and means "shadoof," an irrigation apparatus.
_	This discovery provided crucial support for the conjecture that all string theories could arise as limits of a single higher-dimensional theory.
_	Nowadays, new dissections are still found (see illustration above) and the conjecture that 6 is the minimal number of necessary pieces remains unproved.
_	Furthermore, the mathematical techniques used to understand the connective constant, for example in the recent rigorous proof by Duminil-Copin and Smirnov that the connective constant of the hexagonal lattice has the precise value formula_1, may provide clues to a possible approach for attacking other important open problems in the study of self-avoiding walks, notably the conjecture that self-avoiding walks converge in the scaling limit to the Schramm–Loewner evolution.
_	An example of a pseudonormal Moore space that is not metrizable was given by , in connection with the conjecture that all normal Moore spaces are metrizable.
_	In brief, the Riemann hypothesis is equivalent to the conjecture that Λ ≤ 0.
_	The South American species is very similar to one of the New Zealand species, leading to the conjecture that it might have crossed the Pacific in the last 30 million years.
_	Harberger-Laursen-Metzler effect is the conjecture that a terms of trade deterioration will cause a decrease in savings and a deterioration of the current account.
_	Assuming the conjecture that probabilistic polynomial time (BPP) equals deterministic polynomial time (P), the word 'probabilistic' is optional in the complexity-theoretic Church–Turing thesis.
_	This discovery led to the conjecture that Leonardo painted two portraits of Lisa del Giocondo: the famous one in The Louvre, and the one discovered by Blaker, who bought the painting and took it to his studio in Isleworth, London, from which it takes its name.
_	"Natural History of Intelligence", a 2005 paper by Gregory Cochran, Jason Hardy, and Henry Harpending, put forth the conjecture that the unique conditions under which Ashkenazi Jews lived in medieval Europe selected for high verbal and mathematical intelligence but not spatial intelligence.
_	When the authors conducted a Gedankenexperiment (German for a thought-experiment) that allowed them to compare the Darwinian and Lamarckian “modalities,” and test the conjecture that each of them is tuned to a different type of selective pressure, they found that the main controlling parameter in the model appears to be the correlation a of the environmental fluctuations, with the Lamarckian modality systematically becoming more favorable when this correlation is large, in line with the intuition that transmitting acquired information is beneficial when the selective pressure experienced by the offspring is sufficiently similar to that experienced by the parents.
_	The exponential time hypothesis is the conjecture that, for every "k" > 2, "s" >
_	There is much probability in the conjecture that a will was only allowed to be made when the testator had no known gentile relatives, unless they had waived their rights.
_	Here the prize-problem consists, especially, in a proof of the conjecture that the lowest excitations of a pure Yang–Mills theory (i.e. without matter fields) have a finite mass-gap with regard to the vacuum state.
_	König provided evidence for the conjecture that the most common form of color blindness, dichromacy, is due to the absence of one cone type in the eye.
_	Some difficulties in explaining the observed spectroscopic features led to the conjecture that a third star may be present in the system; four decades later this conjecture was found to be correct.
_	For this reason, key generation protocols for these methods often rely on efficient algorithms for generating strong primes, which in turn rely on the conjecture that these primes have a sufficiently high density.
_	A version of the conjecture that uses the fractional chromatic number in place of the chromatic number is known to be true.
_	The Hauptvermutung (German for main conjecture) of geometric topology is the conjecture that any two triangulations of a triangulable space have a common refinement, a single triangulation that is a subdivision of both of them.
_	In these studies De Valois and his co-workers found support for the conjecture that the early visual system transmits pattern information using a local 2-D spatial frequency or wavelet coding.
_	Radiation hormesis is the conjecture that a low level of ionizing radiation (i.e., near the level of Earth's natural background radiation) helps "immunize" cells against DNA damage from other causes (such as free radicals or larger doses of ionizing radiation), and decreases the risk of cancer.
_	Hanegraaff puts forth the conjecture that Lazzarelli not only introduced da Correggio to Hermeticism, but may have also introduced him to alchemy sometime after 1495.
_	560 B.C. The building looked more like a shelter and thus it led to the conjecture that it hosted a precious and fragile ex voto, possibly the chariot with which Cleisthenes won at the first Pythian Games of 582 BC.
_	The spaces constructed by Navy are counterexamples to the conjecture that all para-Lindelöf spaces are paracompact.
_	Only the last would support the conjecture that it aimed to support the Gregorian mission to the Anglo-Saxons led by St Augustine, who encountered great difficulty with the native British Christians, as at the Synod of Chester.
_	It is this consequence, for any two primes not just 2 and 3, that Alaoglu and Erdős desired in their paper as it would imply the conjecture that the quotient of two consecutive colossally abundant numbers is prime, extending Ramanujan's results on the quotients of consecutive superior highly composite number.
_	Thus, the only case of the conjecture that remains unsolved is that of maximum degree six.
_	Throughout 2002 and 2003, Peterson co-operated with surf writer and "Tracks" editor, Sean Doherty, on a biography of his life, establishing veracity to the conjecture that had thus far defined the public's knowledge of the surfer's life.
_	However, Ruth Musser-Lopez reviewed historic and archaeological evidence concerning the "maze" and found strong support for the conjecture that the feature was originally created as a result of late-nineteenth-century gravel harvesting for railroad construction and thus unrelated to the Blythe geoglyphs.
_	The placement of a miniature, sixteen-armed image of a goddess on the central lintel of the entrance further supports the conjecture that the temple is dedicated to a goddess.
_	And yet, within four years, joint Afghan-British demarcation teams had completed detailed demarcation surveys and demarcation text for most of the Durand Line (see above), contrary to the conjecture that the 1893 agreement was of the form of an "executory clause", similar to those pertaining to trade agreements, which are ongoing and can be repudiated by either party at any time.
_	Pisani also argued against the conjecture that the Frati Gaudenti fraternity, of which Enrico Scrovegni was a member, influenced the content of Giotto's fresco cycle.
_	Linguistic study has led to the conjecture that initially the complete poem was transmitted orally, then in a lost manuscript in the East Saxon dialect and now survives as a fragment in the West Saxon form, possibly that of a scribe active at the Monastery of Worcester late in the 11th century.
_	Seese also conjectured that every family of graphs with a decidable MSO satisfiability problem must have bounded clique-width; this has not been proven, but a weakening of the conjecture that extends MSO with modular counting predicates is true.
_	The arguments used to reach this conclusion have also been extended to IQP Sampling, where only the conjecture that the average- and worst-case complexities of the problem are the same is needed.
_	Several longitudinal studies support the conjecture that peer groups significantly affect scholastic achievement, but relatively few studies have examined the effect on tests of cognitive ability.
_	The "playful and sometimes outlandish verses" have led to the conjecture that it first spread as a children's song and via play parties.
_	A.H. Christie said in 1979 that “the presence of objects, however few in number, from the Roman Orient” added some weight to the conjecture that Óc-eo was the Ptolemaic Kattigara.
_	The membership concept was centered on the conjecture that Americans, because of their rampant individualistic lifestyle had a subconscious need to belong to some group, or club, which gave them a sense of belonging.
_	Then "N" is normal in "G" and the factor group "G"/"N" has the cosets "N", (1+"n")"N", (1+"n")N, ..., (1+"n")N. The Paillier cryptosystem is based on the conjecture that it is difficult to determine the coset of a random element of "G" without knowing the factorization of "n".
_	Several huge stones were found in the ship's interior, leading to the conjecture that a person had been buried with the ship.
_	These findings provide support for the conjecture that it represents a genetic risk marker for schizophrenia-spectrum disorders.
_	In particular, Barnette's conjecture on the Hamiltonicity of cubic bipartite polyhedral graphs is equivalent to the conjecture that every Eulerian maximal planar graph can be partitioned into two induced trees.
_	A stronger version of the circular embedding conjecture that has also been considered is the conjecture that every biconnected graph has a circular embedding on an orientable manifold.
_	In terms of the cycle double cover conjecture, this is equivalent to the conjecture that there exists a cycle double cover, and an orientation for each of the cycles in the cover, such that for every edge "e" the two cycles that cover "e" are oriented in opposite directions through "e".
_	The Supreme Court defended this sentence in retrospect with the conjecture that the Germans would never accept their decrees being contested and might have intervened in a negative way with the legal establishment, resulting in a further diminishing of citizens' legal protection.
_	This led to the resolution of the conjecture that connected limit sets of finitely generated Kleinian groups are locally connected.
_	This has led to the conjecture that ASMR might be related to the act of grooming.
