_	Instead, many activists in the trans community objected to the contention that their transition was sexually motivated.
_	Evidence instead promotes the contention that El Paraíso was either an economic or religious centre, and possibly both.
_	Griffith CJ suggested that there was no material difference between this provision and the Tenth Amendment, but Nicholls argued that section 107 was far clearer, and further suggested that "the contention that the implied powers of the Commonwealth can over-ride State laws seems hardly consistent with it."
_	In the district court, the Florida Bar had submitted a 106-page report containing "statistical and anecdotal" evidence supporting the contention that the public views direct-mail solicitations from lawyers soon after an accident as intrusive.
_	However, Harry Reid brushed aside such remarks with the contention that transport to a central site increases risks.
_	This ranged from assertions that he had mislabeled lolicon as child pornography to the contention that his actions were an attack on the Wikimedia Foundation, caused by his history with Wikipedia and his own competing online encyclopedia, Citizendium.
_	Justice Souter devoted his concurring opinion to a historical analysis, rebutting the contention that the government could endorse nonsectarian prayers.
_	Animal and human studies and clinical experience back up the contention that morphine is one of the most euphoric drugs known, and via all but the IV route heroin and morphine cannot be distinguished according to studies because heroin is a prodrug for the delivery of systemic morphine.
_	The strongest criticism against all such codes of Jewish law is the contention that they inherently violate the principle that halakha must be decided according to the "later" sages; this principle is commonly known as "hilkheta ke-vatra'ei" ("the "halakha" follows the later ones").
_	Some critics of the campaign dispute the contention that the presently proposed policies would or could lead to abuses similar to those perpetrated by the Stasi.
_	Furthermore, the Attorney-General disagreed with the contention that the mandatory death penalty violates any customary international law prohibition against inhuman punishment.
_	Gay author Ian Lumsden has claimed that since 1986 there is "little evidence to support the contention that the persecution of homosexuals remains a matter of state policy".
_	Rabbi Lipkin wrote to the rabbis and community leaders urging them to keep lists of recruits, so as to leave no pretext for the contention that the Jews shirked such service.
_	Among the serious points, Nussbaum counts the contention that Thapar has not paid attention to the non-religious motivations of Mahmud of Ghazni in desecrating Hindu temples.
_	Other analysts support the contention that the crisis in commercial real estate and related lending took place "after" the crisis in residential real estate.
_	During the 2000s, several retrospective accounts of the controversy reiterated the contention that McCain was included in the investigation primarily so that there would be at least one Republican target.
_	This would seem to lend support to the contention that the formation of the modern state of Israel is the beginning of the redemption".
_	Other analysts support the contention that the crisis in commercial real estate and related lending took place "after" the crisis in residential real estate.
_	The project is based on the contention that, in spite of the billions of dollars spent on global challenges by the United Nations, the governments of wealthy nations, foundations, charities, and non-governmental organizations, the money spent on problems such as malnutrition and climate change is not sufficient to meet many internationally agreed targets.
_	Moreover, the Court did not accept the contention that customary international law should be conferred constitutional status by being read into the meaning of "law" in Article 9(1) as this is clearly not in accordance with the normal hierarchy of Singapore law.
_	The "manducatio indignorum" is the contention that even unbelievers eating and drinking in the Eucharist really eat and drink the body and blood of Christ.
_	The court rejected the contention that "the Nation lacks a tradition of exempting for-profit corporations from generally applicable laws," pointing to a federal statute from 1993 that exempted any covered health care entity from engaging in "certain activities related to abortion".
_	The Court held that there is a lack of extensive and uniform state practice that supports the contention that customary international law prohibits the mandatory death penalty as an inhuman punishment.
_	In 1964, the Warren Commission concluded that Oswald had acted alone and that no credible evidence supported the contention that he was involved in a conspiracy to assassinate the president.
_	These events and their consequences would eventually come to be considered historical by many later chroniclers and historians, however, most modern historians reject the contention that this episode actually took place.
_	The deficiencies [in the textual integrity] support the contention that Umar was not the originator of the document."
_	The Court rejected the contention that the Commissioner by the First Report made findings which directly and adversely affected the interests of the applicants.
_	The Court also rejected the contention that the First Report shows that the Commissioner was, or could reasonably be apprehended to be, so committed to conclusions which he had already formed that he would be incapable of altering those conclusions.
_	This ruling has been criticized on many grounds, including the contention that it places unnecessary burdens on investment advisers and would not have prevented the major accounting scandals of the early 2000s.
_	Representative standing was accorded despite the contention that, unlike Greenpeace, neither the applicant nor its members had any direct personal interest in the case, and were merely seeking to act in the interest of potential overseas aid recipients.
_	A decision of the High Court at Dublin in 1900 ("Squire v. Sweeney") strengthened the inspectors in investigation of offences committed amongst outworkers by supporting the contention that inquiry and exercise of all the powers of an. inspector could legally take place in parts of an employer's premises other than those in which the work is given out.
_	A related decision, "Yong Vui Kong v. Public Prosecutor" (2010), apparently rejected the contention that Article 9(1) entitles courts to examine the substantive fairness of legislation, though it asserted a judicial discretion to reject bills of attainder and absurd or arbitrary legislation.
_	In 1971 , a Swedish theologian and pastor, included in his doctoral dissertation the contention that Saliger was "doctrinally correct" in terms of the mainstream beliefs of Lutherans in the first part of the sixteenth century.
_	Eugene IV's action gave some weight to the contention that the Curia was opposed to any authentic measures of reform.
_	He disputed the contention that North Korea had cheated on the October 1994 Agreed Framework.
_	The idea of a proximate cause was expressed negatively in "R v Mubila", with the statement that there must be no "novus actus interveniens" between X's conduct and Y's death, as well as positively, in the contention that Y's death must follow directly from X's conduct.
_	He at once revived his scheme for the seminary at Downside, and, having failed to secure the consent of the monks, he put forward the contention that the monasteries at Downside and Ampleforth had never been canonically erected, for, owing to the unsettled condition of the English mission, the formality of obtaining the written consent of the ordinary had been overlooked.
_	It has been referred to as a "profound and far-reaching" decision, noting in particular that "the contention that a PECO structure gives effective limited recourse is now discredited."
_	Rechiar was almost certainly not raised Christian, though some scholars have raised the contention that his father raised him that way in order to foster good relations with the Church and bring about the easy conversion of the Suevi.
_	It further concluded that although the British public had not been explicitly asked whether they wanted commercial radio, there was no evidence to support the contention that they wanted it.
_	Voltaire's critique concerns not the nature of the Pascalian wager as proof of God's existence, but the contention that the very belief Pascal tried to promote is not convincing.
_	The purpose of "Tract 90", in common with so many others in the series, was to establish the contention that the fundamental ecclesiological identity of the Church of England was Catholic rather than Protestant.
_	First, the defendant must present reasons that support the contention that the prosecutor's peremptory challenges were based on race.
_	David Gordon notes, "When most people speak of natural law, what they have in mind is the contention that morality can be derived from human nature.
_	The imperial records, written communications between Gian and Định, and the account of the southern insurgency written by a resistance figure named Nguyen Thong support the contention that Định's guerrillas operated independently of Huế and in violation of its orders.
_	This added weight to the contention that they were dark with soot and not reflective.
_	After reading the work of Paul Thompson and Nafeez Ahmed, he became convinced that there was a "prima facie" case for the contention that there must have been complicity from individuals within the United States and joined the 9/11 Truth Movement in calling for an extensive investigation from the United States media, Congress and the 9/11 Commission.
_	Some scientists regard with skepticism the contention that Megalania was the only, or even principal, predator of the Australian Pleistocene megafauna.
_	The position (1) of hard determinism adds to the table the contention that "D" implies "FW" is untrue, and the position (2) of libertarianism adds the contention that "FW" implies "D" is untrue.
_	The official evidence against him depended overwhelmingly on the contention that his handwriting matched that on the "bordereau".
_	In relation to Wexford, as with his Siege of Drogheda, the contention that Cromwell massacred civilians is disputed.
_	Budak disputes the contention that the institution of chaplain as a court scribe did not exist in the 9th century, stating that it is known in Bavaria in the 8th century and that it was accepted by Carolingian dynasty.
_	His fame rested on the contention that he saved Rome from Spurius Maelius in 439 BC by killing him with a dagger concealed under an armpit.
_	The defining common ground is the contention that "the crises of contemporary liberal capitalist societies—ecological degradation, financial turmoil, the loss of trust in the political class, exploding inequality—are systemic; interlinked, not amenable to legislative reform, and requiring 'revolutionary' solutions".
_	He has argued that the contention that the mind consists of thousands of modules, including sexually dimorphic jealousy and parental investment modules, are unsupported by the available empirical evidence.
_	Among the many complaints by Jersey City officials was the contention that the water served to the city was not "pure and wholesome" as required by the contract.
_	His version supports the contention that Brian died while praying in his tent.
_	The single judge rejected the contention that to appear before the Patent Office, advocates required additional specific science/technical qualification such as B.Tech in Information Technology etc.
_	Traditionists, on the other hand, held the numerous hadith support the contention that Qur’an was co-eternal with God and hence, uncreated.
_	From Palamas's time until the 20th century, Western theologians generally rejected the contention that, in the case of God, the distinction between essence and energies is real rather than notional (in the mind).
_	The song was criticized for its apparently sexually suggestive lyric and the contention that Downey allegedly took payola for the song, an allegation which was never proven.
_	The defendant replied to the charges with the contention that the tying arrangement was necessary to control the quality of salt being used in its machines and claimed that salt not meeting certain standards would damage the machines.
_	He eventually won his release in a subsequent hearing, while "acting as his own attorney, Patric based his defense on the contention that he had always been a screwball", wrote Jack O'Donnell of "The Herald" (Everett, Washington).
_	The book introduced the contention that debris which was recovered by Marcel at the Foster ranch, visible in photographs showing Marcel posing with the debris, was substituted for debris from a weather device as part of a cover-up.
_	Other analysts support the contention that the crisis in commercial real estate and related lending took place "after" the crisis in residential real estate.
_	On April 5, 1987, over a half century later, the "Chicago Sun-Times" refuted the contention that the Hull House Boys were of Irish ancestry.
_	It agreed with the contention that removing life support devices was identical to requesting physician-assisted euthanasia, and thereby reversed the lower court's finding.
_	Other analysts support the contention that the crisis in commercial real estate and related lending took place "after" the crisis in residential real estate.
_	The Plaintiff was relying on the decision in "Brookfield Communications, Inc. v. West Coast Entertainment Corp.", to support the contention that the Defendant's use of Playboy trademark in her web site infringes on its trademark by causing likelihood of confusion shown on the basis of initial interest confusion.
_	It supports the contention that Mead's research was essentially correct, and concludes that Freeman cherry-picked his data and misrepresented both Mead and Samoan culture.
_	A black fraternal society, the Order of Galilean Fisherman, raised money to defend the miners in federal court, and the defense built its case on the contention that the men acted in self-defense or in the heat of passion, and that the United States did not have jurisdiction over the island.
_	The evidence also supported the contention that the housing and transportation activities were well within the agents implied authority—based on Case Farms’ unique recruiting challenges, the great distances the migrant workers sought were required to travel, and Case Farms outsourcing of this difficult recruiting task to ATC.
_	A 2012 systematic review of the evidence concluded that: "The published literature does not support the contention that early intervention for psychosis reduces costs or achieves cost-effectiveness".
_	Later, Romilly Allen, as editor of "Archaeologia Cambrensis", commented that "the Cambrian Archaeological Association has always shown itself willing to receive advice courteously offered, but it can never admit the contention that the Society of Antiquaries has the right to send its officials to Wales to dictate how explorations should be conducted".
_	Optical gain measurements conducted in these materials also show values comparable to single crystal, supporting the contention that these materials could be suitable substitutes to single crystals in solid-state laser applications.
_	The decision on conferring these awards has been questioned by S. Radha in the High Court of Karnataka on the contention that the applications for these awards were accepted after the expiry of the deadline fixed by the government to receive entries.
_	Later, and equally unverified, is the contention that a certain "Comte de Sivrac" developed a "célérifère" in 1792, demonstrating it at the Palais-Royal in France.
_	The nature of the Sankt-Paul codex supports the contention that unfinished batches of annals were circulated in "libelli" (booklets) comprising single quires.
_	Nagel concludes with the contention that it would be wrong to assume that physicalism is incorrect, since that position is also imperfectly understood.
_	Some of his reasons for distrusting these steps included the contention that millions had overcome alcohol while remaining agnostic or atheist and that the necessity to accept belief in a Higher Power likely pushed more people away from the program than it drew in.
_	This supported the contention that light is composed of waves.
_	assurance is required to support the contention that due care has been exercised with
_	Supporters argued that it would strengthen the Union, as giving Scotland self-government would remove the contention that independence was the only way to obtain control over internal affairs.
_	"Per contra", Kriegler J (Langa DP, Mokgoro J, Sachs J and Yacoob J concurring) held, firstly, that the attack on the imposition of the levy based on the contention that it fell foul of the requirement of section 178(2) of the interim Constitution, because it was not "based on a uniform structure for its area of jurisdiction," could not succeed.
_	Individuals who knew Smith confirmed that he had a role in developing mixes for doughnuts and other pastries, but the contention that he developed the first process for making powdered sugar adhere to doughnuts cannot be substantiated.
_	As for the contention that a boy died in the house, all the indoor scenes were shot on a Toronto sound stage, and no kind of residential dwellings were used for interior filming.
_	A notable feature of the Tübingen paradigm is the contention that the unwritten doctrines are not unrelated to the written doctrines, rather there is a close and logical connection between them.
_	In the view of the Serbian clergy, it would serve to legitimize Serb claims to religious autonomy and partial self-administration in Austria-Hungary by upholding the contention that Serbs left their homeland at the behest of the Holy Roman Emperor to protect the Habsburg Monarchy's borders.
_	The principal thesis of the article was the contention that however unexpected and shocking the collusion between Hitler and Stalin in starting the Second World War might have been in the eyes of the world, their compact was in fact predictable.
_	A will contest, in the law of property, is a formal objection raised against the validity of a will, based on the contention that the will does not reflect the actual intent of the testator (the party who made the will) or that the will is otherwise invalid.
_	Jonathan H. Adler agreed, writing that while he personally has "long argued that the Senate should promptly consider and vote on every presidential judicial nominee, ... there is no textual or historical basis" for the contention that the Senate has a constitutional obligation to do so.
_	Phillips and Henry (1992) present logic supporting the contention that the red wolf is a subspecies of gray wolf.
_	Severson ran for Secretary of State on the contention that there was widespread fraud in the recount of the 2008 Senate election and a requirement that voters show a Photo ID to vote.
_	Typical political discussion of the day included the contention that Vogler was a "spoiler," and that the result would have been different had he not been in the race, however Vogler ran on a conservative platform and perhaps if he hadn't run the margin of victory would have been larger for Republican Hammond.
_	Sound recordings made under controlled conditions in Mongolia in 1998 support the contention that the sounds are real.
_	We recognize that there is merit in the contention that in some isolated instances prison security and discipline necessitates segregation of the races for a limited period.
_	Although Laughton's bisexuality has been corroborated by several of his contemporaries and is generally accepted by Hollywood historians, actress Maureen O'Hara, a friend and co-star of Laughton, has disputed the contention that his sexuality was the reason Laughton and Lanchester did not have children.
_	The Commission claimed that there was no evidence to justify the contention that the kar sevaks had been fighting with Muslim vendors at stations before the incident as was alleged earlier, though there were some minor scuffles with three Muslim vendors on the Godhra platform.
_	The Court specifically rejected the contention that Arkansas' legislature and governor had the power to nullify the "Brown" decision.
_	The prominent German brain researcher Heinz Häfner has disagreed with the contention that there was clear evidence for Ludwig's insanity.
_	For instance, this new approach would disagree with the contention that some orthodox accounts start from the affirmation of distinction within the Godhead and argue toward unity, while other orthodox accounts start from the affirmation of unity within the Godhead and argue toward distinction.
_	Both intruders were destroyed by Auxiliaries (reservists), which raised the profile of the Auxiliary Air Force and confirmed the contention that they were just as effective as a regular squadron.
_	Whatever the perceived risk, this lack of ability to hit any moving ship does not support the contention that the German coastal batteries would have been a serious threat to fast destroyers or smaller warships.
_	There is, however, support for the contention that Rev. John was the son of Sir John's elder son Dean.
_	One argument is based on the contention that the legislatures of various states passed bills of ratification with different capitalization, spelling of words, or punctuation marks (e.g., semi-colons instead of commas) (see, e.g., "United States v. Thomas").
_	After considering both "Godfrey" and "Bunt", Yam J dismissed the contention that "Godfrey" was authority that all ISPs are publishers of all statements in their websites.
_	The campus community is divided over the contention that the mascot, looking like a confederate soldier, appears to be a symbol of racism.
_	Economists Robert Kuttner and Paul Krugman have supported the contention that the repeal of the Glass–Steagall Act contributing to the subprime meltdown although Krugman reversed himself several years late saying that repealing Glass-Steagall is "not what caused the financial crisis, which arose instead from 'shadow banks.'"
_	Geological examination of the Lherzolite xenolith bearing flows from the east Otago province with regard to the crystal fractionation of upper mantle magmas, results; "The limited data support the contention that the asthenosphere below southern New Zealand and western Antarctica is essentially homogeneous over a scale of hundreds of kilometres."
_	The litigation in the Carmichele case creates a strategy for bringing a precautionary suit against the state based on the contention that the state has a duty to protect persons with albinism from violent acts.
_	The heart of the taxation argument, Hughes finally concluded, rested on the contention that the business would automatically pass the cost of the tax on to the federal government, thus hindering the government in the provision of goods and services.
_	Robert Evan Kendell presents (in Schaler, 2005) a critique of Szasz's conception of disease and the contention that mental illness is "mythical" as presented in "The Myth of Mental Illness".
_	Researchers have also witnessed a previously-uninfected devil develop tumours from lesions caused by an infected devil's bites, supporting the contention that the disease is spread by allograft, with transmission via biting, scratching, and aggressive sexual activity between individuals.
_	If a provision of this character does not infringe s. 92 when applied to carriers, I can see no answer to the contention that a similar provision might be applied to all inter-State traders without any breach of s. 92.
_	On May 15, 2014, United States District Judge Richard M. Berman rejected the contention that D'Souza was singled out for prosecution, stating, "The court concludes the defendant has respectfully submitted no evidence he was selectively prosecuted."
_	A variation on the "show me the law" argument, the "there is no law requiring an income tax" argument, and the "IRS refuses to say what law makes U.S. citizens liable for income tax" argument is the contention that the IRS has an affirmative duty to respond to taxpayer demands for an answer as to why taxpayers must pay income taxes.
_	That court, after examining the police court's judgment and transcript, granted a stay, concluding that "there appears to be merit" in the contention that "there is no evidence upon which conviction and sentence by the Police Court could be based."
_	The court expressed negatively the idea of a proximate cause, with the statement that there must be no "novus actus interveniens" between X's conduct and Y's death; it also expressed it positively, in the contention that Y's death must follow directly from X's conduct.
_	The second line of cases involves the contention that Ohio was not a state in 1913 at the time of the ratification.
_	Directly addressing the contention that the tax is coercive, Justice Cardozo wrote:
_	The judge ruled that the contention that Mastro had put up the house as collateral in 2009 for a $1.2 million loan was a sham designed to keep the house away from the reach of other Mastro creditors.
_	Central to the book's thesis is the contention that those who wish to implement unpopular free market policies now routinely do so by taking advantage of certain features of the aftermath of major disasters, be they economic, political, military or natural.
_	Experimental work by several researchers has verified the geochemical characteristics of "slab melts" and the contention that melts can form from young and therefore warmer crust in subduction zones.
_	The reasons urged against the contention that the priestly legislation and the Elohistic narratives were separated by a space of 500 years were so strong as to induce Graf in an essay, "Die sogenannte Grundschrift des Pentateuchs", published shortly before his death, to regard the whole "Grundschrift" as post-exilic and as the latest portion of the Pentateuch.
_	Evaluation of a large body of the best available evidence simply does not support the contention that these phenomena exist."
_	Rimer LJ held there was nothing in TUPER 2006 regulation 4 to support the contention that the UK meant to give greater rights than those found in BTD 2001 article 3(1).
_	Recent evidence, however, has suggested against the contention that the use of psilocybin puts one at risk for developing long lasting mental disorders.
_	This reinforces the contention that black women played in integral leadership role within the PFASS.
_	J.L. Rosier, in "A Design for Treachery: The Unferth Intrigue", puts forth the contention that Unferth deliberately gave Beowulf a sword that he knew would fail, possibly for the purpose of preventing Beowulf from succeeding where Unferth himself failed.
_	It was based on improper procedure in admitting Burkhart's testimony as to the Smith bombing and again on the contention that the federal government did not have jurisdiction to try the case.
_	Razmadze and colleagues in their review of the EMCDDA's report supported the contention that incarcerating drug users is placing a large financial burden on states as well as doing more harm to drug users and their families.
_	On Burress's criticism of her inaccurate photo captioning, Chang disputed the contention that the caption was wrong.
_	"There was no evidential basis supporting the contention that Mr Abramovich was in a position to manipulate, or otherwise influence, President Putin, or officers in his administration, to exercise their powers in such a way as to enable Mr Abramovich to achieve his own commercial goals."
_	It has also been argued that the contention that finding a true economic equilibrium is not just hard but impossible for a central planner applies equally well to a market system.
_	Its claims are primarily hinged over the contention that the current Armenian territory was under the rule of various Turkic tribes, empires and khanates from the late medieval period until the Treaty of Turkmenchay signed after the Russo-Persian War, 1826-1828.
_	In Wisconsin v. Yoder, 406 U.S. 205 , the Court stressed the limited scope of Pierce, pointing out that it lent "no support to the contention that parents may replace state educational requirements with their own idiosyncratic views of what knowledge a child needs to be a productive and happy member of society" but rather "held simply that while a State may posit [educational] standards, it may not pre-empt the educational process by requiring children to attend public schools."
_	Her "discourteous" rejection of the singer's advances supports the contention that she is not.
_	Within Afrocentrism, claims were forwarded involving the contention that African civilizations were founding influences on such distant civilizations as the American Olmec and the Chinese Xia cultures.
_	Some sociologists and anthropologists have criticized the validity of research presented in support of the Westermarck effect and the contention that it serves as an ultimate demonstration for the viability of natural selection theory in explaining human behaviour.
_	Rushkoff conceived of Judaism as essentially an open-source religion which he understood as, "the contention that religion is not a pre-existing truth but an ongoing project.
_	we believe that the available evidence runs counter to the contention that the CRA contributed in any substantive way to the current mortgage crisis"
_	The argument is based on the contention that referential language is too vague for the specific message a poet expresses; he must "make up his language as he goes."
_	Archaeological evidence obtained from burial sites and settlements supports the contention that a portion of the native population continued to inhabit what was Roman Dacia.
_	However, the Associated Press uncovered no evidence to support the contention that Vincent, by forwarding an NFLPA e-mail to his business partner, used agents' personal information to build his financial services company.
_	Other analysts support the contention that the crisis in commercial real estate and related lending took place "after" the crisis in residential real estate.
_	Kennedy rejected their motion to drop the charges and the contention that their salaries were protected by the city's charter.
_	However, economist Michael Spagat "argue[s] that the contention that sanctions had caused the deaths of more than half a million children is [as were WMD claims] very likely to be wrong."
_	Maulvi Farooq challenged the contention that there was no longer a dispute on Kashmir.
_	Voorhis wrote to the FCC disputing the contention that Shuler's comments were harmful to the war effort and argued that the FCC's threats of punitive action against stations carrying Shuler's program were an inappropriate restraint on free speech.
_	Tax protesters sometimes cite the language in cases like "Flora" for the contention that filing of tax returns and paying taxes is not legally required, i.e., that the filing of returns and paying of taxes is, in that sense, "voluntary".
_	There is significant support for the contention that supportive housing also costs less than other systems where its tenant base may reside, such as jails, hospitals, mental health facilities, and even shelters.
_	Additional support for the contention that a transfer fee makes property more affordable can be found within many of the prohibitory statutes themselves.
_	John M. Robertson published "The Baconian Heresy: A Confutation" in 1913, refuting the contention that Shakespeare had expert legal knowledge by showing that legalisms pervaded Elizabethan and Jacobean literature.
_	Central to Young's philosophy is the contention that concepts of justice were not limited to individual desert.
_	However, he supports the contention that this is an authentic conquest account, arguing that it was composed about 20 years after the conquest in the 1540s, and contemporaneous with the Cuernavaca censuses.
_	The judge, while rejecting the contention that the waiver of privilege before the grand jury applied as well to subsequent proceedings, concluded, on the basis of "Murphy v. Waterfront Commission", that there was no reason not to compel Izzard's testimony.
_	Therefore, the court found, the contention that the mere issue of a certificate obliged the Court to stay proceedings, which should thereupon be deemed to be finalised, was untenable.
_	Some evidence supports the contention that the African crowned eagle occasionally views human children as prey, with a witness account of one attack (in which the victim, a seven-year-old boy, survived and the eagle was killed), and the discovery of part of a human child skull in a nest.
_	In a 2001 article in the American Political Science Review he provided extensive econometric evidence in support of the contention that social democracy in general, and an expansive, universalistic welfare state in particular, contributed to greater levels of life satisfaction across the Western world.
_	Evidence was presented that supported the contention that his unit had failed to respond to requests from the Kriegsmarine for help.
_	The evil of disobedience to legitimate authority is a primary theme and is used to respond to the contention that vestments confuse the simple.
_	According to some, the fact that the PCT does not deal directly with the scope of patentable subject matter, in relation to computer programs, adds "weight to the contention that, having been born out of administrative inconvenience rather than any great principle, restrictions on patentability of programs should be limited to the maximum possible extent."
_	In 2010, "Citizens United" "expressly rejected the contention that election-law disclosure requirements are limited to express
_	Shankara also does not subscribe to the view that the individual soul is the bearer of "avidyā" (āśraya) or to the contention that the Paramatman is the "āśraya" of "avidyā" as is held by Mandana and Vācaspati.
_	This statement has been disputed by the contention that he was not an antisemite at that time, even though it is well established that he read many antisemitic tracts and journals during time and admired Karl Lueger, the antisemitic mayor of Vienna.
_	The Spanish denied that this meant that the Minister had waived the contention that they were property.
_	This led to the non-prosecution of its members for this crime despite the contention that the fact that guns and force were used to obtain said amnesty constituted duress.
_	It was accepted that an innkeeper had a duty to provide reasonable accommodation and rejected the contention that when the hotel offered to lodge Constantine elsewhere, it was fulfilling that duty.
_	Another critique is the contention that the public should have a right to know what goes on in the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meetings.
_	I do not find any force in the contention that the ED wanted to file a supplementary complaint against the applicant (Shah) in respect of the investigation made against him as Chairman of FTIL.
_	Evaluation of a large body of the best available evidence simply does not support the contention that these phenomena exist."
_	Although Baur was his teacher, he did not attach himself to the Tübingen school; in reply to the contention that there are traces of a sharp conflict between two parties, Paulinists and Petrinists, he says that "we find variety coupled with agreement, and unity with difference, between Paul and the earlier apostles; we recognize the one spirit in the many gifts".
_	Mimamsikas reject the contention that Apurva is "dharma" which Nayayikas consider it is.
_	It marked one of the first times that the court had accepted the contention that treatment short of physical violence should result in the suppression of evidence.
_	Neither the District Court nor the Court of Appeals considered the argument that Mid Atlantic's claim was not "appropriate" apart from the contention that it was not "equitable," and from our examination of the record it does not appear that the Sereboffs raised this distinct assertion below.
_	These results further validate the contention that work attitudes are not the product of situational factors alone, and that both literature and organisations should further investigate the variables that contribute to these values with the intention of increasing job satisfaction and performance, through effective selection methods and pervasive job interventions.
_	Another interpretation, first proffered in the 1930s by Clara Longworth in the novel "My Shakespeare, Rise!" is that the poem is a cryptic Roman Catholic eulogy and is part of the contention that Shakespeare was a secret Catholic sympathiser.
_	The magmatic systems are reaching the end of their life as island arcs and are becoming a single collision zone, lending weight to the contention that Halmahera and Sangihe should be regarded as tectonic plates rather than volcanic arcs.
_	The defining common ground is the contention that 'the crises of contemporary liberal capitalist societies—ecological degradation, financial turmoil, the loss of trust in the political class, exploding inequality—are systemic; interlinked, not amenable to legislative reform, and requiring “revolutionary” solutions".
_	Wollstonecraft believed powerfully in the Enlightenment notion of progress, and rejected the contention that ancient ideas could not be improved upon.
_	A detailed review of the controversy by Paul Shankman, published by the University of Wisconsin Press in 2009, supports the contention that Mead's research was essentially correct, and concludes that Freeman cherry-picked his data and misrepresented both Mead and Samoan culture.
_	However, much empirical research in the field of happiness economics, such as that by Benjamin Radcliff, professor of Political Science at the University of Notre Dame, supports the contention that (at least in democratic countries) life satisfaction is strongly and positively related to the social democratic model of a generous social safety net, pro-worker labor market regulations, and strong labor unions.
_	Shortly after graduation, Wright tried for a position in one of the State asylums for the insane as an assistant physician, but she was refused the position twice on the contention that women were not eligible.
_	Substantial evidence subsequently emerged to support the contention that Negroponte was aware that serious violations of human rights were carried out by the Honduran government, but despite this did not recommend ending U.S. military aid to the country.
_	Subsequent theory and quantitative electroencephalographic measurements supported the contention that the sensed presence of a "sentient being" could be a normal brain-based prototype for god experiences or related mystical phenomena and was actually the left hemispheric awareness of the right hemispheric equivalent to the left hemispheric sense of self.
_	The evidence at trial supported the contention that Case Farms expressly authorized ATC to recruit and hire people to work at Case Farms’
_	In 1922, the Italian neurologist Leonardo Bianchi published a detailed report on the results of bilateral lobectomies in animals that supported the contention that the frontal lobes were both integral to intellectual function and that their removal led to the disintegration of the subject's personality.
_	Less serious offenses, such as failing to complete a census form, may also attract a criminal record, so the contention that criminalizing drug use is draconian can be seen as overstatement.
_	The work is based on the contention that in the state of nature, "the earth, in its natural uncultivated state... was the common property of the human race"; the concept of private ownership arose as a necessary result of the development of agriculture, since it was impossible to distinguish the possession of improvements to the land from the possession of the land itself.
_	Writhe is also notable for the contention that it was he who developed the system of heraldic cadency employed by English officers of arms to the present day.
_	Supporting the contention that American culture has become more narcissistic and that this is increasingly reflected in its cultural products is an analysis of US popular song lyrics between 1987 and 2007.
_	Yet those naval pilots who fought the Zero at Coral Sea, Midway, and Guadalcanal without the benefit of test reports would beg to differ with the contention that it took dissection of Koga's Zero to create tactics that beat the fabled airplane.
_	Rorty takes a deflationary attitude to truth, believing there is nothing of interest to be said about truth in general, including the contention that it is generally subjective.
_	The early Americans supported the contention that governments were legitimate only if they were based on popular sovereignty.
_	It should be noted that there are, however, dissenting voices, as some scholars do not support the contention that there is only one world-system in the modern day; Janet Abu-Lughod states that multiple world-systems did exist in past epochs.
_	The Supreme Court rejected the contention that landowners exposed to sporadic flooding as a result of this flood control plan were constitutionally required to compensation:
_	As to the contention that Modern Orthodoxy's standards of observance of halakha are "relaxed", as opposed to moderate, see below under "Criticism".
_	Some controversy with the term purportedly corresponds to its interplay with perceived historical revisionism practiced by the government of Slobodan Milošević in the 1990s and its later apologists, and the contention that Serbian writers constructed the "myth of Serbophobia," as "an anti-Semitism for Serbs, making them victims throughout history."
_	A detailed review of the controversy by Paul Shankman, published by the University of Wisconsin Press in 2009, supports the contention that Mead's research was essentially correct, and concludes that Freeman cherry-picked his data and misrepresented both Mead and Samoan culture.
_	In 1886, he published "Studies in Family Life", a historical inquiry into this branch of economics, with a view to justifying the contention that Christianity is an essential factor in the problem of social well-being.
_	Dahlsgaard, Peterson, and Seligman's (2005) meta-analysis presents historical and psychological evidence supporting the contention that there are universal virtues that exist across cultures.
_	One of main objections raised to deprogramming (as well as to exit counseling) is the contention that they begin with a false premise.
_	Whether they are innocent about the contention that they made that something happen or not, I don't think we can answer definitively at this point."
_	These theologians generally rejected the contention that, in the case of God, the distinction between essence and energies is real rather than, albeit with a foundation in reality, notional (in the mind).
_	As regards the contention that the earlier books do not emphasize the centrality of the Temple worship in Jerusalem, those books primarily discuss the service in the desert Tabernacle.
_	The Court also dismissed the contention that the presence of defense counsel would disrupt the activities of prosecutors.
_	The court dismissed the contention that the grant of a patent license outside the United States coupled with case–by–case and customer–by–customer approvals or denials of bid permission violated § 1 of the Sherman Act.
_	A tavern sign, dated to 1773, supports the contention that this house was standing then.
_	On the other hand, John Lundstrom is among those who challenge "the contention that it took dissection of Koga's Zero to create tactics that beat the fabled airplane".
_	Statistics published by centrist political party the Australian Democrats have been used to support the contention that committee operations have been inhibited by government control of the Senate, particularly in respect of selection of topics for committee inquiry.
_	The website showed a spoof homepage for around 22 hours in an effort to promote the contention that carbon trading is a false solution to the climate crisis.
_	They reject, therefore, the contention that "water" is a rigid designator referring to HO.
_	The court dealt first with the contention that the charge should be quashed for want of compliance with the Act.
_	The quantitative results were good enough to support the contention that water was not an element, as had been thought for over 2,000 years, but a compound of two gases, hydrogen and oxygen.
_	Springer's challenge was based on the contention that the income tax imposed by the statute was a direct tax not apportioned among the states according to the population of each state under Article I of the Constitution.
_	However, he later retreated from this position, noting in 1954 that "Rex Wailes, noted English expert on windmills... has supported the contention that both structures were built as mills."
_	Review of the personal records of Harding's Personal White House Secretary, George Christian Jr., also do not support the contention that Harding received members of the Klan while in office.
_	This and the fact that krokodil has never been identified anywhere in the world other than Russia bolster the contention that this drug is not in the US.
_	A literal reading of the law supported the contention that Chong Fung Yuen was entitled to the right of abode in Hong Kong.
_	In part, it is based on the contention that copyright is a natural right and creators are therefore entitled to the same protections anyone would be in regard to tangible and real property.
_	By the late 19th century, the contention that "all motion is relative" was re-introduced, notably by Ernst Mach (1883).
_	Among the arguments unsuccessfully advanced by the Government to support the constitutionality of the search of Di Re was the contention that the investigator could
_	Increasingly, historian Mark Summers states, "the disfranchisers had to fall back on the contention that denial of the vote was meant as punishment, and a lifelong punishment at that ... Month by month, the unrepublican character of the regime looked more glaring."
_	Although that theory has become widely pervasive in the history of theater, there is no evidence to support the contention that his plays were intended to be read or recited at small gatherings of the wealthy.
_	In support of the contention that when passing the 2015 Act Parliament well knew of the Article 50 procedure for leaving the European Union if that was voted for in the referendum, he said that Parliament had previously dealt with it when the Lisbon Treaty was included in domestic law by the 2008 Act, and he took the court through the legislation dealing with the European Union and its predecessor, namely:
_	Additionally, while the earlier, all-female musical number "Honor to Us All" "functions as an account of the constructedness of female gender," "I'll Make a Man Out of You" "juxtaposes and makes explicit the contention that gender is a cultural product," according to Johnson Cheu, author of "Diversity in Disney Films: Critical Essays on Race, Ethnicity, Gender, Sexuality and Disability".
_	There are almost as many tears as laughs in the new First National release--which proves the contention that Chaplin as almost as good a tragedian as he is a comedian.
_	While the contention that idols are ‘symbolic’ may be contested, what is pertinent here is only that actual idols do not imitate human proportions faithfully.
_	Though the numbers are not great in disparity, “they provide non-census evidence supporting the contention that more men than women become member of CoS,” Tollefson and Lewis write.
_	Patrick A. McCarthy expands on this idea of a non-linear, digressive narrative with the contention that "throughout much of "Finnegans Wake", what appears to be an attempt to tell a story is often diverted, interrupted, or reshaped into something else, for example a commentary on a narrative with conflicting or unverifiable details."
_	The court found no dispute with the contention that the descriptions in Sucher's article were accurately reported and that the word "blackmail" had been used.
_	They attributed the somewhat lower correlations with the CFIT battery to its lack of content diversity for it contains only matrix-type items, and interpreted the findings as supporting the contention that "g" factors derived from different test batteries are the same provided that the batteries are diverse enough.
_	But nowhere do we find any proof in Scripture for the contention that God gave to Adam the promise of eternal life if he should obey that particular commandment of God.
_	Pantović, who described himself as a survivor of the Bosnian War, stated that he rejected the contention that Serb forces committed genocide in the city and accused Naser Orić's forces of having committed the greatest crimes in the region during the conflict.
_	It also involves the contention that "processes are reducible to physiological, physical or chemical events," and even that "social processes are reducible to relationships between and actions of individuals," or that "biological organisms are reducible to physical systems."
_	On the second argument, the court rejected the contention that the testator felt obliged to sell the farm because his son was finding it difficult to manage it and it was thus not voluntary.
_	As well as being found in the sanctuaries of Apollo at Delphi, Delos and Mt. Ptoion, kouroi have been found dedicated at the sanctuaries of Hera at Samos, and of Athena and Poseidon at Sounion, so the contention that they depict Apollo is at the very least problematic.
_	This is largely based on the contention that Zevi's exile in the Balkans brought him into close contact with several forms of unorthodox Sufism which existed in the region.
_	While some scholars support the antiquity of the patina, which in turn, strengthens the contention that the inscription is authentic, the Israel Antiquities Authority has reported that the inscription is a modern-day forgery.
_	Several historians have supported the contention that Bleichrodt was unaware of the presence of children, including Kate Tildesley, Curator at the Naval Historical Branch, Ministry of Defence, who wrote "What was not known by Bleichrodt was that the liner he was attacking carried 90 children ...
_	These specimens have been used to support the contention that macroconch ammonite shells were those of females.
_	The work casts doubt on the contention that investment in infrastructure saves travel time.
_	Among the many complaints by Jersey City officials was the contention that the water served to the City was not "pure and wholesome" as required by the contract.
_	In his commentary upon St Paul's "Epistle to the Romans" (1861) he countered the doctrine of eternal punishment and the contention that Holy Communion was a precondition to salvation.
_	They all come down, in essence, to the contention that reformation "does not actually work in practice--the criminal justice system is simply not good at 'reforming' people."
_	There is evidence to support the contention that some reports of the sīras are of dubious validity, but there is also evidence to support the contention that the sīra narratives originated independently of the Quran.
_	The practice of 'appropriating' sites, areas, localities, geographic regions, etc. inside the territory of the State of Israel as Palestine/Palestinian observed in our previous review, remains a feature of the newly published textbooks (4th and 9th Grade) laying substantive grounds to the contention that the Palestinian Authority did not in fact recognize Israel as the State of the Jewish people.
_	Some scholars have raised the contention that his father raised him that way in order to foster good relations with the Church and bring about the easy conversion of the Suevi.
_	The court upheld the ordinance against the contention that it violated appellant's rights of freedom of speech, assembly, and worship under the Federal Constitution.
_	Those who oppose this are of the contention that this the existing structure is an engineering marvel, with no pillars, and also of the view to protect the heritage.
_	However, the Pre-Trial Chamber found that there was no reasonable ground to support the contention that he had a specific intent to commit genocide ("dolus specialis"), which is an intention to destroy, in whole or in part, a protected group.
_	Examples: Parties challenging state abortion laws have sharply disputed in some courts the contention that a purpose of these laws, when enacted, was to protect prenatal life.
_	Scottish astronomer Charles Piazzi Smyth supported the contention that water vapour bands could be used to predict rainfall in the 22 July 1875 issue of "Nature".
_	American diplomat Joseph C. Wilson investigated the contention that Iraq had sought uranium for nuclear weapons in Niger and reported that the contention had no substance.
_	He also rejected the contention that a secured creditor would, as a result of the composition, be deprived of his property, observing that "the reduction of the debt itself or an extension of time for its payment... is a familiar feature of compositions."
_	Chapman disputed the contention that Baptists had a negative image, and pointed out that the SBC was by no means a "white" organization since of the 43,071 churches 4,742 said they were mainly "ethnic" and 2,085 said they were mainly African-American.
_	"In that case," Abbott wrote, "this Court rejected the contention that s. 1 of the "Canadian Bill of Rights" provided merely a canon of construction for the interpretation of legislation existing when the "Bill" was passed."
_	Another goal is to validate the contention that superior talent will thrive by finding its own audience when given the opportunity outside of traditional corporate filters.
_	The court held that there was no room for the contention that the incorrectness of the answer was not material; nor was there any room for the application of the doctrine of "substantial performance" in considering the truthfulness or otherwise of the answers.
_	Most of the reports by the FMSF are anecdotal, and the studies cited to support the contention that false memories can be easily created are often based on experiments that bear little resemblance to memories of actual sexual abuse.
_	If we accept the contention that the common enemy is Hitler and not the British capitalist class, then certainly Churchill is right.
_	In particular, he rejected the contention that Terrell could only be removed by the Sovereign on presentation of addresses by both houses of Parliament, pursuant to the procedure set out in section 3 of the Act of Settlement.
_	Hand axes display a variety of shapes, including circular, triangular and elliptical--calling in to question the contention that they had a constant and only symbolic significance.
_	She accepted the contention that there was neither a "right to commit suicide" nor a "right to die," as such.
_	The Indiana state clemency commission heard Pierpont's appeal to be released from the state prison under the contention that he was a man of strong character and a "leader and not a follower" on August 24, 1933.
_	The Court therefore rejected the contention that the Arkansas legislature and Governor were not bound by the "Brown" decision.
_	Some US professors have disagreed with the contention that Nepalese soldiers caused the outbreak.
_	Castells rejected the contention that space will disappear upon the creation of the global city, because space is "the material support of time-sharing social practices".
_	For the same reason, we reject the contention that a lawyer who does not appear in the action circumvents court rules requiring the assumption of responsibility for their pleadings.
_	Having heard the contention that a new prophet had arisen in Mecca, Abu Dhar and his brother travelled to Mecca to find the prophet.
_	After its publication, geneticist and environmentalist David Suzuki, author Michael Pollan, scientist Marion Nestle, and doctor and columnist David Katz (Huffington Post) cited "The Great DNA Deficit" and supported the contention that genes are not the major determinant of western disease susceptibility.
_	Among these was the contention that he had been unrepresented, and that his rights had not been properly explained to him.
_	In some cases, there is strong evidence to support the contention that they are simply "selfish" and that they exist as parasitic chromosomes.
_	The District Court, however issued a summary judgement for the government against the contention that feral horses who ate grass or drank water on privately owned lands had "taken" these resources from the ranchers in violation of the "takings clause" of the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution and the government must compensate the private landowners $500,000.
_	Contemporary opinions include the contention that the manifesto was more related to an effort to achieve statehood for the Utah territory.
_	Such notions, related to a common theme of "Young Earth creationism," claim that God created the world about 6,000 years ago, including the contention that dinosaurs and humans coexisted.
_	There is no direct evidence, however, to either support or disprove the contention that Nogaret poisoned the pope.
_	He was distinguished as one of the first mainstream writers in the West to systematically challenge the contention that Palestinian Arab refugees of the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine and the 1948 Arab–Israeli War (see 1948 Palestinian exodus) fled their homes primarily from Arab broadcast evacuation orders (see Broadcasts for Christopher Hitchens' article about same), rather than from the use of force and terror by armed forces of the newly forming state of Israel.
_	While the effectiveness of this strategy has been questioned, given that travelers have little or no control over sanitation in hotels and restaurants, and little evidence supports the contention that food vigilance reduces the risk of contracting TD, guidelines continue to recommend basic, common-sense precautions when making food and beverage choices:
_	However, its June 2004 follow-up report stated that "the practice of "appropriating" sites, areas, localities, geographic regions, etc. inside the territory of the State of Israel as Palestine/Palestinian observed in our previous review, remains a feature of the newly published textbooks (4th and 9th Grade) laying substantive grounds to the contention that the Palestinian Authority did not in fact recognize Israel as the State of the Jewish people."
_	we believe that the available evidence runs counter to the contention that the CRA contributed in any substantive way to the current mortgage crisis," Kroszner said: "Only 6%of all the higher-priced loans were extended by CRA-covered lenders to lower-income borrowers or neighborhoods in their CRA assessment areas, the local geographies that are the primary focus for CRA evaluation purposes."
_	This was a pro-presbyterian historical narrative of the disputes among the Marian exiles in Frankfurt twenty years earlier "about the Booke off common prayer and Ceremonies ... in the which ... the gentle reader shall see the very originall and beginninge off all the contention that hathe byn and what was the cause off the same."
_	In 1934, an advertisement for WWJ included the contention that it was "America's Pioneer Broadcasting Station."
_	"The justification for this change is the contention that all biblical and extra-biblical parallels to Romans 16:7 are exclusive (esteemed "by" apostles, well known "to" apostles) rather than inclusive (honored as "one of" the apostles, ""among"" the apostles)...[but] proof is wholly lacking.
_	The Russian Defense Ministry, however, denied that either its forces or the Syrian air force were responsible and disputed the contention that the UN vehicles had been hit by any munitions, insinuating that the Syrian Civil Defense may have somehow been involved in the cargo catching fire.
_	The website showed a spoof homepage for around 22 hours in an effort to promote the contention that carbon trading is a false solution to the climate crisis.
_	Overall the literature does not with certainty support the contention that environmental chemicals or dietary factors are having widespread effects on human sexual development.
_	A key part of this analysis is the contention that one dimension of the social domain-tracking the illocutionary status of the transaction (whether individual participants claim that their interests have been met, or not) is very readily conferred to a computer process, regardless of whether the computer has the means to adequately represent the real world issues underlying that claim.
_	Evidence to support this includes a 13th-century charter stating, ""Where the Lodone falls into the Thames under the park of Suninges"", the contention that the stream is private and not public Thames water and the shape of the junction point which suggests a tributary rather than an outflow.
_	The logic of this concession points irresistibly to the contention that the Thirteenth Amendment operates only to protect the African race.
_	Evatt J dismissed the contention that there was no "special relationship" between the manufacturer and consumer, noting that the manufacturer provided a "guarantee" to the purchaser that the garments would not shrink if washed in accordance with its directions.
_	The theological theory of pandeism has been classed as a logical derivation of this proposition with the contention that:
_	On October 1, Walker rejected the contention that the First Amendment shielded all of those communications.
_	Perhaps the periodicals of the complainant are foolish rather than comic, but they embody an original arrangement of incidents and a pictorial and literary form which preclude the contention that Bruns was not copying the antics of Superman portrayed in Action Comics.
_	A "Wine Spectator" report by Laube that Chateau Montelena wine was tainted by TCA, was followed by a great deal of controversy, and the contention that Laube is able to detect TCA at much lower levels than most people.
_	Evaluation of a large body of the best available evidence simply does not support the contention that these phenomena exist."
_	The opponents of the "Advaita" do not accept the contention that Atman is simply consciousness and cannot be the substratum of knowledge, and they insist that existence as the logical concomitant of the absence of non-existence and vice versa, with these two being mutually exclusive predicates, must be admitted.
_	Schaler asserts that "the contention that addiction is a disease is empirically unsupported.
_	Writing in the "International Litigation Quarterly" (of the American Bar Association) in March 2008, Eric Sherby (Israel) rejected the contention that section 1782 imposes too much of a burden on Corporate America.
_	Until his death in 1723, Orléans was generally considered to be first in line to the throne, although legitimists considered that Philip V of Spain, "né" Duke of Anjou and "fils de France", held that place, on the contention that his renunciation in 1700 was constitutionally invalid.
_	Rushkoff conceived of Judaism as essentially an open-source religion which he conceived as, "the contention that religion is not a pre-existing truth but an ongoing project.
_	That court decision supported the contention that South Ossetia is a not a real state, but a Russian vassal.
_	Hawkins J. said that he thought that the contention that bodily harm cannot be legally said to be "inflicted" unless it has been brought about by some act amounting to an assault was untenable.
_	These data support the contention that gainsharing systems continue to grow in terms of the benefits they provide and are an effective long term strategy to improve organizational performance.
_	The basic philosophical idea behind the proposal, explained in the book, was the contention that in the state of nature, "the earth, in its natural uncultivated state... was the common property of the human race".
_	Perhaps ironically, or perhaps because it was artistically appropriate, the sum of Asimov's stories disprove the contention that he began with:
_	At the investiture of Lothair as Emperor he gained the territories belonging to Matilda of Tuscany in return for an annuity to be paid to the pope, in consequence of which the curial party based the contention that the Emperor was a vassal of the Papal see.
_	One of Antony Flew's most influential professional works was his 1976 "The Presumption of Atheism" in which Flew forwarded the proposition that the question of God's existence should begin with the presumption of atheism:"What I want to examine is the contention that the debate about the existence of God should properly begin from the presumption of atheism, that the onus of proof must lie upon the theist.
_	The United States Department of State (USDS) responded by saying, "We reject the contention that the Foundation’s activities constitute a threat to Russia’s security.
_	Among the many complaints stated by Jersey City officials was the contention that the water served to the City was not "pure and wholesome" as required by the contract.
_	Despite the fact that the Russos' studies found similar risk rates between virgin and pregnancy interrupted rats, their research would be used to support the contention that abortion created a greater risk of breast cancer for the next twenty years.
_	The gist of this section is the contention that to be good, something has to be desired, by some sentient being.
