_	It was also the correspondence that exposed the attempt, which was not very successful in terms of information gained by the Russians.
_	Even so, the correspondence that took place between Crewdson and the Committee in 1835 was published by them without his knowledge and consent in "A Few Particulars of the Correspondence Between the Committee Appointed by the Friends' Yearly Meeting, and Isaac Crewdson".
_	In the course of his travels he encountered Paul Wurz, occasioning the correspondence that resulted in Blondel's first publication, a mathematical pamphlet entitled "Epistola ad P. W. [Paulum Wurzium]", which discussed the breaking resistance of beams.
_	Foggo apparently succeeded in destroying the dispatches as the correspondence that the French papers published was only of a private nature.
_	It represents the culmination of years of research by Capelotti, and also Koehler's extant writings and the correspondence that Maggie Wood Potter had compiled before her death.
_	Because both the Chinese room argument and the construction of social reality deal with Searle and his debates, and because they both use "weak" and strong to denote a philosophical position, and because both debate the programmability of "the other", it is worth noting the correspondence that "strong AI" is strong social constructionism, and "weak AI" is weak social constructivism.
_	The letter was ignored, as was all the correspondence that Guiteau sent to the White House.
_	Hodgson when he published only a portion of the correspondence that passed between the officers about the matter.”
_	This could be due to the religious belief of the author, because in the correspondence that remained for a long time with writer Ramon J. Sender, she claims to believe in God.
_	Historians Font, Barabás and Karol Hollý inferred from the correspondence that Coloman was most probably crowned twice, first (in late 1214 or early 1215) with a provisional crown in Hungary, later (probably in early 1216) with the crown sent by the pope.
_	It is a treaty on the concept, which he defines as "an act of the understanding which expresses the correspondence that is found between the objects".
_	It is clear from the correspondence that in the spring of 1928 Van Doesburg made the first designs for the layout of the periodical.
_	It is clear from the correspondence that no one supposed the atoll to be a part of any known jurisdiction, which might have required negotiations to be conducted to ensure that construction would be legal.
_	He steps into the world of literature with the book: "Los héroes inutiles" ("The Useless Heroes") (Ellago Ediciones, 2005), a complete collection of the correspondence that he held with Spanish "damned" writer Leopoldo María Panero, that serves as a literary poetic where the author, following two well-known sentences by Charles Baudelaire, declares himself ""hero"" and ""useless"".
_	(In fact, so close is the correspondence that, it seems, Furetière might have been Diderot’s source.):
_	Orosius’s first act on meeting Saint Jerome was to hand him the correspondence that he had brought from Saint Augustine.
_	No reason for this refusal appears on record, and the correspondence that must have taken place between Brett and the admiralty or Lord Anson has not been preserved.
_	Edward Yardley printed (in the preface to Atterbury's "Sermons", 1743) the correspondence that passed on the subject, in which the request was refused.
_	Much of the correspondence that came to the KdF consisted of "trivial complaints, petty grievances, and minor personal squabbles of Party members."
_	The group, created by U.S. Representative Tom Price as a front for the National Republican Congressional Committee (NRCC), solicits physicians throughout the U.S. for donations, by sending faxes and letters containing different lists of 100 names of physicians, implying to the target of the correspondence that the other named physicians have already chosen to join the council.
