_	The then-Menteri Besar, Datuk Nik Abdul Aziz Nik Mat said amidst the criticism that the track was not a waste of money, stating:
_	This may provide some answer to the criticism that systematic ideology lacks a causal model.
_	She commented at the time: "In the past the criticism that (Pop Stars) is heavily American influenced could be relevant, but I think our new format has helped to change that.".
_	His work did not draw the criticism that Frazer's did since Farnell made no bold comparisons to Christianity but the comparisons he brought to bear within the sole context of Greek culture were no less radical.
_	On 20 September 1927 it was made a projection for the criticism that advised to cut intertitles, delete some others and eliminate some scenes of the film before presenting it to the public.
_	Knight and Lomas are not professional historians nor have they any qualifications in history or research, and their case is open to the criticism that they accept references that fit their theory and reject those that conflict with it.
_	Anthropology professor Stephen Houston made the criticism that sacrifice victims were more likely to be royalty and elites rather than common forest dwellers, as shown in "Apocalypto".
_	He was a celebrated teacher of the mandolin in Naples and Paris, and became popular enough to get the criticism that he was causing Parisians to leave the piano for the mandolin.
_	Despite the criticism that Babb drew for "Mom and Dad," in 1951 he received the first annual Sid Grauman Showmanship Award, presented by the Hollywood Rotary Club in honor of his accomplishments over the years.
_	The Hardys also became more and more wealthy, prompting the criticism that the "major problem in [these volumes] is that the Hardy Boys have risen above any ability to identify with people like the typical boys who read their books.
_	Adler responded to the criticism that she was overly focused on halakha by writing first an article, then a book, outlying ideas regarding Jewish feminist theology.
_	This, plus capillary terminal size invariance, leaves the equation open to the criticism that it cannot possibly account for spikes in metabolic rate needed for motor activity.
_	The simultaneous shift from ad-hoc groups of academics to a business model has sparked the criticism that SJS magnifies the distorting effect money has on trials, since only the wealthy can afford it.
_	In his preface, Poe wrote the now-famous quote defending himself from the criticism that his tales were part of "Germanism".
_	Shia contest the criticism that nikah mut'ah is a cover for prostitution, and argue that the unique legal nature of temporary marriage distinguishes Mut'ah ideologically from prostitution.
_	In an interview with Naughty Dog's creative director Neil Druckmann (who directed the game alongside Bruce Straley), Glixel's Chris Suellentrop noted that the trophy was "a reference to the criticism that Nathan Drake doesn't respond emotionally to all the killing he does"; Druckmann replied, "I told all the people on the team, "This is my proudest moment, the fact that I came up with this trophy on this project."
_	Amid the criticism that Southwest Key faced, CEO Juan Sanchez penned an op-ed about the reasons he founded the organization.
_	Shia have systematically contested the criticism that it is a cover for prostitution, and argue their rationales regarding the legal uniqueness of temporary marriage, which distinguishes Mut'ah ideologically from prostitution.
_	In it O'Dwyer in particular answered the criticism that Catholic priests were making the poverty stricken Irish people pay for new and grand churches.
_	Instead, self-reporting crime statistics have been used to overcome the criticism that the official arrest statistics are biased.
_	This, along with the generally dark image of the band, led to much of the criticism that Argyle Park faced from within the underground Christian music scene and music press.
_	To address the criticism that measures of national IQ are unreliable, for 71 nations they measure national IQs using two different methods, and find that the correlation between different measures of national IQ is 0.95.
_	Integrative thinking as devised by Roger Martin is open to the criticism that the theory was created using a non-scientific research approach; by simply interviewing successful leaders, and inferring a theory for their success, Martin and his colleagues may have been subject to a confirmation bias effect.
_	Matthews responded to the criticism that said that some associations work too closely with their insurance providers.
_	Between Roberval and René Descartes there existed a feeling of ill-will, owing to the jealousy aroused in the mind of the former by the criticism that Descartes offered to some of the methods employed by him and by Pierre de Fermat; and this led him to criticize and oppose the analytical methods that Descartes introduced into geometry about this time.
_	Like Yeats, she used recurring symbols (like the rose) throughout her poems; but while Yeats's symbolism has long been admired, Pickthall received only the criticism that she was repeating "even the vocabulary" of her older work.
_	He had long said that this was the work that he was most proud of, despite the criticism that he received for it.
_	Edward Plumptre notes also the criticism that Paul's delay in returning to Corinth, which he has explained in , was also considered to be "a proof that he was shirking [an] encounter".
_	The song is a mid-tempo ballad in which Keith addresses the criticism that he received after his 2002 pro-war anthem "Courtesy of the Red, White, & Blue (The Angry American)".
_	Mansfield attempted to gain public favour and stem the criticism that he was receiving by offering a performance of the comedy "Prince Karl" for the benefit of the Suffragan Bishop of London's home and refuge fund for reformed prostitutes.
_	As such, it is open to the criticism that its conceptual basis is obsolete and that its contemporary practitioners have not taken account of the developments of modern medicine.
_	Some Tesco stores have experimented with a "Challenge 30" policy dismissing the criticism that it could have an adverse effect on sales.
_	This leads to the criticism that judging the best consequences is an extremely difficult task for political communities, but Cochrane concludes that a utilitarian consensus does at least support the abolition of factory farming.
_	The chapters' plays were prepared in just one week each leading to the criticism that their presentations were "hasty and patchy", and the establishment of competitive auditions for the main Phil plays rendered obsolete the model of chapter plays as proving grounds for new actresses.
_	Such anthropomorphic arguments face the criticism that physical reactions indicating pain may be neither the cause nor result of conscious states, and the approach is subject to criticism of anthropomorphic interpretation.
_	On the part of the progressive groups, there was the criticism that the monarchy had maintained until very late, the slavery in the country.
_	Published in England and the United States shortly after Eva Perón's death, it was the first hostile biography of Eva Perón to be published and, despite the criticism that it is lacking in historical value, has therefore been used by her detractors ever since.
_	However, the chancellor Li Jifu were stung by the criticism that they gave and viewed these as personal attacks against him.
_	Director Lamangan responded to the criticism that he was secure on the way on how he portrayed the story of Sarah Balabagan, the Middle East, and Islam and laments that Muslim critics of the film is barring a film they have never seen before.
_	Despite this feature only having appeared on certain models for a limited time, the Allegro has always been associated with the criticism that it "had a square steering wheel".
_	In a foreword to the readers in the second edition of the book, Durant expresses his acknowledgement for the criticism that the book received as to how it does not include philosophers from the Asian continent, most notably Confucius.
_	It was important to Zola that no character should appear "larger than" life; but the criticism that his characters are "cardboard" is substantially more damaging.
_	Responding to the criticism that he is "ignorant" of theology, Dawkins asks, "Do you have to read up on leprechology before disbelieving in leprechauns?" and "[y]es, I have, of course, met this point before.
_	It was quickly released as a reaction to the commercial failure of the Byrds' previous album, "Byrdmaniax", and as an attempt to stem the criticism that album was receiving in the music press.
_	A follow-up article in "Mother Jones" in 2009 by Suzanne Gordon (author of the 1978 piece) reasserted the criticism that The Hunger Project had failed to do anything significant to alleviate world hunger while at the same time providing the disclaimer that "Twelve years after it was supposed to become obsolete, the Hunger Project now has only one former Erhard associate on its board and notes it has 'no ties to Mr. Erhard or his interests.' "
_	Part of the intent of "The Well Wrought Urn" is to dispel the criticism that Brooks in his earlier works had dismissed the eighteenth and nineteenth century English poets, particularly the Romantics.
_	It was adopted to counter the criticism that the outcome of overtime games was very frequently decided by the coin toss, as the team which won it usually attempted only enough offensive action to maneuver into field goal range and seldom made a real effort to score a touchdown.
_	Since it consciously emphasizes utility, it is likely to attract the criticism that it is more concerned about performance management than accurate measurement.
_	In response to the criticism that the government had no Indian policy, Crease stated simply that "our policy has been, let the Indians alone."
_	The book contains a variety of images from Kennard's 40-year career and, as a result, attracts the criticism that its targets are too general.
_	This included the criticism that Sky charges all digital broadcasters a fee to subsidise their set top boxes, which according to EU Directive 98/94 should only cover boxes which are offered to non-Sky subscribers and Pay TV subscribers on the same terms (which was disputed by Rapture TV).
_	The work was prepared and written with careful attention to sampling, methodology and date interpretation, to demonstrate the Institute for Sex Research's scientific competence despite the death of Alfred Kinsey and to answer the criticism that the Institute was interested only in popular, moneymaking books.
_	These changes were made to counter the criticism that the card was a binding pledge which caused the volunteer to take his life into his own control rather than relying on the guidance of the Holy Spirit.
_	Mosley used her suffragette past to counter the criticism that National Socialism was anti-feminist saying that her prospective candidacy "killed for all time the suggestion that National Socialism proposed putting British women back in the home".
_	"Rolling Stone" columnist Matt Taibbi criticized those who took offense at the cover, arguing that their offense-taking was the result of their associating "Rolling Stone" with glamor instead of news, stating that "The New York Times" did not draw the criticism that "Rolling Stone" did, "because everyone knows the "Times" is a news organization.
_	There is also the criticism that kisha club are exclusive by nature, and rarely allow representatives of the new media, the foreign media or freelance journalists to join.
_	David Horowitz, who did some work for the Bertrand Russell Peace Foundation but didn't participate in the Tribunal, wrote 30 years later about the criticism that the Russell Tribunal would not also investigate alleged Communist atrocities.
_	This is an example of the criticism that sprawl causes excessive single-use zoning.
_	This aspect of GWA studies has attracted the criticism that, although it could not have been known prospectively, GWA studies were ultimately not worth the expenditure.
_	Slack defended himself as the author of Michael Lynagh's biography saying that, "Although accepting the blame, Campese reacted poorly to the criticism that followed...
_	She discussed the necessity for publicity of criminal proceedings and denies the criticism that witnesses can be influenced in their testimonies by media reports.
_	American anarcho-syndicalist Sam Dolgoff shows some of the criticism that some people on the other anarchist currents at the time had for anarcho-naturist tendencies.
_	The BBC began filming the works of Agatha Christie in the mid 1980s, and were conscious of the criticism that had been levelled at the portrayal of Miss Marple given by Margaret Rutherford.
_	This theory has been subjected to the criticism that old age disengagement is neither natural, inevitable, nor beneficial.
_	Although among the oldest regional political parties still active, Kerala Congress has never come to power on its own, or even led a coalition, giving credence to the criticism that it is only a political outfit feeding to the parochial interests of certain sections.
_	Both of these projects allowed him to reflect on his status as an ambassador for Indian culture and on the criticism that he received from purists and some fellow musicians in India, who accused him of betraying his roots and commercialising Indian classical music.
_	The unhappy Setti Lakshmi Narasimham replied to the criticism that since Chilakamarti is blind, he is unable to see the truth.
_	For "Metal Gear Solid 4", Raiden's new design was a response to the criticism that only his face remained in his cybernetic body.
_	Despite the criticism that he had "no theoretical basis" to support his claims, following a successful publication of his book in America, the McGovern Guidelines for US dietary goals recommended, in 1977, a reduction in sugar intake "by 40 percent," and the US-published guidelines in 1980 prominently advised "don't eat too much sugar."
_	However, Parliament rejected the criticism that virtual representation was constitutionally invalid as a whole, and passed the Declaratory Act in 1766, asserting the right of Parliament to legislate for the colonies "all cases whatsoever."
_	The most prominent of Rand's personal disciples, the early self-esteem psychologist Nathaniel Branden, addressed "the accusation that we are against feelings, against emotions" and in part acknowledged the criticism that a celebration of ultra-rationalism was dangerous:
_	King began the letter by responding to the criticism that he and his fellow activists were "outsiders" causing trouble in the streets of Birmingham.
_	Eventually, Kelsen accepted the criticism that the concept of a basic norm involves an infinite regress.
_	Wrestling" wrote that "the only Backlash should be the criticism that the company gets" for this "pretty lousy show", "full of dull matches with finishes that ranged from uninspired to dumb to just plain terrible".
_	This notion has also been subject to the criticism that to say "China has not changed fundamentally" is tautological, since it requires that one look for things that have not changed and then arbitrarily define those as fundamental.
_	A similar response follows the criticism that evidentialism implies all faith-based beliefs are unjustified.
_	One of the panelists, Laura Hudson, said this in regards to gender roles in comics and the criticism that they are facing:
_	This was done to counter the criticism that large departments were able to hide a "very long tail" of lesser work and still get high ratings and, conversely, excellent staff in low-graded departments were unable to receive adequate funding.
_	While discussing the infinity of God, Scotus resurrects Anselm's argument and responds to the criticism that Anselm makes an illicit leap from concept to reality.
_	Soderbergh replied to the criticism that he made an unconventional film: "I find it hilarious that most of the stuff being written about movies is how conventional they are, and then you have people ... upset that something's not conventional.
_	To the criticism that the Kindle's functionality is equivalent to parents reading aloud to their children, he said, "the Authors Guild does not expect royalties from anybody doing non-commercial performances of "Goodnight Moon".
_	This has led to the criticism that the interests of shareholders of SCs are not adequately protected.
_	The idea of individualized learning styles became popular in the 1970s, and has greatly influenced education despite the criticism that the idea has received from some researchers.
_	Responding to the criticism that he was merely copying Lewis' work, he writes "People said (quite accurately), 'He's just trying to copy Lewis.'
_	Several reviews of the 2001 first edition made the criticism that Black made valid points, but also overstated at times.
_	Due to the criticism that her film choices evoked, Vidya decided to choose roles that she "believed in" rather than choose by convention.
_	Koichi Hamada countered the criticism that only big firms and the rich benefitted from Abenomics, saying that it had a trickle-down effect on rest of the economy.
_	"Clarisse Harlowe" (1792) provoked the criticism that the author was ""pas assez roué pour peindre les roueries"" (not enough scamp to depict scamp tricks.)
_	However, faced with the criticism that the designation ODR could be taken as implying that the new organization covered the whole of the former "East Germany", a more specific name was chosen in the autumn of 1991.
_	As such American anarcho-syndicalist Sam Dolgoff shows some of the criticism that some people on other anarchist currents at the time had.
_	Hörbiger had various responses to the criticism that he received.
_	Recording began during the North American leg of the Humanz Tour in late 2017, with fewer collaborators than usual due to the criticism that the previous album, "Humanz", had too many.
_	The book also chronicles the introduction of metal bands to MTV, the criticism that no African-American artists were featured, and how Michael Jackson's "Thriller" turned the video music world on its head.
_	(Marshall later actively mischaracterized the criticism that these costs were themselves ultimately determined by marginal utilities.)
_	It was a much more rustic version of the program that was created partially in response to the criticism that the Horse Adventure program was not enough of an adventure.
_	Thus the criticism that sense data cannot really be red is made from a position of presupposition inconsistent with a theory of sense data—so it is bound to seem to make the theory seem wrong.
_	The review in the following day's "New York Times" proclaimed it a "well-earned success", though the reviewer also ventured the criticism that Gilbert "knows the stage better than he knows the world", because the characters' actions and dialogue achieve dramatic effect while being "distinctly improbable" in the real world.
_	Mariano Egaña, Chilean Minister in London, acting on the criticism that Robles' song was receiving, asked Carnicer to compose a new hymn with Bernardo de Vera's original text.
_	However, these works did not bring him the hoped for success and even exposed him to the criticism that he was solely an imitator of earlier Orientalists.
_	Newkirk has replied to the criticism that no one is being exploited, the women taking part are volunteers, and if sexual attraction advances the cause of animals, she is unapologetic.
_	Following the criticism that followed with his casting in the film, John Dumelo released a statement where he explained that the major reason why he accepted to act in the film "...was just to create awareness that people who are actually gay most likely are under demonic spells."
_	In August 2013, the songs were praised by Allu Arjun which he termed as "original" in contrary to the criticism that Thaman always copies the Tunes from his old films.
_	Some of the criticism that the WOW Cafe received actually targeted their usage of the butch/femme binary in their performances, considering it to be problematic and regressive, but the Cafe maintained its stance that the portrayal and incorporation of these stereotypes served as social commentary.
_	In 1996, all volume-based evaluation was removed to account for the criticism that volume rather than quality was rewarded.
_	Arminians of the classical and Wesleyan traditions would respond with the criticism that Hendryx has merely provided a description of the heresy of semi-Pelagianism, and they recognize that grace precedes any cooperation of the human soul with the saving power of God.
_	The Byrds moved quickly to record a self-produced follow-up to "Byrdmaniax", in an attempt to stem the criticism that the album was receiving in the music press and as a reaction to their own dislike of Melcher's overproduction.
_	Charlie Huston, writer of the 2006 re-launch of "Moon Knight", attempted to answer the criticism that Moon Knight is an ersatz Batman in an interview with Comixfan.
_	He also compares and contrasts it with several others, including "Children of the Corn" and "Rainy Season", ultimately rejecting the criticism that it is self-imitation.
_	Maura Johnston of "The Village Voice", however, called the song and the accompanying music video overproduced, while "New York" magazine contributor Amanda Dobbis commented that "it's hard to totally separate Del Rey's looks from the criticism that's been bubbling around her."
_	The Negative Utilitarianism FAQ suggests two replies to Arrhenius and Bykvist's first type of criticism (the criticism that if no one exists anymore then there are no frustrated preferences anymore):
_	Issue #3 was given three stars with the criticism that it "is a nice looking comic that ultimately serves as little more than set-up for future fight scenes".
_	Keller was generally puzzled by, or even contemptuous of, the group and its music, repeatedly returning to the criticism that they were too loud for his taste.
_	The cultural boycott, and the criticism that Paul Simon received for breaking it, was an example of how closely connected music had become to politics with respect to apartheid.
_	In dealing with the criticism that a seemingly immoral act would be obligatory if God commanded it, he proposes that God does not command cruelty for its own sake.
_	They alleged that Pastrana had not been following the political accords pact during the presidential campaign, adding to the criticism that these senators made against ministers of the Pastrana administration.
_	I realize the criticism that I got from it.
_	This led to the criticism that "the authorities took disproportional steps, unjustifiably infringing on the right to political expression and protest."
_	In response to the criticism that she received from those activists, Buchanan stated, "It (Fletcher's stories) is some of the most disturbing, disgusting and vile material that I've ever viewed."
_	For all the criticism that can be leveled at "Grimm" for its scattered approach to narratives and political organizations — are we ever going to mention Black Claw or the royal families again?
_	Still considering the criticism of maintaining the national forces from Federalist No. 24, Publius now turns to the criticism that the States should provide for the national forces, rather than the Union as has been proposed.
_	As a response to the criticism that the government is not doing enough to stop the balloon launches, president Park Geun-hye said that the issue would be "dealt with in a way that considers both freedom of expression and the safety of local residents".
_	It is also pertinent to note that the author anticipated the criticism that the book would receive and has worked in the book, the reasons why books and criticisms should not be banned or suppressed.
_	In the song, Nyovest addresses the criticism that celebrities receive on social media and makes a reference to his highly publicized feud with rapper AKA.
_	A.L. Srivastava replied to the criticism that Sarkar's interpretation of the jizya was not fair, arguing that Sarkar had only summed up the agreed judgements of the Muslim jurists.
_	By using these two methods, the researchers were able to overcome the criticism that candidate gene studies are solely focused on prior knowledge.
_	There had been speculation that the criticism that he had received after being sent off in the World Cup would lead to him leaving England, but Beckham decided to stay at Manchester United.
_	However, this likewise meets with the criticism that tacit consent is incompatible with "express" opposition: i.e. the People cannot consent if they have no "right" to refuse.
_	Lastly, the camera has been slightly modified to address the criticism that the one in the original game moved erratically or too frequently.
_	Poor share price performance in the early years and a seeming failure to attract a broad enough shareholder base lent weight to the criticism that Endace should have focused initially on developing its local profile (via NZX) rather than pushing for overseas investment (via London AIM).
_	Although there is substance in the criticism that the Eisenhower NSC became to some extent the prisoner of a rigidly bureaucratic process, the criticism misses the point that Eisenhower and Dulles did not attempt to manage fast-breaking foreign policy crises or day-to-day operation through the NSC apparatus.
_	However, the chancellor Li Jifu were stung by the criticism that they gave and viewed these as personal attacks against him.
_	Some believe Saccheri concluded as he did only to avoid the criticism that might come from seemingly-illogical aspects of hyperbolic geometry.
_	The social dividend also has advantages over a basic income by addressing the criticism that a conventional basic income can be used as justification to weaken labor protection laws and unemployment compensation, creating a population dependent upon the subsistence levels of income afforded by the basic income, and might serve to further impede the transition to a post-capitalist society.
_	On her reaction to the criticism that her blogging engendered, she has said "It's ridiculous to be so willing to expose myself and at the same time be so hypersensitive.
_	Lastly, Madison addresses the criticism that departing from the limited number of a few hundred electors in the present state constitutions to thousands of electors in a federal system is bound to elect untrustworthy representatives.
_	They shared a taste for poetry and country life: but since King was also a Crown official, who held several senior positions including Judge Advocate and Commissioner for Prizes, there may be some justice in the criticism that they were both ignoring their official duties.
_	Nicholas von Hoffman has made the criticism that "arrestingly irrelevant detail is [often] used", while Michael Massing believes Woodward's books are "filled with long, at times tedious passages with no evident direction."
_	Kim replied to the criticism that one "has to enter the tiger's cave to catch the tiger".
_	The argument of a limited quota of paper available to the publisher had to be overcome as well as the criticism that the publishing company VEB Verlag Technik had not published a new magazine for 28 years.
_	Announcing the formation of MIVILUDES, the French government acknowledged the criticism that MILS had received from outside France for certain activities that could be considered in violation of religious freedom.
_	The second episode of the season started with the "SNL" incident and Simpson's embarrassment over her failed performance and the criticism that followed.
_	While some made the criticism that Lindrum's play was somewhat mechanical and lacked style, rival and six-time World Champion Tom Newman wrote:
_	This attracted the criticism that, whereas Christian Scientists spent money on a magnificent church, they maintained no hospitals, orphanages or missions in the slums.
_	Gombrich was sensitive to the criticism that he did not like modern art and was obliged to defend his position on occasion.
_	So harsh was the criticism that Rogers Morton, at that time secretary of the interior, remarked "I wish the Russians were here", to divert the attention of the Chinese criticisms.
_	D. W. Griffith made a film in 1916, called "Intolerance", partly in response to the criticism that "The Birth of a Nation" received.
_	He did not want to feed the criticism that he was more interested in personal stardom than winning.
_	Some of the criticism that the documentary has received has been directed toward its limited coverage of everything that the Black Power movement encapsulated.
_	These press conferences contributed greatly to the criticism that Eisenhower was ill-informed or merely a figurehead in his government.
_	He has also acknowledged the criticism that was made that the open world in the first game was less than satisfying, and hopes to add more detail this time around.
_	He wrote, however, that Hemmings's position was understandable when considering the criticism that Summerhill and Neill withstood from "conventional educational wisdom" and "horrified hearsay", which had turned the school into "a type of scholastic folk myth" to set straight.
_	Although Islamic modernists were subject to the criticism that the reforms they promoted amounted to westernizing Islam, their legacy was significant and their thought influenced future generations of reformers.
_	While this approach was popular in the state, it was done in part to blunt the criticism that he was receiving for a variety of reasons: failing to follow through with promises of jobs for office-seekers; filling those jobs with acquaintances, and attempting to wrest control of state agencies from the legislature.
_	He was also known for his endorsement of eugenics and biological determinism, adding to this theory that it was equally natural for members of a genetic group to sacrifice themselves for the benefit of others of the same group, thus attacking the criticism that the notion of sacrifice makes this theory inapplicable to humanity.
_	The subpoena to Miller seeks her notes and other materials, including documents concerning Plame prepared by Miller and "Times" columnist Nicholas D. Kristof.<br>Kristof wrote the first account of the criticism that Plame's husband was leveling at the Bush administration.
_	Notwithstanding the criticism that the terms of implementation of the referendum are subjective and despite its shortcomings (see below), the referendum still has its followers at the expense of only being used to renovate.
_	Selling the story to the "Daily Mail" also earned him £20,000, but only furthered the criticism that he was a "mercenary".
_	He had already left the Viennese freemason's lodge in 1926 to avoid the criticism that had occurred at that time against the relationship between the Pan-European movement and freemasonry.
_	However, Manson was not quite sure that it represented the criticism that the subject matter deserved.
_	Archaeologists have made the criticism that many such patterns can be easily found as Britain is so rich in ancient sites of different types from different periods.
_	Despite the criticism that Day faced from friends for wanting to start a new lodging option on a "no-name island" with a flagging tourist economy, the first Days Inn was 100 percent occupied by April 1970.
_	The CPP accepted the criticism that they had been too uncritical towards the Soviet Union.
_	This version in turn met with the criticism that it had departed too far from Lysenko's intentions.
_	Ali Thanvi also supported the Muslim League's demand for the creation of Pakistan and he dismissed the criticism that most Muslim League members were not practising Muslims.
_	During the so-called Reich strife in the fall of 1937 and throughout 1938 the criticism that was leveled at Reich's theories and methods, in particular from traditional psychiatry, was unusually harsh.
_	From these early translations came the criticism that Hegel justifies authoritarian or even totalitarian forms of government:
_	The published version of the Anti-Terrorism Bill has attracted the criticism that it does not respect the separation of powers and is thus unconstitutional.
_	A lot of the criticism that Buduong suffered stemmed from the premise that Buduong's views were as a result of the patriarchy prevalent in many societies today, especially in Ghana.
_	Nevertheless, the criticism that the duo had personally received meant that their personal morale and enthusiasm had evaporated by the end of the run.
_	The banks had also responded to the criticism that they were secretive about their tariffs and for the first time published a standard tariff for personal customers.
_	Even more severe is the criticism that Buber de-emphasized the importance of the Jewish Law in Hasidism.
_	In response to the criticism that the books promote Wicca, a number of Wiccans and other commenters have argued that the critics' definition of Wicca tends to lump together many and various spiritualist practices that actually have little in common.
_	Conor Friedersdorf, another journalist at "The Atlantic" disputed the criticism that McClelland was operating under a "colonialist mindset", instead seeing the "Jezebel" letter as unjustifiably scapegoating McClelland.
_	This is largely in response to the criticism that American mathematics curricula are "a mile wide and an inch deep".
_	Modern scholars often endorse the criticism that was levelled at "Love's Last Shift" from the first, namely that it is a blatantly commercial combination of sex scenes and drawn-out sentimental reconciliations.
_	Kastner's relationship with these passengers led to the criticism that his negotiations with Becher had focused on saving people he knew, an allegation that led to his assassination in 1957.
_	The American scholar Claudia Johnson defended the novel from the criticism that it has an unrealistic fairy-tale quality.
_	But Moore raises the criticism that by using neoclassical tools and methodology Palley has failed to take both time and uncertainty (key Post-Keynesian concerns) in a sufficiently serious fashion.
_	He conducted it on strict business principles, and to the criticism that more great works were not produced replied that they would not sell.
_	(Marshall later actively mischaracterized the criticism that these costs were themselves ultimately determined by marginal utilities.)
_	One early promo for "30 Rock" portrayed Alec Baldwin mistakenly thinking he would meet Sorkin, and when asked on her "Ask Tina" space what she thought of the criticism that "30 Rock" received, Fey jokingly replied that people who did not like it were probably confusing it with "Studio 60".
_	About Nolte's criticism over the line "expulsion of the kulaks", Habmeras wrote: "I accept the criticism that, "annihilation", not "expulsion" of the kulaks is the appropriate description of this barbaric event.
_	I fully expected us to turn up and produce something, but we didn't and we have to accept all the criticism that comes our way."
_	Hill for taking stylistic risks but conceded that the album "invites some of the criticism that will inevitably come its way."
_	Aside from that, he was also challenged to continue painting as a career because of the criticism that he heard from others regarding the career in painting.
_	The panel was also stated that "Although we deplore the tone of much of the criticism that has been directed at CRU, we believe that this questioning of the methods and data used in dendroclimatology will ultimately have a beneficial effect and improve working practices."
_	In an article in "Fast Company," cited below, Peters remarked that the criticism that "If these companies are so excellent, Peters, then why are they doing so badly now," in his opinion "pretty much misses the point."
_	The 9/11 Commission members were appointed by President George W. Bush and the United States Congress, which led to the criticism that the Commission was not independent.
_	Gender defined the criticism that a poem would receive, rather than the actual work itself.
_	Regarding the criticism that Balan's character might evoke, Luthria clarified, "I wanted Vidya to know that what she's doing is not crass or crude but can be shown aesthetically in a sensual manner with a touch of class.
_	Thus rationalizing the criticism that the Qur'an would direct towards the main corpus of Jews (and Christians) for not accepting the concept of Qibla, particularly that of Kaaba.
_	This has led to the criticism that Fight Against The Right doesn’t actually defend democracy, but spreads an undemocratic atmosphere by fighting and outlawing a whole Political spectrum.
_	Such arguments invite the criticism that Calvinists teach salvation by decree of God rather than justification by faith alone, that they "so zealously sought to guard the free grace of God in salvation that they denied faith any involvement at all in the actual justification of sinners."
_	This made the lenses attach more like the bayonet-lock mounts of other brands, and did away with the criticism that Canon lenses were more slow and fiddly to mount.
_	However, the second moral of the story mitigates the first one and reveals the criticism that Perrault is aiming at: That "without doubt it is a great advantage to have intelligence, courage, good breeding, and common sense.
_	According to an editor for the Mexican journal "El Imparcial", the song "responds to all the criticism that has been made in relation to gender violence.
_	His influence is evident in the work of many philosophers in modern Iran even if that is left concealed in their biographies and writings due to the criticism that is generally directed at his thinking by intellectuals with liberal and leftist politics.
_	Despite the criticism that has followed Watts, he has maintained a spot in the senior side throughout his career and has played over one hundred matches.
_	Defending against the criticism that they and other white artists were being "predatory" by "systematically pillaging the R&B charts" and recording cover versions of songs written by black musicians, Crew-Cut member Rudi Maugeri responded:
_	Overkill's self-produced seventh album "W.F.O." (which stands for "Wide Fuckin' Open", a common biker term) was released on July 15, 1994 as an answer to the criticism that "I Hear Black" had received.
_	One of the most often criticised points of C++ is its perceived complexity as a language, with the criticism that a large number of non-orthogonal features in practice necessitates restricting code to subset of C++, thus eschewing the readability benefits of common style and idioms.
_	However, in a 1994 article Kirk Varnedoe thought it necessary to defend Twombly's seemingly random marks and splashes of paint against the criticism that "This is just scribbles – my kid could do it".
_	Regarding the euhemerization in the "Prologue", Faulkes (1985) commented that "undoubtedly one of the motives for including the prologue, and maybe the chief reason for the use of the frame device itself, was to avoid the criticism that his stories were dangerous to [Christian] orthodoxy".
_	Answering the criticism that generic fascism was an invalid concept because no other fascist movement produced anything equivalent to the Holocaust, Nolte argued that National Socialism was "radical fascism".
_	He also stated that the song "Clones" touches on the criticism that the band sounds too much like the band Tool, but going on to say it's about "getting shit from peers and people saying that you're ripping somebody else off" and that the song goes back to his youth as well as one other track.
_	Reviewing his work on the hypothalamus, LeVay defends his 1991 study from the criticism that the differences in brain structure between gay and straight men which it found were simply a side-effect of AIDS, which all the gay men in the study had died from.
_	In the 1973 paperback edition, Levy added an extensive preface discussing and responding to the criticism that the book received for being critical of Jefferson.
_	In response to the criticism that NPC behavior had been too simplistic in "Morrowind", Bethesda developed the Radiant A.I. system for "Oblivion".
_	Some resistance came from some who opposed the use of the word "Satoyama" since it is only used in Japanese and is not a common term throughout the world, and from some major agricultural exporting countries who "made the criticism that the Satoyama Initiative would augment local production for local consumption, and thus inhibit free trade in goods in the spirit of the GATT Uruguay Round" before it was finally included in the COP 10 decision.
_	In an interview with the Boston Globe, interviewer Anna Mundow, questioned Joseph Nye over the criticism that smart power is the friendly face of American imperialism.
_	The most basic is the criticism that both of these theories contain the relatively explicit assumption that happy and satisfied workers produce more, even though this might not be the case.
_	Roger Matuz and Cathy Falk in their article "Henry Louis Gates, Jr. and Current Debate in African-American Literary Criticism, An Introduction," explore the criticism that the term Signifyin(g) has faced since its introduction in Gates text, "The Signifying Monkey: A Theory of African-American Literary Criticism."
_	Although Wertheimer claimed that the film's drawbacks were not simply caused by the medium, he did make the criticism that the prom scenes were sapped by the commercial breaks: the filmmakers, he argued, should have opted for a shorter sequence.
_	Each edition is different from the previous one, each learning from the criticism that was made through evaluation seminars.
_	This difference overcame the criticism that they were introducing plurality into the pure Monotheism of Judaism.
_	There is nothing in the criticism that Carter has for Israel that has not been said by Israelis themselves."
_	Lovelock's model countered the criticism that some "secret consensus" would be required for planetary regulation by showing how in this model thermoregulation of the planet, beneficial to the two species, arises naturally.
_	In this paper, Madison addresses the criticism that the House of Representatives is too small to sufficiently understand the varied interests of all its constituents.
_	These documents repeated the criticism that American mathematics curricula are a "mile wide and an inch deep" in comparison to the mathematics of most other nations, a finding from the Second and Third International Mathematics and Science Studies.
_	Sam Dolgoff shows some of the criticism that some people on the other anarchist currents at the time had for anarcho-naturist tendencies.
_	He rejected the criticism that insufficient weight was given to the difficulties of fighting in the urban environment, and said that he was surprised by what he called "the intensity and viciousness of the personal attacks aimed at members of the Mission".
_	Branching from this is the criticism that freestyle is exclusively to create the crashes and roll-overs that casual fans enjoy, and events like the World Finals tend to reinforce the argument with multiple roll-overs and even trucks driving over each other.
_	Blavatsky's devotees often try to attribute the criticism that she sustained to the fact that she attacked the vested interests of both the Christian establishment and the material scientific skeptics, rather than it being a reaction to her frauds and impostures.
_	Nevertheless, he was never able to forget the criticism that this work had engendered.
_	Rosberg said the race was "a day for the sport" considering the criticism that Formula One has had in 2014.
_	In contrast to his admirers, California Chrome's image was somewhat diminished by the criticism that followed Coburn's post-Belmont comments.
_	However, the public bought them avidly, despite the criticism that was levelled at his other works, and they remained the basis of his contemporary reputation and income.
_	Suggesting that it was at times difficult to be criticized, Lichtenstein said, “I don’t doubt when I’m actually painting, it’s the criticism that makes you wonder, it does.
_	The article also highlights the criticism that Valeant Pharmaceuticals controversial strategy has attracted from patients finding themselves unable to afford drugs after price hikes by Valeant.
_	The following year Person put out two papers which answered to the criticism that had been levelled at the findings of Lee's study.
_	From the advocates of the "Sonderweg" approach came the criticism that Nolte’s views had totally externalized the origins of the National Socialist dictatorship to the post-1917 period, whereas in their view, the roots of the Nazi dictatorship can be traced back to the 19th century Second Reich.
_	Rees-Mogg has defended offshore tax havens, and his vast wealth (£100,000,000+, with his wife, when she comes into her inheritance, as of November 2016) has left him open to the criticism that he can not understand the lives and concerns of many ordinary people.
_	Fiscal sponsorship arrangements, if not handled carefully, can be vulnerable to the criticism that they serve merely as conduits for the transmission of deductible donations to entities not qualified to receive them.
_	Based on the criticism that American secondary education curriculum had been designed to meet the needs of college admissions rather than those of students, the Progressive Education Association sponsored an eight-year study between 1933 and 1941 to determine whether young adults could excel in college if college admission requirements were revoked.
_	Stitt, when playing tenor saxophone, seemed to break free from some of the criticism that he was imitating Parker's style, and he began to develop a far more distinctive sound on tenor.
_	Tim Ho Wan would eventually earn a Michelin star of its own in the 2010 Hong Kong and Macau Guide, a distinction which some have stated was a move in response to the criticism that the Michelin Guide was "elitist" and "out of touch with local tastes."
