_	However, the band failed to secure a new contract, and on May 27, 1979 (a year to the day that Roussel had joined the band), Kit Watkins announced his departure to the British band Camel.
_	In Israel, Mother's Day is celebrated on the day that Szold died, on the 30th of Shevat.
_	First it is as if they were themselves, but living sixteen years in the past, on the day that they first met.
_	Rabbi Melai taught in the name of Rabbi Isaac of Magdala that from the day that Joseph departed from his brothers he abstained from wine, reading to report, "The blessings of your father . . . shall be on the head of Joseph, and on the crown of the head of him who was a nazirite (since his departure) from his brethren."
_	5) between Rabbi Akiva, who declared this verse in Leviticus to contain the great principle of the Law ("Kelal gadol ba-Torah"), and Ben Azzai, who pointed to Gen. v. 1 ("This is the book of the generations of Adam; in the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made he him"), as the verse expressing the leading principle of the Law, obviously because the first verse gives to the term "neighbor" its unmistakable meaning as including all men as being sons of Adam, made in the image of God.
_	It documents the interactions and reactions that take place among three brothers on the day that their father dies, which one brother films at the final request of the father.
_	Equally underreported he starred in 14 pilot sitcoms that never made it to broadcast along with innumerable guest appearances on other TV shows of the day that did air.
_	William Hoppar supplied a chest for the royal wardrobe on the day that Margaret Tudor arrived in Edinburgh.
_	Bodhi Day is the Buddhist holiday that commemorates the day that the historical Buddha, Siddhartha Gautama (Shakyamuni), experienced enlightenment, also known as "bodhi" in Sanskrit and Pali.
_	The plans for a lavish wedding continue until the day that Buckley tells Kay that he wants to take her on a fishing trip in Nova Scotia for their honeymoon.
_	Two months after Cornell's death, on July 20, 2017, the day that would have been Cornell's 53rd birthday, Chester Bennington, lead singer of Linkin Park, died by suicide by hanging.
_	Tran left Vietnam on April 30, 1975, the day that Saigon fell to the communists.
_	Brooker noted that the episode had coincidentally first premiered in New York on the day that news broke about Weinstein's allegations.
_	December 21, 2012 was simply the day that the calendar went to the next b'ak'tun, at Long Count 13.0.0.0.0.
_	He was freed on the day that the right wing military revolt led by General Kornilov collapsed, and returned to Helsingfors.
_	On the day that Plutonian began his attack, Max was about to unleash a deadly plague that would kill billions, out of anger against ordinary people who possess the ability to taste, smell and feel - sensations his powers prevent.
_	The school was a model of 1970s architecture and echoed the educational sentiment of the day that called for minimal distraction in a classroom.
_	The book of Jubilees taught that it was ordained that the children of Israel should afflict themselves on the tenth day of the seventh month because that was the day that the news came to Jacob that made him weep for the loss of his son Joseph.
_	Carrie and Max (Maury Sterling) also look into Simone Martin's movements on the day that McClendon died.
_	On 1 August 1975, De Bois was killed in a car accident near his home in Oldenzaal, it was the day that his former club AFC Ajax had organized a ceremonial friendly match between the senior teams of Ajax and FC Twente in honor of De Bois, who had officially declared his retirement from the sport that same year.
_	From the day that Speaker arrived in Cleveland, manager Lee Fohl rarely made an important move without consulting him.
_	In June 1502, the king's 8th year, "uinyeo" were sent to families who were holding a wedding to investigate marriage presents on the day that the family sent the dowry.
_	This leads into further eye-witness accounts of the day that Malcolm X died, by community activist Yuri Kochiyama, Malcolm X's wife, Betty Shabazz, and one of his aides, Imam Benjamin Karim.
_	His signing came amidst some controversy as the B.C. Lions had announced earlier in the day that they had agreed to terms with Foley.
_	Although these were cumbersome to deploy they proved an effective gap crossing device and were used widely by the tanks of the day that weighed up to about 30 tons.
_	On the day that the bill was introduced, Molly Gill, of Families Against Mandatory Minimums, said that "it doesn’t go as far as we would like."
_	The Balinese believed that he chose the time of his death at the day that considered most holy.
_	But nothing could prepare him for the day that his 15-year-old son, Pedro, disappeared without a trace.
_	Wainwright sings that he and "Liza" are now friends, that he looks forward to their next reunion, and that they will be "famous til the day that [they] die".
_	The game was Rice's last home game as a 49er and the day that Owens set the then-NFL record for single-game receptions, with 20.
_	In the ending scene T.G. Drives to a subway train and then boards it and remembers the day that Abraham and Lincoln both died.
_	On the day that some of the inmates, including Barbarita, are being transported to the main State Prison, a planned escape by some of those inmates gives her the chance to run away.
_	On the day that the committee was formed, August 17, MKS posted a handwritten list of twenty-one demands in the shipyard.
_	And red-orange, which represents the traditional Thai color for Thursday, the day that Princess Chulabhorn Walailak was born (4 July 1957).
_	Her decision came on the day that victims and survivors of child abuse said that they were "unanimous" that she should quit, citing her social links with ex-Home Secretary Lord Brittan; their announcement came immediately after a meeting with Home Office officials.
_	On the day that Scott's wife gives birth to Julie and Steve's grandson, Steve proposes to Julie and she accepts.
_	Saturday is usually the day that farmers go to the market, but Henry has taken his whole family along this time.
_	In 2012, just over a year to the day that Marsh died, the Bridge Center for Racial Harmony posthumously presented its Spirit of the River Award to Marsh.
_	On the day that James VI of Scotland was crowned he wrote to Elizabeth that her ambassador Nicolas Throckmorton had helped defuse the situation and save Mary's life.
_	On June 1, the day that the 1969 Atlantic hurricane season officially began, Tropical Depression Six made landfall on the Zapata Peninsula in Cuba.
_	According to Smith's mother, the angel returned the objects to Smith on September 22, 1828, the anniversary of the day that he first received them.
_	God placed Adam in the Garden to tend it and warned Adam not to eat the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil, "for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die."
_	Since the day that arrow was found, the place started to be worshiped by Hindus and visited by pilgrims.
_	On the day that Brown is planning a press conference to begin the destruction of the park, Smith, Rachel, and the bears rescue the turtle and try to bring it to the media's attention.
_	Accordingly, the electoral commission declared later in the day that Mutharika had won the presidential election with 36.4% of the vote.
_	Narrated from the first-person perspective of John Moore, a crime reporter for "The New York Times", the novel begins on January 8, 1919, the day that Theodore Roosevelt is buried.
_	When a German aircraft reported at the end of the day that none of the monitors had been sunk, Mackensen dismissed all 7 officers.
_	The Browns' record was 4–5 on November 6, the day that owner Art Modell announced the team would be moving to Baltimore, Maryland for the 1996 season.
_	Seven is able to jump back in time to try to stop Braxton from planting the device, but he escapes to the day that "Voyager" would be destroyed.
_	The Writers Guild of America went on strike on November 4, 2007—the day that the writers finished editing the final draft of the script of "Meet Kevin Johnson".
_	The statue was unveiled by Queen Elizabeth II on 28 April 1993; the Queen was reported as having remarked on the day that it was "not before time" for such a tribute.
_	Additionally, caddies are often allowed to play the course at which they caddie for free, usually on a Monday (the day that most private clubs choose to close their course for maintenance).
_	The league in 2003–04 was won by Perth Glory after a 1-0 win against Parramatta Power on 4 April 2004, almost 27 years to the day that the national competition began.
_	With his available aircraft augmented by Hawker Hurricanes and Bristol Blenheims, he conducted attacks on enemy convoys before evacuating the area on 15 February 1942, the day that Singapore surrendered.
_	Day 22 is the final working day of the Junk Raiders experiment, and the day that the Evergreen Brick Works is open to the public for the first time.
_	On the day that this second print run arrived, the United States Congress changed the tax law enough that the book was outdated.
_	Because of this set up; delays taken throughout the day that result in a delay the last flight (first flight of a CDO) do not impact the first flight the next day.
_	On the day that the treaty went into force, the Nobel Prize Committee awarded Pauling the Nobel Peace Prize, describing him as "Linus Carl Pauling, who ever since 1946 has campaigned ceaselessly, not only against nuclear weapons tests, not only against the spread of these armaments, not only against their very use, but against all warfare as a means of solving international conflicts."
_	One of the prevailing arguments of the day that Pettenkofer focused on was the relationship between sewage and the health of a population.
_	He was welcomed as the country's leader by a jubilant Algerian population on July 3, 1962, the day that independence was recognised officially by France.
_	Although the exact date is unknown, Alan's family observes this day as the second day of Passover, and this is almost 65 years to the day that Alan died in the arms of his wife and daughter, March 22, 2010.
_	26 March 1991 is the day that marks the clash between military soldiers and peaceful demonstrating students which climaxed in the massacre of dozens under the orders of then President Moussa Traoré.
_	These administrations will continue to exercise their authority until the day that the newly elected respective local government units are inaugurated into office.
_	The current version of the emblem was officially adopted on 26 January 1950, the day that India became a republic.
_	September 17, 2011 will go into Greenbank FC's history books as the day that the club celebrated the treble.
_	On the day that World War II broke out ‘the Cats’ took on Cork at Croke Park.
_	However, Herb is still very much in love with Susie which conflicts his very growing feelings for Vivian, leading him to eventually stand her up on the day that they were supposed to view the rare solar eclipse together.
_	Ericeira is more famously known for the day that King Manuel II of Portugal went into exile, from the "Praia dos Pescadores", after the outbreak of the 5 October 1910 revolution.
_	In the beginning, naming the school after Wayoata Street met with some opposition, since the official opening occurred on the day that The Prince Andrew was born.
_	On the day that Marilyn Monroe's death is announced, Hollis expresses sympathy for her ex-husband Joe DiMaggio, in contrast to many of Sterling Cooper's female characters who mourn Marilyn's loss, and male characters (such as Roger), who appear emotionally unaffected.
_	Two strikers were killed and at least thirty others were injured on the day that became known as "Bloody Saturday"; the event polarized the population.
_	On the morning of the day that he is supposed to get his first Pokémon, it is revealed that Ash has accidentally broken his alarm clock and oversleeps.
_	The Radeon VE had the advantage of somewhat better dual-monitor display software, but it did not offer hardware T&L, an emerging 3D rendering feature of the day that was the major attraction of Direct3D
_	During that match, which was played on the day that he qualified for England, Kieswetter scored to help the Lions beat the senior team.
_	September 2, 1642 was the day that every theatre company was outlawed from performing.
_	Regarding a recent proposal to allow those with concealed gun permits to carry them into other states, White's staff added that he resigned the day that the group took out a newspaper advertisement denouncing that proposal.
_	The winning streak continued on March 18, where they defeated the Boston Celtics five years to the day that the Celtics snapped the Houston Rockets' 22-game win streak, coming back from a 17-point deficit in the game.
_	On 21 June 2013, the NOAA survey ship NOAAS "Thomas Jefferson" (S 222), operating in the area to conduct hydrographic surveys for navigation safety after Hurricane Sandy, held a wreath-tossing ceremony in the general area of the wreck to honor "Robert J. Walker"s dead on the 153rd anniversary of her sinking – the first official commemorative ceremony ever held for them – then collected survey data using multibeam sonar and sidescan sonar later in the day that established with 80 percent certainty the identity and location of the wreck.
_	This is proven by Abed who mentions the air date of the episode "Advanced Criminal Law" as the day that they made the deal, October 15, 2009.
_	In the fourth reading (, "aliyah"), starting the day that the Tabernacle was set up, a cloud covered the Tabernacle by day, and a fire rested on it by night.
_	On August 31, 1979, almost 30 years to the day that Consulate Canton had been closed, Vice-President Walter Mondale unveiled the seal for the new U.S. Consulate Guangzhou on the 11th floor of the Dongfang Hotel at 120 Liu Hua Road.
_	The nickname soon stuck, and even the public (when the toll-paid traffic started) felt these motions on the day that the bridge opened on July 1, 1940.
_	On May Day of 1900, Stalin began to organize a secret meeting of the revolutionaries, considering it was the day that labor usually demonstrated.
_	She soon learns throughout the day that Jim has become slightly distant at her and that he has formed a close relationship with Karen Filippelli (Rashida Jones), visibly shaking her.
_	This was seen by users on Twitter as a personal attack on Clegg on the day that the second [[United Kingdom general election debates, 2010|Prime Ministerial television debate]] was to take place after he performed well in the first.
_	On the day that he was to be killed as an offering to the gods, his half-sister Bo Ji wept and wore mourning clothes.
_	Imamat Day is celebrated by Nizari Ismaili Shiʿi Muslims to mark the anniversary of the day that their present ("Hazar")
_	Heydon withdrew from the speech on the day that the media obtained Liberal Party flyers describing the event as a fundraiser.
_	On the day that the Abortion Act 1967 came into force, Saturday 27 April 1968, the first patients had their consultations in the front room of the then Chairman, Dr Martin Cole.
_	On the day that he crossed the Yellow River from Shaanxi(Shensi) back to Shanxi, this time by boat, Taiyuan the Shanxi capital fell to the Japanese.
_	Although the oscillator is housed in a temperature-controlled enclosure, it is subjected to thermal variation throughout the day that results in minor changes in the frequency of the translation signal.
_	Questor would file for bankruptcy on June 27, 2001, five years to the day that Richard Long had died.
_	Following an earlier effort in 2011, with its acquisition of the Ring of Honor wrestling promotion, Sinclair launched the American Sports Network programming in 2014, and entered into a production investment and development deal with the Michael Eisner-owned Tornante Company on the day that Comet's then-upcoming launch was announced.
_	People with ALS and caregivers can learn from dieticians how to plan and prepare numerous small meals throughout the day that provide enough calories, fiber and fluid, and how to avoid foods that are difficult to swallow.
_	The Assumption is important to many Catholic and Orthodox Christians as the Virgin Mary's heavenly birthday (the day that Mary was received into Heaven).
_	It was reported in the press of the day that the show's producer Lew Leslie was so concerned about race violence connected with the controversy surrounding Adelaide's performance that he took out a hefty insurance policy to cover the cast; the most heavily insured were the principals, Adelaide Hall and "Bojangles" Robinson.
_	Thereafter, the Secretary of the Senate retrieved the original manuscript journal of the Senate and opened it to March 28, 1834, the day that the censure was applied.
_	The Finnish Swedish Heritage Day is celebrated on the same day as Gustavus Adolphus Day in Sweden, the day that king Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden was killed at the Battle of Lützen in 1632.
_	Three UK (officially "Hutchison 3G UK Limited") launched in the UK on 3 March 2003 (03-03-03), the day that 3G services went live across the country, and handsets went on sale later that month.
_	He was educated at Tottenham County School and the University of Edinburgh, qualifying on 5 July 1948, the day that the NHS started.
_	Expiry (or Expiration in the U.S.) is the time and the day that a particular delivery month of a futures contract stops trading, as well as the final settlement price for that contract.
_	British Coachways began operation on the day that coach services were deregulated, 6 October 1980, on a network based around five service corridors linking London with major population centres.
_	Temer signed a decree changing the start of DST to the first Sunday of November (coinciding with the day that DST ends in the United States and Canada), beginning in 2018.
_	In March 2016, "The Wee Blue Book" was followed by "The Wee Black Book", also 72 pages long, documenting events since the referendum and released on the day that Scotland would supposedly have become independent.
_	On the day that he died, Columba clairvoyantly saw his death and told others that for his charity in life, his soul was then being carried up to heaven by the angels.
_	However, seven years later, on October 13, 1976, 96 years to the day that it passed its final inspection, the Red Bridge was burnt down by arson.
_	On the day that the English fleet encounters the Dutch at sea near the mouth of the Thames, the four friends take a barge downriver towards the noise from the battle.
_	Underway for Samar on the 12th, "Alcona" arrived three days later and was lying at anchor off Samar the day that Japan capitulated, 15 August 1945.
_	He stated that the Iraq War had the effect of creating more terrorists and that the "war was lost the day that George Bush invaded Iraq on a fraudulent basis."
_	It was performed and recorded in Rockefeller Auditorium, Oslo, on 3 September 2004, the day that would have been Valfar's 26th birthday.
_	On the day that Arcadia Gómez summons her five nieces to inform them that she will soon be dead, she receives a surprise of devastating proportions: all of them, without exception, have come down with a virus called "impossible love".
_	That was the day that Alice Moseley became a professional folk artist.
_	This reminds Eli of the day that a giant grizzly bear (Bart the Bear) killed his parents.
_	Unlike many processors of the day that used a microcoded architecture, the 6809 more resembled the simplified RISC machines that would later appear in the 1980s.
_	The first copies were delivered to his home on the day that he died.
_	It is certain that from the day that Don Hernando Cortés, Marques del Valle, entered this land, in the seven years, more or less, that he governed, the natives suffered many deaths, much maltreatment, robbery and violence, taking advantage of their labor and their lands, without order or moderation...
_	On November 5, 2007, Universal Orlando confirmed the refurbishment on the day that the original "Earthquake" attraction was permanently closed.
_	The impossible feats include: rainbows burning the stars out in the sky, oceans covering the tops of every mountain, dolphins flying, and parrots living at sea, dreaming of life and life becoming a dream, day becoming night and vice versa, trees and the seas flying away, 8×8×8 equaling 4, this day becoming the last day, the Earth turning right to left, the Earth denying itself, Mother Nature saying her work is through, and "until the day that you are me and I am you."
_	Rather, it comes from a clock which was discovered by the director, by chance, in a skip nearby the studio on the day that scene was to be filmed."
_	On the day that Hesse was established, the first state legislative elections were held, leading to the appointment of Christian Stock on 20 December as the first democratically-elected minister-president of Hesse.
_	Guam's World AIDS day in 1992 was also the day that Crisostomo became the first Chamorro to publicly come out as living with AIDS.
_	In a charter made in Capua, 26 July 982, "on the day that we fight the Saracens"
_	He dreams of the day that may never come—when he finally gets to leave the desolated planet of Apatros.
_	The founding date was also the day that Kuo married Goh.
_	On the anniversary of the day that the PFA was formed in 1907 – December 2 – there was a match between an England Legends XI, captained by Alan Shearer and managed by Terry Venables, against a World Legends XI captained by Gianfranco Zola and managed by Jürgen Klinsmann, culminating in a Gala Dinner in the evening involving a host of top entertainers.
_	On 28 September, the day that the "Waikato Times"' second poll was published, Macpherson withdrew from the race and asked his supporters to back Wilson.
_	Among them died Laprida Francisco, who had been president of the Congress of Tucumán on the day that Argentina declared independence.
_	Czechs are following news of the Newts' advances and conquests with a distant interest, feeling that as a landlocked country far from any sea they themselves have nothing to worry - until the day that a Newt is seen swimming in Prague's own Vltava River, and the Czechs suddenly realize that they are the next target.
_	The downfall of Richard ironically begins on the day that his money troubles end.
_	Unbeknownst to Malcolm Fraser in Canberra, on the day that the election was called Bill Hayden's supporters were moving against him in Brisbane.
_	It was recorded on 21 October 1971 in London, the day that they finished the song "Alive", which is included on their ninth album called "To Whom It May Concern".
_	This was the day that Evdokia Petrov was mauled onto a Syney plane by violent KGB officers in order to take her back to Russia to her "death sentence".
_	Management resisted and Walter led rehearsals, but on the day that the first concert was to take place, the police, "in the name of the Saxon ministry of the interior," forbade the dress rehearsal and the concerts; Walter left Leipzig.
_	'On the day that ye eat thereof ye shall die.'
_	"The Portsmouth Herald" considers its foundation date to be September 23, 1884, the day that its predecessor "The Penny Post" first appeared in Portsmouth.
_	In a charter made in Capua, 26 July 982, "on the day that we fight the Saracens"
_	The decision to not participate in RGGI was revealed on the day that he announced he would not run for re-election, spurring accusations that he had switched his stance in order to gain support from industry groups for a possible presidential campaign.
_	That was the day that Congress initially approved and authorized subsidy to allow and support a volunteer army of up to 500,000 men to the cause.
_	In an orgy of victory on the day that the city fell—September 9, every public building and palace was looted.
_	Bowdon, who was active in the First United Methodist Church of Alexandria, was survived by his wife, Ina Smith "Smitty" Bowdon (October 9, 1922–February 26, 2008), whom he met in Alexandria on the day that he returned from the Marines; a son, W. George "Bill" Bowdon, III, of Baton Rouge, a retired USMC officer, and two grandsons, William George Bowdon, IV, of Bossier City and Robert Scott Bowdon of Houston, Texas.
_	During that tournament, a brother died in a traffic accident on the day that Argentina played Italy.
_	Along with her new friend, Elliot Stryker, Christina Evans sets out to find out what could have possibly happened on the day that her son 'died'.
_	The Mazamas had some logistical problems and were not able to climb the day that Rusk and the rest of his party did.
_	On the day that Gibbs is shot, he draws his pistol but refuses to fire when he realises that the shooter is Steven.
_	On the day that the trip began, The National Center received large donations from two of Abramoff's clients, internet lottery service eLottery, Inc., and the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians.
_	Thus, Gentoo users may upgrade to the latest version of all of their installed software the day that new versions are released and have an ebuild available.
_	On the day that the Vietnamese envoy Lý Kế Tiên prepared to depart from Kaifeng back to Đại Việt, news arrived that Thàn Thiệu Thái had raided Song's Guangnan West Circuit again.
_	On the day that Babbitt gets elected vice-president of the Booster's club, he finds out that Paul shot his wife Zilla.
_	On the day that Prince George′s squadron departed, the admirals received a report that Greek warships had chased and fired on an Ottoman steamship off Crete, and they informed the commander of the Greek Navy that they would not allow Greek ships to fire at Ottoman vessels in the island′s waters.
_	She emerges on the day that the volcano becomes extinct, but her face is turned away and she cannot see him.
_	Episode 14 ended up airing on January 15, 1989 because Emperor Shōwa died on January 7; and on April 5, the day that Episode 25 aired, the show began airing on Wednesdays instead of Sundays.
_	The album was released on the stated date, with promotion from Alchemist on Twitter with tweets like: "Today is the day that you're gonna pay 10$ because you like my beats [link to the album's iTunes page]"
_	He stated that the Iraq War had the effect of creating more terrorists and that the "war was lost the day that George Bush invaded Iraq on a fraudulent basis."
_	On the day that the treaty went into force, October 10, 1963, the Nobel Prize Committee awarded Pauling the Nobel Peace Prize for 1962.
_	On the day that Masood and Zainab's divorce is finalised, Syed and Amira spot Masood together with Jane.
_	Regarding compensation claims on grounds of default, the limitation period starts with the day that the contractual penalty has been calculated.
_	It was formed after the election of Louis Napoleon as President on 20 December 1848, the day that he took his oath.
_	Oliver Vale was conceived on February 3, 1959, the day that iconic rock & roll singer Buddy Holly died.
_	They concern questions in the natural philosophy of the day that interested him.
_	Representative Darrell Issa, one of 19 Republicans to sign a letter criticizing the suit on the day that it was announced, said, "For President Obama to stand in the way of a state which has taken action to stand up for its citizens against the daily threat of violence and fear is disgraceful and a betrayal of his Constitutional obligation to protect our citizens."
_	Salatin goes on to say that he looks forward to the day that customers are willing to buy (and he is able to raise) a non-industrial meat bird.
_	Special Agent in charge of criminal investigations, Randall Ashe of the United States Environmental Protection Agency stated in front of television news cameras and reporters on the day that the offices of Crestwoods public works were raided that "this is the first time in history that the United States EPA has obtained a criminal search warrant on another government agency."
_	Rav Avira taught (sometimes in the name of Rabbi Ammi, sometimes in the name of Rabbi Assi) that the words "And the child grew, and was weaned ("va-yigamal", ), and Abraham made a great feast on the day that Isaac was weaned" in teach that God will make a great feast for the righteous on the day that God manifests ("yigmol")
_	The Bible reports that in the wilderness, on the day that the tabernacle was first raised up, the cloud of the Lord covered the tabernacle ().
_	The SDF announced during the day that over 220 new recruits had joined the offensive.
_	The story was that Smithwick committed suicide in his cell, but it is probable that he was murdered to keep him from speaking with Former Texas governor Coke Stevenson, who had arranged to meet the prisoner on the day that the "suicide" took place.
_	They were developed in isolation so that the rest of cast only saw the performance on the day that it was filmed in order to create a unique and impactful moment for each girl.
_	In the spiritual order, Beñesmen was the day that Aboriginal thanked and asked their gods, especially the two most important deities, Magec, Achamán and Chaxiraxi, identified with the Virgin of Candelaria (Patron of Canary Islands).
_	On the day that Bown retired as Superintendent of the Insurance Companies Fire Brigade (late 1867), it comprised twelve firemen; a foreman, an assistant foreman, a watchman, and three engineers.
_	On the day that Foster was named as the new head of Petrobras in January 2012, stockholder shares in the company spiked, gaining nearly four percent.
_	Photo Identification: the day that the police got Stavsky's photo from Halutz, the police brought it and a number of other photographs to Sima for identification.
_	He added that "Pope Benedict XVI has done more than any other pope or bishop in history to rid the Catholic Church of the scourge of child sexual abuse and provide for those who have been injured...on the day that Father Murphy died, he was still the defendant in a church criminal trial."
_	Born on the day that the high priestess of the Tombs of Atuan died, she is believed to be her reincarnation.
_	Bjerkhoel was present in the courtroom with Banks on May 24, 2012, the day that his conviction was finally dismissed.
_	His sentence will commence from the day that he was extradited back to Singapore.
_	The Brierley Hill to Walsall section of the line officially closed on 19 March 1993, nine years to the day that the Walsall-Lichfield line had closed.
_	Jensen boycotted Parliament on the day that the formal apology to the Stolen Generations was made by Prime Minister Kevin Rudd.
_	It has even been suggested that Mahdi’s own deputy was a secret supporter of Hasan, waiting to demonstrate his loyalty on the day that Hasan would ultimately take the castle.
_	The film then shows screenshots of newspaper articles from the day that Malcolm X was murdered.
_	St. John's Day is the day that it is believed that the mouras appear with their treasures and you may break their enchantment.
_	Blackwell pulled out to take the Luton Town manager's position on 27 March 2007, the day that he was due to be interviewed, then on 4 April 2007 a press conference was scheduled to announce the appointment of Phil Parkinson as the new manager.
_	On May 20, every year, the National Handball Day is celebrated, to mark the day that for the first time, a handball tournament was organized in Angola.
_	Wojtyła won on the eighth ballot on the third day 16 October, coincidentally the day that evangelical preacher Billy Graham had just concluded a 10-day pilgrimage to Poland, with, according to the Italian press, 99 votes from the 111 participating electors.
_	In 2010, on the 40th anniversary of the day that sparked the October Crisis, Cross agreed to speak to CBC Radio's "The Current" about the events surrounding his kidnapping.
_	Commuter cash or ticket passengers can obtain one free transfer on a Yakima Transit route for the day that they rode the Commuter.
_	The continued presence of U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia after the war was one of the stated motivations behind the 11 September terrorist attacks, the Khobar Towers bombing, and the date chosen for the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings (7 August), which was eight years to the day that U.S. troops were sent to Saudi Arabia.
_	He assumed the presidency the day that Cincinnatus Leconte died in office from a massive explosion that destroyed the presidential palace.
_	On 24 December 2009, the day that Central Radio was scheduled to close, it was announced that a buyer had been found, revealed to be competitor Niocom in January 2010.
_	The holiday, a break in printing, was traditionally also the day that papermakers took a break from making paper for the printers, and used up the last of the pulp to make paper for windows, waxed paper being the traditional window material for the yeoman class before the use of glass became more widespread, and after this was done, the pulp vats would be cleaned out for the new fibre, made from rags collected in the spring, and retted (prepared by rotting) over the summer.
_	On August 6, 2016, the day that would have been Ball's 105th birthday, the replacement statue was revealed.
_	On the day that Cave's body had been discovered, Colton Pitonyak and Laura Hall escaped from the United States, using Hall's automobile.
_	Police produced a photocopy of the duty roster for the day that showed that Newman was meant to have been in Tower 3 and Pascoe in Tower 4.
_	He firmly believes that Oddworld must define creativity, and "the day that it's not defining that for the public, I think we've got major issues... we have to see that we're getting stale before our audience does."
_	On January 2, the day that the organization renamed itself, they picked up a "Call of Duty" roster consisting of Jamie "JSey" Sey, JoshuaLee "Joshh" Sheppard, Jordan "Reedy" Reed, James "Dominate" Batz, and Benjamin "Bance" Bance.
_	He gave the date of Stampfl's detention as 2 July 1940, but, as this was the day that the "Arandora Star" was attacked, it was probably slightly earlier.
_	In January 2007, the Yankees traded Johnson back to the Diamondbacks, almost two years to the day that Arizona had traded him to New York, for a package of Luis Vizcaíno, Alberto González, Steven Jackson, and Ross Ohlendorf.
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of which was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	Fairfax made a full recovery from his injuries and was promoted to Detective Sergeant on the day that he was awarded the GC.
_	He prefers to believe that she's living on another planet, waiting for the day that they will meet each other again.
_	July 28 in each year commemorates the day that Peru gained its independence.
_	Other festivals celebrated at this temple in honor of the Divine Mother include Navaratri and "Aadi Pooram", a festival celebrating the day that Abhirami attained her menarche.
_	Relative surplus value is amplified because machinery shortens the part of the day that the worker works for his or her means of subsistence and increases the time that the worker produces for the capitalist.
_	But what Ofelia craves above all else is to find his grandson, who disappeared the day that her daughter died giving birth.
_	Ball was appointed caretaker manager the day that the managerial job at Sunderland became vacant.
_	When he arrived on the day that Superman and Wonder Woman's child was born, the entire Justice League tried to stop him, but they failed, and Gog took the child, deciding to go directly to the past where he intended to trigger the Kansas cataclysm almost twenty years early, burning Superman's insignia into the countryside.
_	Following sixteen years of service, he had a testimonial match in 1993 between "Spurs" and Enfield on the day that Alan Sugar sacked Terry Venables as manager of "Spurs", and a large crowd turned up in order to protest against the sacking.
_	On 15 February, before the siege of Ladysmith had been raised, Roberts had raised the siege of Kimberley and on the day that the British broke through the Tugela Heights, General Cronjé surrendered to Lord Roberts with 4000 men at Paardeberg.
_	Ginsberg began shooting the day that Richard, an old friend of Carels, came by to talk about the wedding.
_	"On the day that "Yo!
_	On 2 February 1972, the day that 12 of those killed were buried, there was a general strike in the Republic.
_	In a charter made in Capua, 26 July 982, "on the day that we fight the Saracens"
_	He also confirmed earlier in the day that he had completed recording music for the album.
_	Texts relate that the king of Naranjo was already captive at Calakmul on the day that his city was overrun and his punishment on the very same day is described by the word "k'uxaj" () meaning either "tortured" or "eaten".
_	The main event is called "Varnishing Day", the day that, according to popular legend, artists would come to add a final coat of varnish to their paintings (compare: "vernissage").
_	David thinks that his mother's eventual death occurred on the day that he made a mistake in his routine.
_	Police learned from her landlady that Ludlam had left a note saying that she would be meeting with Felker later on the day that she had last been seen.
_	Sparrow insists on being addressed as "Captain" and often gives the farewell, "This is the day you will always remember as the day that you "almost" caught Captain Jack Sparrow!" which is sometimes humorously cut off.
_	He said: "I am indeed a servant of Allah: He hath given me revelation and made me a prophet; And He hath made me blessed wheresoever I be, and hath enjoined on me Prayer and Charity as long as I live; (He) hath made me kind to my mother, and not overbearing or miserable; So peace is on me the day I was born, the day that I die, and the day that I shall be raised up to life (again)"!
_	According to McDew's autobiography, he believed that his birth date was notable because he was born on the day that boxer Joe Louis defeated Max Schmeling for the heavyweight championship of the world.
_	Then during the summer of 1998, Annie plotted her way to Gregory and they tied the knot on the day that Annie could have lost her father's money.
_	On the day that the book is available, Santhanam's wife leaves her kids at home to go to the market.
_	In 1976, interwoven scenes open the story on the day that Hannah Levine, living in Brooklyn, New York with a successful husband and their grown daughter, discovers that Tomasz, who for 30 years she had believed was dead, is alive.
_	Also, we had a few days testing a week or so ago when we went over 200mph, but its doing it on the day that counts".
_	Ltd. of Liverpool took possession of the ship and she was their property the day that she ran aground on 29 December 1916.
_	Bierenbaum, a licensed pilot, took a two-hour flight in a Cessna 172 from Essex County, New Jersey over the Atlantic Ocean on the day that Gail had vanished.
_	Due to severe differences between the developers, a new fork was created with the aMule project on August 18, 2003; the day that one of xMule's maintainers, Ted R. Smith, was sued by the Motion Picture Association of America.
_	Early on the morning of 27 June 1954, the day that the CIA "coup" forced Guatemala's elected President Jacobo Árbenz to resign and flee into exile, "Springfjord" was under charter to the US shipping company Grace Line and was at Puerto San José, Guatemala loading a mixed cargo that included coffee and 976 bales of cotton.
_	But on the day that prison door slammed shut, Ronnie sat down, sighed and finally smiled.
_	According to the Torah, a neder pronounced by a married woman or a female "still living in her father's house" can be "disallowed" by her husband or her father, respectively, if they so choose, but only on the day that they hear the vow.
_	In a statement about the series, Spears stated: "From the day that Kevin and I met, there have been constant rumors and inaccurate speculation about our lives together.
_	Julie Rogers hosted this show which was a short-lived, live call-in game show where home viewers have to answer one question of the day that was followed by panel of three celebrity judges ranking the best responses for a prize.
_	However, he suffered a fatal heart attack on the day that he was scheduled to be sworn in.
_	There was also a perception by the minister of the day that additional freight traffic generated by the North Auckland Line would not be worth considering as an argument for the tunnel, as it would be extremely limited.
_	Records from the 19th century suggest that there was a cricket club in existence in Birmingham by 1745, and that a cricket match was being played in Birmingham on the day that the Battle of Culloden was fought in 1746.
_	Kovic received the Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay on January 20, 1990, 22 years to the day that he was wounded in Vietnam, and was nominated for an Academy Award in the same category.
_	In yogic lore, it is said that Guru Purnima was the day that saw Shiva become the Adi Guru, or the first Guru.
_	Heidi sits him down and recalls the day that his father moved out: how she felt so small and alone and did not know how she was going to make it by herself.
_	Operational training officially commenced for a new group on the day that the cadre was assigned it from the parent group's overstrength.
_	Aica and Mark get married the day that Zoe plans to leave the country.
_	He also said that he was in Washington, D.C., on the day that Kennedy was killed.
_	September 7 was also the day that the "New York Daily News" reported that Rick Ankiel received a year's worth of human growth hormone in 2004 while he was trying to come back as a pitcher.
_	"From the day that the King of Heaven called upon me to become the Emperor, the great overlord of the world, no one saw my spear lie idle.
_	Unusual for a novel, the entire first part, which describes the events on the day that Bernadette first saw the Virgin Mary, is told in the present tense, as if it were happening at the moment.
_	It is said that on the day that Mlawu was to marry his great wife Nobutho, he suddenly became ill and died.
_	The Mekhilta of Rabbi Ishmael counted 10 songs in the Tanakh: (1) the one that the Israelites recited at the first Passover in Egypt, as says, "You shall have a song as in the night when a feast is hallowed"; (2) the Song of the sea in (3) the one that the Israelites sang at the well in the wilderness, as reports, "Then sang Israel this song: ‘Spring up, O well'"; (4) the one that Moses spoke in his last days, as reports, "Moses spoke in the ears of all the assembly of Israel the words of this song"; (5) the one that Joshua recited, as reports, "Then spoke Joshua to the Lord in the day when the Lord delivered up the Amorites"; (6) the one that Deborah and Barak sang, as reports, "Then sang Deborah and Barak the son of Abinoam"; (7) the one that David spoke, as reports, "David spoke to the Lord the words of this song in the day that the Lord delivered him out of the hand of all his enemies, and out of the hand of Saul"; (8) the one that Solomon recited, as reports, "a song at the Dedication of the House of David"; (9) the one that Jehoshaphat recited, as 2 Chronicles reports: "when he had taken counsel with the people, he appointed them that should sing to the Lord, and praise in the beauty of holiness, as they went out before the army, and say, ‘Give thanks to the Lord, for His mercy endures for ever'"; and (10) the song that will be sung in the time to come, as says, "Sing to the Lord a new song, and His praise from the end of the earth," and says, "Sing to the Lord a new song, and His praise in the assembly of the saints."
_	On the day that he announced his candidacy, the majority of major polls showed him to be either in fourth or fifth place.
_	Slaight insisted that while CHUM would still focus on rock and roll, the station would play music during the day that would appeal to housewives and drivers who found number one station CFRB too bland.
_	On the day that Denver assumed the territorial governorship, citizens in the territory voted on the Lecompton Constitution, which opened the territory to slavery.
_	Pre-orders for the dual-core MX started on December 15, 2011 and granted a guarantee to receive the phone exactly on January 1, 2012, the day that official distribution started through the company's flagship stores (in China and Hong Kong).
_	On the day that a nazirite completed his or her term, the nazirite was to be brought to the entrance of the Tent of Meeting and present a male lamb in its first year for a burnt offering, a ewe lamb in its first year for a sin offering, a ram for an offering of well-being, a basket of unleavened cakes, unleavened wafers spread with oil, and meal offerings.
_	On the day that the transfer of authority occurred, three American Marines were killed in Baghdad and one British soldier was killed in Basra.
_	Halifax and Pankratov forge what was seen as impossible to copy, and deliver the painting on the day that all chaos has broken loose in Paris.
_	The initiators choose the day that is the celebrated anniversary of the Ilinden Uprising.
_	The spin-off of Vici to CEOC's creditors was completed on October 6, 2017, the day that CEOC emerged from bankruptcy.
_	After revisiting Edinburgh on 28 June (the day that Queen Victoria had her coronation in London) he went on to Fort William.
_	On 3 September 1939, the day that the UK declared war on Germany, "Chisholm" was crossing the Bay of Bengal from Chittagong in Bengal to Madras in India, where she arrived on 5 September.
_	The series premiered on the centenary of the day that Kelly was hanged.
_	An annual speech delivered by the Mayor of Hiroshima on August 6, the day that city was destroyed by an atom bomb delivered by a US B-29.
_	Notably, the BBC has released two statements regarding the decision procedure which are considered to be contradictory; while the first states that Sugar makes his decision on the day that the final boardroom sequence is filmed, based on the contestants' performance in the final task, and keeps it secret until just before transmission, the second states that he decides after a six-month trial period.
_	After numerous attempts by the post-communist government of Albania, this was the day that it finally became possible to search the land which was covered with rocks and bushes near Kolsh village, two kilometers away from Kukës.
_	The writers wanted Michael to have a big plan to get Holly back, but to realize throughout the course of the day that his relationship with Holly was something special and that he did not want to disrupt it; they felt it showed that Michael had become more mature, calm and confident about this relationship than that of Jan Levinson and others in his past.
_	The Beatles' song "She Came In Through the Bathroom Window" ("Abbey Road", 1969) refers to the day that some of the Apple scruffs climbed into Paul McCartney's house through an upstairs bathroom window and raided his wardrobe for a pair of trousers, which they took turns wearing.
_	While researching the history of Route 66 for the 2006 Pixar motion picture "Cars", John Lasseter met Delgadillo's brother, Seligman barber and Route 66 historian, Angel Delgadillo, who told him how traffic through the town virtually disappeared on the day that nearby Interstate 40 opened.
_	The two become distant over the following weeks, up until the day that Kakeru is supposed to die by suicide, as Naho manages to confess her feelings as well as telling Kakeru to share his plan for suicide.
_	Meanwhile, start-up firms inhabit different value networks, at least until the day that their disruptive innovation is able to invade the older value network.
_	The brilliant H.V. Perera, the county's leading civil lawyer, volunteered his services free on behalf of Bracegirdle; he was made a King's Counsel (KC) on the day that Bracegirdle appeared in court.
_	Temporarily waylaid on the day that he intended to propose marriage to Gertrude, Fadelle arrives at her house only to find that she had accepted the same proposal from Wingate just hours before.
_	Alby Schultz was one of the several Liberal Party politicians along with Don Randall, Wilson Tuckey, Concetta Fierravanti-Wells, Dennis Jensen and Sophie Mirabella, who boycotted Parliament on the day that the formal apology to the Stolen Generations was made by Prime Minister Kevin Rudd.
_	Unmatched orders at the end of the day that remain unexecuted are reloaded in the trading platform for the next day.
_	Silanus committed suicide on the day that Agrippina married her uncle, and Calvina was exiled from Italy in early 49.
_	On the day that Comcast executive Steve Burke met with his new NBC employees, signifying the closing of the acquisition, an episode depicted the Kabletown sign being installed on the GE Building.
_	Samar Day was initially celebrated on 10 November, marking the day that Samar Island was established as a province.
_	The date was changed again when it was moved to 11 August in the late 1970s to honor the day that the Queen of Spain established Samar as a separate province from Leyte.
_	Members of the US group Kool & the Gang appeared on the record because they were signed to the same record label as the Boomtown Rats, and just happened to be visiting Phonogram's London offices on the day that Geldof walked in to pitch his idea for the charity single to the label.
_	They call up on the day that the boats come in and we get it that night and can serve it the next day."
_	He died the day that "The Atlantic"s editorial staff decided the article would be featured on the magazine's front cover, but before they could tell him of their decision.
_	On the day that X-20 was canceled, the U.S. Air Force announced another program, the Manned Orbiting Laboratory, a spin-off of Gemini.
_	On 14 January 1802, the day that Wood said would be the commencement of the Apocalypse, as the sect gathered together to await the arrival of the "destroying angel", the locals were so alarmed that on the night in question the militia was called out.
_	The current name, EWII Park, was officially introduced on 23 October 2016 on the day that the Superliga match between Odense Boldklub and FC København was played, because the stadium sponsor decided to change its own company name to EWII.
_	22 February 2014 was also the day that Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and the Party of Region's lead Second Azarov Government were ousted out of office, after the months long Euromaidan-demonstrations had accumulated into the 2014 Euromaidan regional state administration occupations and deadly violence in Kiev.
_	Konno Station was opened on December 11, 1986, the day that operations on the Etsumi-Nan Line were transferred from the Japan National Railway (JNR) to the Nagaragawa Railway.
_	Her 2009 book "A Paradise Built in Hell: The Extraordinary Communities that Arise in Disaster" began as an essay called "The Uses of Disaster: Notes on Bad Weather and Good Government" published by "Harper’s" magazine the day that Hurricane Katrina hit the Gulf coast.
_	This Priesthood authority can be traced to the day that Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery received the Melchizedek Priesthood from Peter, James, and John, who received the Priesthood from Jesus himself.
_	Then comes the day that she has been waiting for; Umar has got the promotion!
_	When the announcer asked her what is the significance of Australia Day, Tebbutt replied, "Well, we celebrate Australia Day because that's the day that we became a nation.
_	It also happened to be the anniversary of the day that Superman had died while stopping Doomsday.
_	Paris France is a memoir written by Gertrude Stein and published in 1940 on the day that Paris fell to Germany during World War II.
_	However, she discovers at the end of the day that there is a method to his madness, as the bonding between Michael and Christian allows him to close the deal.
_	Laine had met with Columbia officials to renew his contract on the day that John F. Kennedy was assassinated.
_	Rather Halloran's life "began" the day that another man's life apparently ended, leading Michael to believe that the two men are one and the same.
_	On the day that followed, she continued this pattern of operations.
_	The celebration covers a period of three days: 13 April is regarded as "Maha Songkran", the day that the sun moves into Aries on the zodiac or the last day of the old year.
_	On auditioning for the role, he said that he had known it was a caveman and had used a particular speech pattern when auditioning, but was thrown off by the cold read on the day that he was given the role.
_	The song was released to the iTunes Store the day that McBride's younger daughter, Emma, turned 13.
_	Budget Day is the day that a government presents its budget to a legislature for approval, typically in a ceremonial fashion.
_	That's the day that young Annachie come rolling from the tide
_	It is the ultimate in Reality TV - nothing planned, nothing scripted just a regular person, a director to guide them, and the day that lies ahead.
_	Warm up shows in London and Wolverhampton were announced, with Myke and Neville playing an acoustic set at Pontypridd Muni Hall to start it off, almost 11 years to the day that the band split up.
_	USC announced a tribute to Ryan Francis in a basketball game on March 17, 2007, the day that would have been Ryan's 20th birthday.
_	On December 18, 2008, the day that Solis's selection first became known, Romero said, "I have deep roots, and I would certainly give it every consideration.
_	The Book of Jubilees interpreted God's warning to Adam in that "on the day that you eat of it you shall die" in the light of the words of Psalm that "a thousand years in [God's] sight are but as yesterday," noting that Adam died 70 years short of the 1000 years that would constitute one day in the testimony of the heavens.
_	They are released by the Royal Mail on the day that the stamps are issued and contain an information card to provide details and images relating to the theme of the stamps.
_	Işık stated later in the day that FSA was clearing Jarabulus of any remaining ISIL militants.
_	On November 22, 1963, the day that President John F Kennedy was assassinated, Banister pistol whipped Martin after a heated exchange.
_	The recovery of this item, and its location, further adds to my belief that material was removed from the farmhouse on or shortly after the day that Ben disappeared."
_	This Medieval device was so well received by legal theorists and lawyers of the day that it was incorporated and codified into Medieval society and institutions (Kantorowicz mentions the term Corporation which would later become known to us as capitalism, an economic category).
_	This is based on the original text of "Shaar HaKavanot" by Rabbi Chaim Vital, which refers to the day as "Yom Simchato" ("the day of his happiness"), rather than "Yom SheMet" ("the day that he died").
_	Six matches had started on Wednesday, 30 August and were still being played on Friday, 1 September, the day that Germany attacked Poland.
_	Introducing the resolution, the Security Council welcomed the start of a new phase in Iraq and looked forward to the day that the Iraqi forces would be responsible for security, and the mandate of the multinational force in the country could therefore be terminated.
_	By 1997 B104 began playing a lot more "softer" songs during the day that a lot of other CHR's didn't play (like "Here in my Heart" by Chicago), to pick up listeners who felt displaced by the signing off of A/C 96.1 WLEV in July 1997.
_	On 4 August 1914, the day that Britain entered the Great War, Vaughan Williams visited Margate for a week's holiday.
_	In the debate in the House of Commons on 3 March 1959, the day that the State of Emergency was declared, Alan Lennox-Boyd, the Colonial Secretary, stated that it was clear from information received that Congress had planned the widespread murder of Europeans, Asians and moderate Africans, "... in fact, a massacre was being planned".
_	Michaels said he wanted Fallon to be the new host dating back to the day that Fallon left "Saturday Night Live", which occurred only a few months before O'Brien's departure was announced.
_	The unit was originally commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Clark Russell Barteau, who was promoted from the rank of private on the day that he was placed in command of the new regiment.
_	As the author had promised, the strip ended the day that George W. Bush left office, January 20, 2009.
_	Williams returned to work from maternity leave in 1987 on the day that a reorganisation of the public service was complete, with 28 departments cut down to just 18.
_	In March 2018, under a photo of Gaza's port, Murtaja wrote: "I hope the day that I can take this image when I am in the sky instead of on the ground will come!
_	From the day that Henry IV became a Catholic, the League was beaten.
_	The planning and building of this new boathouse was carried out three years before the arrival of "H F Bailey" and was ready on the day that the new lifeboat arrived in the town.
_	Coincidentally, it is also the day that his flight attendant girlfriend, Katie, disappears on a flight back from Dallas.
_	This is not a disagreement over the date of Christmas as such, but rather a preference of which calendar should be used to determine the day that is December 25.
_	To highlight the beginning of the third season and its move to a new channel, Sky was the first company to use Twitter's geographically targeted ad capability in the UK with a "promoted trend" that was displayed on September 22, 2011, the day that "Glee" debuted on Sky1.
_	The first episode of the revived series aired on the day that former host Sir David Frost died, although the news did not break until the following morning.
_	It may refer to the day that court sentences were handed down, to a market day, to a day of corvée, or to the day when the settlement was founded.
_	On the day that King Edward I passed through Newcastle in December 1299 the brethren each received three shillings and four pence (3s. 4d).
_	The Highway 90 bridge was the only bridge open from the day that the hurricane struck on 29 August 2005 and remained open for sometime after the Hurricane to aid residents of Slidell Louisiana access to New Orleans and to aid in access to I-10 East, I-12 West and I-59 North.
_	In March 2012, Hillier introduced a bill to proclaim “Constitution Day”, recognizing the day that the British North America Act and the Constitution Act were proclaimed into law.
_	The day that jeannie married was the day that jeannie died
_	The Midrash explained that God told them that when nonbelievers would come and question why the Israelites kept the Sabbath on the day that they did, the Israelites could tell the nonbelievers, ""See", the manna does not descend on the Sabbath."
_	Instead of confining him in a mental institution, his parents decide to keep him in the house's cellar, hoping for the day that he might recover.
_	Hammond died of an attack of stone on 25 April 1660, the day that Parliament voted that the king should be brought back; had he lived he would have been made bishop of Worcester.
_	At court there were rumours that Edward had been poisoned, on the day that Princess Mary last visited him.
_	The announcement of the arrests was made by the Attorney-General Alberto Gonzales in the presence of the director of the FBI Robert Mueller in Washington D.C. Robert Mueller mentioned the incident in a "Major Executive Speech" in June 2006 on the day that the 2006 Sears Tower plot was announced.
_	But it was also the day that Lomas played football officially.
_	She returned for one episode at the end of March 2009 on the day that co-stars Janine Mellor and Ivana Bašić left the series and returned once again in March 2015 for one episode.
_	Rabbi Levi taught that God gave the section of the priests in on the day that the Israelites set up the Tabernacle.
_	However, on the day that the first of the machines are to be activated, Light begins to have second thoughts, concerned with the number of workers who will be displaced by his and Wily's creations ("The Good Doctor").
_	Jawdat announced during the day that 929 militants had been killed since the start of the assault on west Mosul.
_	19 Kislev, 2003 - the day that Saddam Hussein was captured.
_	On the day that the PFA was formed in 1907 – 2 December – there was a match between an England Legends XI – captained by Alan Shearer and managed by Terry Venables – and a World Legends XI – captained by Gianfranco Zola and managed by Jürgen Klinsmann – culminating in a gala dinner in the evening involving a host of top entertainers.
_	Hull later recalled “the day that J. Robert Oppenheimer, the director of Los Alamos, brought Gen. Leslie Groves out to the lab.
_	On the day that Biggs died, 18 December 2013, the BBC broadcast the first of a two part series, "The Great Train Robbery", which provides a dramatisation of the events first from the criminals' perspective and then from that of the police.
_	On the day that Magic Johnson announced his HIV-positive status in 1991, the 11-year-old Gasol, who had heard the news in school, decided that he wanted to be a doctor and find a cure for AIDS.
_	She realizes that they teleported back to the day that Kaito Nakamura gave 18-month-old Claire to Noah on the Deveaux building rooftop—a scene first shown as a flashback in season 1's "Company Man".
_	The official date is usually cited as July 25, 1863, the day that Secretary of War James Seddon initialed the proposal to organize this regiment
_	And he helped the crew harpoon a whale on the day that he was born
_	SDF spokesman Talal Silo stated during the day that they were still advancing on the dam and the city and expected to attack the dam soon.
_	He was the starting second baseman on July 21, 1970 — the day that Padre manager Preston Gómez controversially used a pinch hitter (Cito Gaston) for Clay Kirby in the eighth inning of a game in which Kirby was throwing a no-hitter against the New York Mets (although Kirby left the game trailing 1–0).
_	Sphere recorded its first album on the day that Monk died, February 17, 1982.
_	Coincidentally Coventry City went on to beat Derby 6-1 on the day that scene was filmed.
_	"L'Audacieux" was taken over by the Germans on 27 November 1942, the day that the French fleet was scuttled at Toulon harbor, and was renamed "ZF5".
_	Dowler's sister Gemma described the day that her parents were cross-examined by Bellfield's defence lawyer as "the worst day of my life".
_	During the events of the limited series "", Iron Lad takes the Young Avengers and an amnesiac Wanda Maximoff into the past, back to the day that the events of "Avengers Disassembled" began.
_	The first owner of a lot in present-day Garfield bought his plot in 1881, on the day that U.S. President James Garfield was buried, so the neighborhood was named for the late President.
_	Naïma states his wife wasn't even in the shop the day that Lucie said she called.
_	The band split up amicably on the day that the latter album was released.
_	On the day that Taraki was assassinated, 28 men and women from Taraki's extended family, including his wife and brother, were jailed at Pul-e-Charkhi prison.
_	On the day that Johnson signed Executive Order 11375, John W. Macy.
_	On the day that Aidan and Kate get tested, Carla meets Daniel and they go round to his flat.
_	Conspirators seeking independence from Portugal planned to rise up in rebellion on the day that the "derrama" was instituted.
_	"It's unclear whether Trump's advisors will make a tradition of publicly responding to petitions from the American people," Dell Cameron wrote for the Daily Dot on the day that Trump was inaugurated, noting that the Trump administration that same day "archived" (that is, deactivated) all petitions in progress on the 'We the People' site.
_	His last job for Tyne-Tees Television was a documentary shot in and around Sunderland on the day that Sunderland AFC won the 1973 FA Cup Final, entitled "Meanwhile, Back in Sunderland".
_	The plan succeeds the day that the villains make their way to the top of the mountain, and they are immediately forced down by the eruption.
_	“I am looking forward to the day that I can devote all my time into the translation of Bahá’í literature into Chinese.
_	"May 21 is the day that Christ came and put the world under judgment."
_	On 16 February 2014, the day that Cabañas was meant to debut against Cerro Porteño in the Round 1 of the 2014 Paraguayan Primera División season, it was announced by club spokes man, Miguel Soloaga, that Cabañas would not participate in the competition due to his low form.
_	Boomsday is referred to in the book as the day that a majority of the Baby Boomers would begin retiring, thrusting the United States into economic trouble and the raising of taxes to compensate for Social Security.
_	On the day that Habert's elite companies laid down their arms, Louis-Gabriel Suchet arrived to replace Junot in command.
_	He resigned his position on October 25, 1876, 43 years to the day that he first landed at Guangzhou in 1833.
_	It was expected by the government of the day that AU would have 10,000 students by 1979.
_	On the day that Scaramucci's appointment was announced, Spicer resigned.
_	On the day that the fighting ceased in the south, a massive coordinated attack by insurgents was underway in the Sunni territories.
_	He scored his first Premier League goal of the season in a 3–0 home defeat of Reading on 11 December, exactly twelve months to the day that he made his Sunderland debut.
_	On the day that Vicksburg surrendered, the gunboat brought her guns to bear on an attacking Confederate force near Helena, Arkansas.
_	Regarding the chronology of Jesus, some claim the Gospel of John (e.g., , , ) implies that Nisan 14 was the day that Jesus was crucified in Jerusalem and that the Synoptic Gospels instead place the execution on the first day of Unleavened Bread ().
_	On 1 September, the day that Germany invaded Poland, Cardus observed the removal of the bust of W. G. Grace from the Lord's pavilion; he was informed by a bystander: "That means war".
_	He arrived in Hong Kong on May 1, the day that US Commodore George Dewey's naval forces destroyed Rear-Admiral Patricio Montojo's Spanish Pacific Squadron at the Battle of Manila Bay.
_	On the day that Sanae's father is fired, he comes home to find her in Hawaiian costume, and beats her.
_	The former site of the Confederate fortifications near Columbus, Kentucky is now the Columbus-Belmont State Park, commemorating all the actions of the day that led to Union defeat here.
_	He took part in the demonstration against the employee funds that the arranged on the day that employee funds would be dealt in the Swedish Riksdag.
_	He ruled at the end of the day that debate on this issue would continue the following day, effectively allowing the opposition parties to debate the issue past the deadline.
_	In the Eritrean Orthodox Church and the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, the feast is known as "Timkat" and is celebrated on the day that the Gregorian calendar calls January 19, but on January 20 in years when Timket in the Ethiopian calendar falls on Gregorian September 12 (i.e. when the following February in the Gregorian calendar will have 29 days).
_	Monk also remembers that on the day that he and Natalie first became private eyes at Intertect, Danielle told them how Slade used his investment money to start the company.
_	I can remember that day like it was yesterday and that was the day that really made me want to be one of the best."
_	13 April of the solar calendar occasions the beginning of the traditional Thai New Year (Songkran) and is the day that a year assumes the name of the next animal in the twelve-year animal cycle; Thai Chinese communities may observed the name-change earlier in accordance with the Chinese New Year.
_	and on the day that Metro published an exposé on the use of monies raised for low income children's health care premiums to fund political campaigns, at a press conference which highlighted hyperlinks from Metro's web site to adult ads on the web site of online classified advertising provider Backpage.com.
_	On the day that Wallinger's project was announced as successful Red Riviera won the 2.40pm race at Lingfield.
_	She was wrestling in Memphis, Tennessee on December 7, 1941, the day that Pearl Harbor was bombed by the Japanese, which led to the United States entering World War II.
_	"This is the day that the Iraqis have been waiting for.
_	On February 19, 1985, the 40th anniversary of the day that U.S. forces began the assault on the island, veterans from both forces gathered for the Reunion of Honor just a few meters/yards away from the spot where U.S. Marines had landed on the island.
_	In an interview with music website Drowned in Sound, drummer Dominic Howard explained that "Playing in Teignmouth is going to be amazing, we're all really looking forward to it," adding "It's honestly something we've always wanted to do since the day that I met Matt [Bellamy] at The Den.
_	He was thinking of disposing of some of the 11th Duke of Norfolk's work, as there had been several complaints from the celebrities of the day that it was too cold, dark and unfriendly.
_	Wright attracted media attention in December 2005 when he announced to the press, on the day that the first civil partnership ceremonies took place in England, that he would be likely to take disciplinary action against any clergy registering as civil partners or any clergy blessing such partnerships.
_	It contained the thoughts of people throughout Britain, including industry professionals, who recorded their feelings and experiences of television viewing on 1 November 1988, the day that the documentary was filmed.
_	He was freed 2 months later, on the day that King Birendra lifted restrictions on a multi-party system.
_	The agent offers to take John back in time to the day that Jane met the man who would later become her lover and leave her, so John can take revenge and kill the man for ruining his (Jane's) life.
_	On 1 October 1950, the day that UN troops crossed the 38th parallel, the Soviet ambassador forwarded a telegram from Stalin to Mao and Zhou requesting that China send five to six divisions into Korea, and Kim Il-sung sent frantic appeals to Mao for Chinese military intervention.
_	She testified that "I could count on one hand the number of people who knew where my true employer was the day that I was—my name was—and true affiliation was exposed in July 2003."
_	Tragically the baby, Marcus Didius Justinianus, dies shortly after birth on the day that Geminus, Falco's father, also dies.
_	Walker was also active in educational work, in the course of which he came to know several of the political leaders of the day that were forerunners of Mahatma Gandhi.
_	In reply, the angel identified himself as Gabriel, sent especially by God to make this announcement, and added that because of Zechariah's doubt he would be struck dumb and "not able to speak, until the day that these things shall be performed".
_	Territory senators commence their terms on the day that they are elected.
_	In modern Tibetan history, March 28, 1959 was the day that the Tibetan government was declared illegal by China, which, according to official Chinese history, liberated Tibetans from feudalism and theocracy.
_	His mother Emma Smith, reflected upon the day that Tavoris Cloud declared that he was going to take care of this situation.
_	On 22 August 2008, the day that the album's title was announced, the track "Look No Further" was released as a free digital download through her official website.
_	The following morning, the day that he was to have launched his assault to retake Paris, Henry III died.
_	On the day that Acro's offer was made, Summa announced that no decision had been made on a sale of the Landmark, reportedly due to disagreements within the company.
_	He died on the day that "The Atlantic"s editorial staff decided the article would be featured on the magazine's front cover, and before they could tell him of their decision.
_	Jade performed the song again on "The Morning Show" on 20 November 2015, the day that "Nine" was released.
_	Wesley's investigation leads to Vail, and records indicating that he had been hired by Wolfram & Hart to cast a massive, reality-changing spell on the day that the law firm was taken over by Angel Investigations.
_	It became available as a digital download from the album on the day that "Sans attendre" was released.
_	A monument commemorating the day that the tribal chiefs and elders signed the deed to the Macomb brothers is located near the shoreline of the Detroit River at the foot of Gray's Drive.
_	On the day that he was murdered, he brought home several people "for some kind of soirée", but they instead robbed his house and strangled him.
_	The news came on the day that he was invited to Camp Crame to shed light in his involvement in the illicit drug trade in Batangas Province.
_	On the day that the rest of the workers take any notice of her, she is leaving to get married and move away.
_	ABC announced later in the day that it had reversed the renewal decision and canceled "Roseanne"; network president Channing Dungey stated that Barr's remarks were "abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values."
_	On the day that the sixth episode was due to air with a story of a schoolboy bomber, it was axed.
_	The panorama opened to the public on 10 December 1977, 100 years to the day that Field Marshal Osman Pasha surrendered to Colonel Mihail Cerchez, ending the Pleven Epopee.
_	Her adventurous spirit reacted against the received wisdom of the day that no woman should ride one.
_	The film was released online on 21 October 2015, the day that the series' protagonist Marty McFly travels to in "Back to the Future Part II".
_	Lake Bistineau State Park, headquartered in Doyline, a village in Webster Parish southwest of Minden, was established on July 6, 1938, the day that Governor Richard W. Leche signed legislation to authorize creation of the park.
_	This happened the day that they took Hiram Cevik out of his prison cage.
_	John XXIII made many passionate speeches during his pontificate, one of which was on the night of the day that opened the Second Vatican Council (11 of October, 1962), where he spoke to the crowd gathered in St. Peter's Square: "Dear children, returning home, you will find children: give your children a hug and say:
_	The President of the National Assembly, said that the private media are "the enemies of the homeland, of the people, of the Revolution, of the Constitution" and that "encouraging activities of this type because it might backfire […] and in the face of these media who are going with the ruin of the peace in this country, with the destruction of the peace of this country, I’m going to tell them: the day that something happens here, the people know what they are going to grab on to – and I’m almost certain that the rightwing media are not going to go without visits from the people.
_	However, Kavanagh waited the six months until the formal investigation report was published and resigned on the day that the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland's report was issued in May 2012.
_	In the day that God created man [Adam], in the likeness of God made he him" (Gen. v.1; Sifra, Ḳedoshim, iv; Yer. Ned. ix.41c; Gen. R. xxiv).
_	He began his term on May 22, 1992, the day that Bosnia and Herzegovina were admitted to the UN.
_	In a dream setting out the outlandish and impossible things that might happen on such an unusual day, the line is used "and De Valera put a statue of Jim Thomas on his lawn, on the day that Chelsea went and won the cup".
_	The Mekhilta of Rabbi Ishmael counted 10 songs in the Tanakh: (1) the one that the Israelites recited at the first Passover in Egypt, as says, "You shall have a song as in the night when a feast is hallowed"; (2) the Song of the Sea in (3) the one that the Israelites sang at the well in the wilderness, as reports, "Then sang Israel this song: ‘Spring up, O well'"; (4) the one that Moses spoke in his last days, as reports, "Moses spoke in the ears of all the assembly of Israel the words of this song"; (5) the one that Joshua recited, as reports, "Then spoke Joshua to the Lord in the day when the Lord delivered up the Amorites"; (6) the one that Deborah and Barak sang, as reports, "Then sang Deborah and Barak the son of Abinoam"; (7) the one that David spoke, as 2 Samuel reports, "David spoke to the Lord the words of this song in the day that the Lord delivered him out of the hand of all his enemies, and out of the hand of Saul"; (8) the one that Solomon recited, as reports, "a song at the Dedication of the House of David"; (9) the one that Jehoshaphat recited, as 2 Chronicles reports: "when he had taken counsel with the people, he appointed them that should sing to the Lord, and praise in the beauty of holiness, as they went out before the army, and say, ‘Give thanks to the Lord, for His mercy endures forever'"; and (10) the song that will be sung in the time to come, as says, "Sing to the Lord a new song, and His praise from the end of the earth," and says, "Sing to the Lord a new song, and His praise in the assembly of the saints."
_	Three days later, on the day that Britain declared war on Germany, he began composing "A Child of Our Time".
_	BJP Lok Sabha MP from Mayurbhanj, Odisha, Salkhan Murmu termed the day that the bill passed as historic for tribal people.
_	I suspect there remains in Christchurch the notion of old that the Catholics are still regarded as peripheral, parked over on the edge of town in an area back in the day that was next to the gas works that turned the cathedral a nicotine yellow.
_	-- A Question for Free Presbyterians") which was also webcast, Foster said, "We do pray for Dr. Paisley and I never thought I would see the day that I would stand in this pulpit and say I think him wrong entirely and say I could never support what he is doing, but that day has come."
_	The ID3 tag of the downloadable track came with the message "Go to www.nin.com May 5", the day that "The Slip" would eventually be released as a free download.
_	On 31 August 2005 USS "Shreveport" deployed with the USS "Iwo Jima" Amphibious Ready Group where the had been since the day that the city of New Orleans was stricken and flooded in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
_	So pleased was the King with his treatment during the day that Byard was knighted as a reward.
_	Three showed a repeat of this episode in the United Kingdom on August 11, 2014, the day that Robin Williams committed suicide.
_	On the day that Corrine graduates from beauty school, she discovers a crumpled piece of paper in the trash, asking Loreli to return to the Lonestar state to oversee the Miss Texas Tiara Quest competition.
_	He was educated at the University of St. Andrews, where during Jacobite rebellion of 1715, he headed a riot of some students of the college, who rang the college bells on the day that the Old Pretender was proclaimed.
_	Many of the scenes depicted in the "Black Paintings" are nocturnal, demonstrating the absence of light, the day that died.
_	The performers started rehearsals the day that the album was released and continued to rehearse more for this tour than is typical for other Byrne presentations.
_	During the 1970s, his nephew Billy Backus became world's welterweight champion after having a shaky start to his own boxing career, and Basilio declared on the day that Backus became champion, that to him, Billy winning the title was better than when he won it himself.
_	Howard's estranged father turns up at the hospital and recalls that Casey's hospitalization reminds him of the day that Howard was in a car accident as a boy.
_	He went to work until the day that he died, dying quietly in his sleep after a full day at the wine train office.
_	The Sanctuary was definitely over the April 28, 2002, the day that was blessed by the Bishop of the Diocese of Tenerife, Felipe Fernández García.
_	On the day that the results are announced, the final assessment of the panel can be affected by certain penalties for breaking certain rules, such as the requirement to parade within specific time limits, parading with the minimum components, and avoiding total nudity.
_	The basic approach of nearly all of the methods to calculate the day of the week begins by starting from an ‘anchor date’: a known pair (such as January 1, 1800 as a Wednesday), determining the number of days between the known day and the day that you are trying to determine, and using arithmetic modulo 7 to find a new numerical day of the week.
_	Accepting the prestigious BFI Fellowship at the 2017 London Film Festival Awards, director Paul Greengrass acknowledged that it had been a difficult week for the film industry, on the day that Harvey Weinstein was expelled from the Academy that hands out the Oscars.
_	In the polka "Vuelve a Mi", the singer recalls the day that her lover abandoned her on a rainy day, and pleads that he returns to her.
_	On 21 March 2010, on the day that would have marked Senna's 50th birthday, the football team Corinthians played a tape in memory of Senna which was also part of the theme played at the São Paulo Motor Show.
_	The first broadcast debate of the campaign took place on 28 September 2011, the day that nominations closed, on RTÉ Radio 1's "News at One" programme.
_	Shortly after NBC began a semi-regular television transmission schedule in 1938, DuMont Laboratories announced TV sets for sale to the public, a move that RCA was saving for the opening of the World's Fair on April 30, 1939, the day that regularly scheduled television programming was to begin in New York on NBC with much fanfare.
_	In April 2017, "The Sunday Post" reported that Kerr had taken a flight to a property investment conference in Cannes at a cost of £4,000 on the day that news broke of five hundred council staff agreeing to take voluntary redundancy to cut costs.
_	The archangel Gabriel appeared to the Prophet, and it is the day that Abraham broke the idols.
_	On 28 January 2015, the day that she resumed duties, Bar Association of Sri Lanka Chairman Upul Jayasuriya said that a special function had been organized in view of Chief Justice Shirani Bandaranayake retiring from serving as Chief Justice with effect from the following day, 29 January 2015.
_	On October 15, 1966, which is the day that the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966 was enacted creating the National Register of Historic Places, it was added to that as well.
_	Those successfully completing the course are awarded their commissioning parchment and are confirmed as a commissioned officer (although under the current system, all VR(T) Officers are commissioned from the day that they pass their board, and the commissioning scroll is dated to that day) and are treated similarly to regular Officers.
_	Zoë and Michael were married on the day that Romanos III died.
_	Germany invaded Belgium, the Netherlands, and France on 10 May 1940, the day that Churchill became Prime Minister.
_	When it stops becoming fun for me and when it starts becoming upsetting to see where it goes is the day that I just put it aside and let my bodies of works speak for me.
_	The final day of shooting the Nationals competition scenes, April 26, 2012, was also the day that the show celebrated filming its 400th musical performance.
_	On May 7, 2018, he resigned his position, the day that an article in "The New Yorker" reported detailed allegations of abusive behavior toward several women he had dated during his time in the office.
_	But the House of Hillel taught that the earth was created first and heaven was created afterwards, as says, "In the day that the Lord God made earth and heaven."
_	For Meyer, season six showed that Clark was still struggling to accept his destiny, but did take steps toward the day that he would put on the cape and become Superman.
_	Until the day that she resolves to break free from her conservative Brahmin life and buys a one way train ticket to the sea side town of Kanyakumari to start a new life alone.
_	Ted deduces that Salim is in the old Barracks, because he showed such a fascination with it the day that he arrived.
_	Rumours had persisted throughout the day that an additional 600 people would arrive by train, mostly from the west of Cronulla, to join the crowds.
_	He has sometimes been numbered amongst the regicides; however, although he sat as a Commissioner in the trial of Charles I at the Painted Chamber of the Palace of Westminster on the 12th, 13th, 19th, and 26 January (the last being the day that the sentence was agreed), Dove took no other part in the trial of Charles, did not sign the death warrant, and he was not punished at the Restoration.
_	This occurred so late in the day that zero hour for mobilization to begin was given as midnight of 5 April.
_	Laurence also wrote to the bishops in the lands held by the Scots and by the Britons, urging them to hold Easter on the day that the Roman church celebrated it, instead of their traditional date, part of the Easter controversy.
_	19 Kislev, 2011 - the day that the Iraq War came to an end.
_	Khmer Krom still bitterly recall the day that the Vietnamese received the 21 provinces of Kampuchea Krom from the French on 4 June 1949.
_	At the end of the 18th century, Ropczyce became a significant center of Chassidism after the famous Naftali Zvi Horowitz (1760–1827) settled in the town "(He was born on May 22, 1760, the day that the Baal Shem Tov, founder of Chassidism, died)".
_	She moved back to Washington with her daughter and refused to accept his phone call on the day that he was executed.
_	His dogfight on 19 June 1917 may have been the fount of one of these awards; that was the day that Fejes and Josef Pürer singlehandedly took on a flight of Italian Nieuport fighters, claiming two and having their own plane downed near Schönpass in the process.
_	The seventh day after death is the day that Chinese people believe the souls of the dead return to their relatives before departing, and mourners at the site burned paper and made a feast for the deceased, in accordance with Chinese tradition.
_	The band signed to Polydor on 13 December 1994, three years to the day that Power left The La's.
_	Maddstone shoots the men who served as Delft's lackeys on the day that he was arrested, completing his revenge.
_	On the day that Ariel takes Cholo's place at work, an accident occurs with the delivery truck and Ariel dies.
_	She died on the day that she would otherwise have collected her award from the Palace.
_	12-year-old Finn (Lucas Carroll) endures daily torment from the bullies at his school, but his life begins to change the day that he encounters a Labrador retriever named Marshall.
_	The tour was closed on Mondays, as this was the day that the set was used for filming at the time.
_	His Majesty the King thereupon refused to receive the Ambassador again and had the latter informed by the Adjutant of the day that His Majesty had no further communication to make to the Ambassador.
_	He was wearing the same green T-shirt on the day that he won both of his first two bracelets.
_	On the day that he is released from prison he meets Ping
_	AQAP claimed responsibility for a February 2012 suicide attack on the presidential palace that killed 26 Republican Guards on the day that President Hadi was sworn in.
_	He writes the last line on the day that the last murder occurs.
_	An issue of compliance with a Mandatory Permit Directive (MPD) in relation to time between engine overhauls raised questions whether the aircraft's Permit to Fly was valid on the day that it was issued.
_	Coincidentally, Miguel Cabrera's walk-off home run against the Cleveland Indians was exactly 6 years to the day that Iván Rodríguez hit his walk-off home run versus exactly the same team, the Cleveland Indians.
_	In the day that followed, he entered the courthouse in a wheelchair in the verdict hearing for his sexual abuse trial.
_	On 4 July, the day that his song "Something" won an Ivor Novello award, Harrison put his solo album on hold and drove north to see Louise for the last time.
_	Antonio Valero de Bernabé continued to be politically active until the day that he died June 7, 1863, in Bogotá, Colombia, where he was buried.
_	While Nintendo has not confirmed its presence, journalists and players believe this is a tribute to Nintendo's former president Satoru Iwata; "Golf" was programmed by Iwata, and the game can only be accessed if the system clock is set to July 11 – the day that Iwata died – and the Joy-Con are moved similarly to how Iwata would move his hands in his Nintendo Direct presentations.
_	On the day that he is scheduled to make a speech at Jessica's (Morena Baccarin) fundraiser, Brody (Damian Lewis) gets a call from Roya (Zuleikha Robinson).
_	Rimmer tells the machine that the day that happens he'll be captain of the ship.
_	JLS made their first live performance of the song on the results show of "The X Factor" on 1 November 2009, the day that the single was released for download.
_	On September 18, the day that recording for the album was completed, the album's release was changed from mid-September to November 18.
_	The first three parts of the second volume, which Campbell was working on literally to the day that he died, were completed by Campbell's long-time editor, Robert Walter, and published by Harper and Row in 1989.
_	Salmon claimed that whereas Modigliani was a totally pedestrian artist when sober, "...from the day that he abandoned himself to certain forms of debauchery, an unexpected light came upon him, transforming his art.
_	Morris made his State of Origin debut for NSW 31 years to the day that his dad Steve had made his only test appearance for Australia in 1978.
_	January 27, 1945, is the day that the former Nazi concentration and extermination camp of Auschwitz-Birkenau was liberated.
_	The leader of the Japanese under Yan's command, Hosaku Imamura, committed suicide on the day that Taiyuan fell to Communist forces.
_	He attempted to warn Tiberius Gracchus of the plots against his life on the day that he was killed; in 121 BC, having supported Gaius Gracchus in his reform program and tried to lead an armed resistance against the Senate, he and his elder son were tracked down and executed (beheaded) without trial on the orders of the consul Lucius Opimius; the youngest son, too young to have participated in any plotting or armed revolt, died in prison, again without trial (another son was apparently the father of Fulvia, third wife of Mark Antony).
_	The album sold gold on the day that it was released.
_	There was fear later in the day that the whale could have perished, as she had not been seen for some time; however, she was spotted by a Port Authority boat at 9:26 am near Albert Bridge.
_	The trade occurred on the day that Hossa had signed a new contract.
_	At the opening of the works Bagley reiterated the view of the day that, with the completion of the sewerage works and the Outer Harbour Scheme, Mackay would become even more important, and the Government Medical Officer, Dr Ernest Wesley Chenoweth, emphasised the public health advantages of the new sewerage scheme.
_	Flashbacks reveal the day that led Su-mi to be institutionalized.
_	Similarly, a Baraita compared the day that God created the universe with the day that the Israelites dedicated the Tabernacle.
_	According to Houston City Council member Jarvis Johnson, 400 of the school's 500 students attended classes on Wednesday September 15, the day that the TEA's order took effect.
_	Sol while maintaining appearances and covering himself from the suspicions of others, especially Roberta Santos', until the day that the real Martin Perez would wake out of the coma.
_	On the day that Je–Wel released The Teen Kings' single, Orbison took a copy to Cecil "Pop" Holifield (1905–1974) of Odessa, who owned two record stores ("The Record Shop"), one in Odessa and one in Midland.
_	Little feeding is done in the period of the day that is between the two duty swaps and no feeding is done between midnight and 6 a.m.
_	On the day that should be their third wedding, Erica collapses.
_	The day that Jeanie married was the day that Jeanie died
_	On the day that the Ludlow Massacre occurred, Lieutenant Karl Linderfelt, commander of one of two companies of the Colorado National Guard, had Louis Tikas, leader of the Ludlow tent colony of striking miners, at gunpoint.
_	On July 10, 1983, Derbyshire police undertook a full-scale reconstruction of the day that Susan died, with Detective Constable Brenda Kirby playing the part of Susan.
_	When they met again at the same stage of the 2014 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, it was possible for commentators to describe 28 August 2011 as "the day that shook football's landscape to the core" and the match as "one of the landmark games" in the history of its sport.
_	Hank believes the current date to be 20 June; however, it is actually the 21st when he makes his threat, the day that the eclipse will occur at 12:03 p.m.
_	Around 10:00pm, the crowd moved to Washington Street, chanting, ""Curse the day that Lincoln freed the niggers"," ""No niggers in Springfield"," and ""Kill 'em on sight"!"
_	Joanne was introduced during an episode set in 2001, the day that Lisa Loveday was abducted.
_	The story of the day that overshadowed these circumstances however, was The Play, with Cal defeating Stanford in the Big Game.
_	The massacre occurred over a period of six weeks starting on December 13, 1937, the day that the Japanese captured Nanjing.
_	Named for Brood's backing band, the film received its premiere on the day that Brood would have turned 60 on November 5, 2006.
_	On 1 September 1939, the day that the German invasion of Poland began, Rochford relinquished his commission in the RAFO, and was appointed a flight lieutenant in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve.
_	According to the 10th-century Byzantine encyclopedia the "Suda", Iacchus was also the name of his "feast" day, presumably the day that Iacchus was carried to Eleuisis as part of the Eleusinian procession.
_	On the day that another major general, Hun Jian, as Emperor Dezong's emissary, was set to formally sign the treaty with Shang at Pingliangchuan (平涼川), Emperor Dezong remarked to the officials at Chang'an that it was a fortunate time for the state.
_	June 11, 1898 marked the conclusion of the convention of the Social Democracy of America as well as the day that 33 delegates bolted to hold a meeting establishing themselves as the Social Democratic Party of America.
_	About 500 inmates were also discovered dead in piles near the gates, who had been executed the very morning of the day that the camp was liberated.
_	But when the press started, when I would go out on the - on the tour and do my appearances, and people would come up and say they never thought they'd see the day that it would happen; when people would want to shake my hand, and you'd see tears in their eyes, and they'd say, I never thought I'd see it in my lifetime - that's when, you know, it was definitely a very special honor."
_	The song was featured in the "Only Fools and Horses" episode "Fatal Extraction" broadcast on 25 December 1993, the day that the song had been knocked off number one in the singles chart.
_	Leclerc was posthumously created a Marshal of France on 23 August 1952, the anniversary of the day that 2e DB had entered Paris.
_	Whatever the cause, on the day that Catherine of Aragon was buried at Peterborough Abbey, Anne miscarried a baby which, according to the imperial ambassador Eustace Chapuys, she had borne for about three and a half months, and which "seemed to be a male child".
_	The Flag of Yemen () was adopted on May 22, 1990, the day that North Yemen and South Yemen were unified.
_	He replied that he was an angel, and from the day that he was created, he had not yet had his time to sing praises to God, until that moment.
_	While recording, Ashcroft would often improvise lyrics on the spot – the vocal take for "Blue" was only completed at six a.m. on the day that the band's record label were scheduled to receive the album's master tapes.
_	On 17 April, the day that the prime minister's election was scheduled, the protesters intended to block entrances to the building of the National Assembly in order to prevent the vote from taking place.
_	Abraham held a great feast on the day that Sarah weaned Isaac.
_	On September 6, 1996, he hit his 500th career home run off Felipe Lira—fittingly, the home run came as a member of the Orioles, and also came exactly one year to the day that Ripken had broken Lou Gehrig's streak of 2,130 consecutive games played.
_	The movement arose in 1754 out of a dispute within the Skete of St. Anne at Mount Athos when a group of monks objected to the scheduling of the commemoration of the dead on Sunday, the day that represented the Resurrection and Christ's victory over death, instead of Saturday or weekdays as it had been according to ancient custom.
_	Following the end of apartheid, South Africa rejoined the Commonwealth, thirty-three years to the day that the republic was established.
_	In a speech on May 7, 1954–the day that the Viet Minh defeated French forces at the Battle of Diên Biên Phu in Vietnam– Garcia repeated the Philippine stand for nationalism and opposition to Communism.
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of which was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	This date marked the day that the PMA signed the AEA’s basic agreement, giving the union everything it had demanded during the strike.
_	Julia, who was also very greedy, also dreaded the day that Taryn would turn seventeen, because then, her daughter would be considered legal age as a model and the money would go directly to her and not to her mother.
_	This is their story about how their lives were disrupted and how they intertwined and what really happened the day that one child died.
_	On the day that he was scheduled to depart, his overseer invited him to dinner and "promised a satisfactory adjustment".
_	On the day that war was declared on Germany, a Blenheim Mk IV, "N6215", piloted by Flying Officer Andrew McPherson was the first British aircraft to cross the German coast to perform a high altitude reconnaissance mission upon the German Navy in the vicinity of Wilhelmshaven, Lower Saxony.
_	Only one train ever crossed the bridge - the train that ran on the day that it opened.
_	In 2009, Waltz took command of Special Operations Forces in Afghanistan along the Pakistani border on the day that then-Private Bowe Bergdahl walked away from his post; in the aftermath, Waltz led search efforts for Bergdahl.
_	Further, the date chosen for the 1998 United States embassy bombings (August 7) was eight years to the day that American troops were sent to Saudi Arabia.
_	On the day that Agrippina married her uncle Claudius as her third husband/his fourth wife, she became an Empress and the most powerful woman in the Roman Empire.
_	On the day that Texas acquired the first ship to the purpose, "Liberty", the General Council reported that they were being offered another, "Invincible, "which they recommended be examined and, if suitable, purchased immediately.
_	Scoble says that Saturday, 17 July 1897 was "the day that changed Blythe's life".
_	There is also a longer version during the day that slowly rises then drops slightly at the end.
_	Mana realizes he can't come as it is on the day that he'll be patched, and leaves angrily.
_	In July 2007, virtually a year to the day that he left the England job, Eriksson was confirmed as the new manager of Manchester City after signing a three-year contract worth £2 million per year, plus bonuses.
_	Additionally, Carroll and Alice cite that the day of the excursion described by the poem was "burning" hot; ironically, however, the day that they mention was cloudy, rainy and not particularly "golden."
_	ECOWAS announced later in the day that the junta had 72 hours to return power to constitutional authorities, or Mali would face the closure of its land borders and the freezing of its assets in ECOWAS member nations.
_	On the day that "Pinfold" was published, Waugh was persuaded to attend a Foyle's Literary Luncheon, as a means of promoting the book.
_	A Midrash taught that on the day that Moses completed construction of the Tabernacle (as reported in ), he composed which Jews read in the "Pesukei D'Zimrah" section of the morning "Shacharit" prayer service.
_	Because none of the purchases had actually occurred, Madoff, DiPascali, and others would allegedly price each stock at some chosen price from the range of prices which the stock was selling for on the day that the stocks were supposedly purchased.
_	The teams met during the Streak, where it was five years to the day that the Celtics' stopped the Houston Rockets' own 20+-game winning streak.
_	While many people in the UK recall Black Wednesday as a national disaster that permanently affected the country's international prestige, some in the Conservative Party claim that the forced ejection from the ERM was a "Golden Wednesday" or "White Wednesday", the day that paved the way for an economic revival, with the Conservatives handing Tony Blair's New Labour a much stronger economy in 1997 than had existed in 1992 as the new economic policy swiftly devised in the aftermath of Black Wednesday led to re-establishment of economic growth with falling unemployment and inflation.
_	And the day that we walked into the building, was a real shock, because nobody expected it.
_	Therefore, the aforementioned Orthodox Christians mark December 25 (and thus Christmas) on the day that is internationally considered to be January 7.
_	On the day that Mr. Wong's body is due to be sent to China, Mike finds his mother and agrees to accompany her.
_	On the day that the story takes place, a truck carrying a mysterious cargo has an accident, and the driver flees.
_	The actors and actresses were not told about their characters' deaths until the day that each script was given.
_	On the day that they moved, Ray Davies broke down on the beach after a gig.
_	Thus, only those who were born between the period of 15 February 1977 (the day that the 1977 Act went into effect) and 16 April 1981 were required to retain citizenship and, if had not taken the steps to do so, would lose their Canadian citizenship between 15 February 2005 and 16 April 2009.
_	In some Canadian cities, such as Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, "PT 109" premiered in theaters on November 22, 1963, the day that Kennedy was assassinated.
_	One particularly notable artifact is the crumpled bicycle that Fabio Casartelli, a native of the region, rode on the day that he died in a crash in the Tour de France.
_	This footage showed parts of the day that weren’t included in the episode, from ‘wake-up call’ to ‘lights out’.
_	The following are commonly accepted divisions of the day that can be said before the time:
_	The SWP were active in the mass movements opposing the criminalisation of IRA prisoners in the early 1980s, and members of the SWM were active in local Anti-H Block committees (Dundalk member Phil Toale, a shop steward in the town's cigarette factory, organised a general strike in the town the day that hunger-striker Bobby Sands died).
_	On 22 July 2014, the day that the KPU was due to announce its official tally, Prabowo withdrew from the race after having insisted on his victory since the initial quick counts were released, although the majority showed Jokowi ahead.
_	On the day that "Premiere" aired CBS placed a full-page advertisement for the set on page nine of the "New York Times", although orders for the $499.95 set would not actually be taken until late September.
_	Abu Hurayrah reports: "The Prophet informed his companions about the death of Negus (Najashi), the king of Abyssinia, the day that he died.
_	The initiators choose the day that is celebrated anniversary of the Ilinden Uprising.
_	In South Korea, 국군의 날 (English: "Armed Forces Day") falls on 1 October, the day that South Korean forces broke through the 38th parallel in 1950 during the Korean War.
_	In the modern world, gleaning is practised by humanitarian groups which distribute the gleaned food to the poor and hungry; in a modern context, this can include the collection of food from supermarkets at the end of the day that would otherwise be thrown away.
_	This day was influenced by the French, as it was the day that Baldwin was crowned King of Jerusalem, on 11 November 1100 (St Martin's Day).
_	All she has to do is wait for the next new moon, then insert another nail in Suraj's other foot, and then wait for Karva Chouth - that is the day that will put him completely under her control.
_	Zedong first met Yixiu on the day that the contract was signed.
_	Bakhtiar fled on the same day, 11 February, the day that is officially named as "Islamic Revolution's Victory Day".
_	While many continue to hope for the day that Esperanto becomes officially recognized as the international auxiliary language, an increasing number have stopped focusing on this goal and instead view the Esperanto community as a "stateless diasporic linguistic minority" based on freedom of association, with a culture worthy of preservation based on its own merit.
_	Alexander entered the Peerage of Ireland as Baron Caledon, of Caledon, in the County of Tyrone on 6 June 1790 and was subsequently created Viscount Caledon on 23 November 1797 and finally Earl of Caledon on 29 December 1800, on the day that 18 Irish peerages were conferred on persons who already possessed a peerage of that kingdom.
_	It was discovered earlier in the day that the engine had failed, and rather than withdraw (and give their starting spot to Tom Bigelow, the first alternate), the crew gridded the car as normal.
_	On the day that Murphy began his filibuster, Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, said that he was in talks with Feinstein about possible compromise legislation on blocking gun sales to terrorism suspects.
_	And the Baraita deduced exhortation to obedience for all time from the use of the word "command" in which says, "even all that the Lord has commanded you by the hand of Moses, from the day that the Lord gave the commandment, and onward throughout your generations."
_	'His sun went down at noon on the day that ushered in our nation’s birth'."
_	In a missive containing much inflammatory language, he called d'Estaing's decision "derogatory to the honor of France", and included further complaints in orders of the day that were later suppressed when cooler heads prevailed.
_	Day One Christian Ministries, formerly known as the Lord's Day Observance Society (LDOS), is a Christian organisation based in the United Kingdom that lobbies for no work on Sunday, the day that many Christians celebrate as the Sabbath, a day of rest.
_	On November 3, 2017, at the age of 35 years old, the day that he retired as a player Fuld was named the major league player information coordinator for the Philadelphia Phillies, under new manager Gabe Kapler.
_	On the day that President Grímsson announced that he would not sign the new Icesave law, the UK Financial Services Secretary Lord Myners responded saying that "The Icelandic people, if they took that decision [not to accept the bill], would effectively be saying that Iceland doesn't want to be part of the international financial system," while Dutch finance minister Wouter Bos called such a decision "unacceptable" and stated that whatever the outcome of the Icelandic referendum, Iceland would still be "compelled to pay back the money".
_	On the day that Iglesias was fired, Harriet Miers' deputy William Kelley wrote that Domenici's chief of staff "is happy as a clam" about Iglesias and a week later Sampson wrote that "Domenici is going to send over names tomorrow (not even waiting for Iglesias's body to cool)."
_	15 March in the year 4340 of the Dangun Era is called "Royal Day Festival" (hangul: 어천절 hanja: romaja: eocheonjeol), the day that the semi-legendary founder Dangun returned to the heavens.
_	This National Emblem was adopted on 26 January 1950, the day that India became a republic.
_	Lt. Kirby headed a Civil War volunteer battalion and was promoted to bridgadier general on the day that he died in combat at the Battle of Chancellorsville on May 28, 1863.
_	Foster discovered that the Tolai people had a legend of a "devil fish" appearing offshore on the day that "AE1" disappeared.
_	A briefing paper finalized on the day that the conflict ended draws on their findings which had two main conclusions:
_	They were in position on 18 May the day that Peronne fell to the Germans.
_	Ahmadinejad said that the issue with Palestine would be over "the day that all refugees return to their homes [and] a democratic government elected by the people comes to power", and denounced attempts to normalise relations with Israel, condemning all Muslim leaders who accept the existence of Israel as "acknowledging a surrender and defeat of the Islamic world."
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of which was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	The Joint Operations Command (JOC) stated during the day that they had captured 11 villages around al-Qairawan.
_	As the sorority grew, the national nature of Tri Sigma solidified with the standardization of a ceremony for new members and the creation of a program to celebrate the day that Sigma Sigma Sigma was founded, Founder's Day.
_	On the day that the IAEA was asked by the U.S. to pull its inspectors out of Iraq, in advance of the March 2003 bombing, ElBaradei altered the draft of a speech he was about to deliver to the IAEA Board of Governors, adding a quote from Adlai Stevenson:
_	Seul-bi gets her wish of knowing humanity better, in high school learning firsthand the joys and sorrows of being a normal teenager, but she must also face a test unknown to any teenager nor angel, for on the day that she became mortal, the soul she should have led into the next life was Woo-hyun's
_	Additionally, he cultivated a reputation as carouser-in-chief and swayed shoulder-to-shoulder with other literati of the day that he had got to know through Envoy and who used the pub, McDaid's, as their base: Flann O'Brien, Patrick Kavanagh, Patrick Swift, Anthony Cronin, J. P. Donleavy and artist Desmond MacNamara whose bust of Behan is on display at the National Writers Museum.
_	Bermejo's birthdate is a rather unusual date in the Basque Country, as it refers to the day that ETA arose.
_	The US also knew though at the end of the day that the Philippines was very important in the Pacific militarily.
_	To arrive at the correct date, instructs counting seven weeks from the day after the day of rest of Passover, the day that they brought the sheaf of barley for waving.
_	The video begins with the words "December 21st, 2012" flashing on screen, the day that refers to the fulfillment of the Great Cycle, Baktun in the Mayan calendar.
_	Rabbi Naftali Zvi Horowitz of Ropshitz (May 22, 1760 – May 8, 1827) was born on the day that the Baal Shem Tov died, to Rabbi Menachem Mendel Rubin of Linsk.
_	Živadinović recalled: "I shall never forget the day that we saw the sea.
_	Six days later, on July 24, 2012, it was first announced that the team would play the remainder of their season on the road, but was announced later in the day that the team would be folding altogether.
_	However, he finally did accept and was the Kingdom's sovereign from 15 June 1903 to 1 December 1918, the day that the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes was proclaimed.
_	They decided to keep it a secret until the day that they can prove it true.
_	Iglesias performed the song on "Dancing with the Stars" on 15 May 2007, on the day that the song was made available in the U.S. iTunes Store as a digital single, where it eventually reached number 13.
_	Myers says Crane's interview with The Guardian Thursday broke a promise that was made during a caucus meeting earlier in the day that no MLAs would speak with media following a brief news conference held to offer reaction to Perry's departure.
_	Houbraken took his information from his first teacher, the landscape painter Willem van Drielenburg, who was with Verveer, along with the painters Johannes Offermans and Arnoldus Verbuys, the day that Verveer's house burned down.
_	In July 2018, on the day that the Special Counsel investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election indicted 12 Russian agents, Domenech spread information from a hoax version of the indictment documents.
_	The letter itself was so finely tuned to the political dynamics of the day that though the printer was arrested, the court censor writes that "I can fasten nothing on "The Poor Whore's Petition" that a jury will take notice of."
_	(Icelandic: The right day) on 26 May 1968 was the day that Iceland changed from left hand traffic to right hand traffic.
_	Mars told the Swan that Helen would be able to change into her for an hour at a time, as long as she served him, and on the day that she destroyed Wonder Woman, she would become the Silver Swan forever.
_	Unfortunately, following the fire at Tenants' Cottage, Andy admitted that he was responsible for the fire that killed his adoptive mother, Sarah Sugden, and was sentenced to three years in prison on the day that they planned to marry so Andy asked Jo to marry him while he was in prison.
_	Typically, during the construction of buildings, fire protective systems must conform to the requirements of building code that was in effect on the day that the building permit was applied for.
_	It was in this capacity as a leading union magazine editor of the day that Hagerty was invited early in January 1905 as one of 23 industrial union activists from 9 organizations to a secret Chicago conference for the planning of a new national union.
_	On 22 April 2013, Phoenix played a rare London show at Shepherd's Bush Empire on the day that "Bankrupt!" was released.
_	Finally, Jack Donaghy's (Alec Baldwin) mother Colleen (Stritch) visits him on the 35th anniversary of the day that Jack's father left the family.
_	The climate worsened when Forrest instigated divorce proceedings against his English wife for immoral conduct, and the verdict came down against Forrest on the day that Macready arrived in New York for his farewell tour.
_	He resigned in July 2011, four years into his five-year term, and officially stepped down August 10, 2011, the day that Haverford announced his interim replacement for the 2011-2012 academic year, former Mount Holyoke College president Joanne V. Creighton.
_	However, on the day that Stanton assumed his position, Maj.
_	It is located in front of the Palace of Youth and Sports, It was unveiled on 17 February 2008, the day that Kosovo formally declared its independence from Serbia.
_	The first day of a two-day settlement period (T+2) starts on the business day following the day that a security was purchased or sold.
_	In season 1, she was taken out of the school and into the Society's care on the day that Nina arrived at the school, and all history of her enrollment removed.
_	The paper received so many threats the day that the story appeared that Azango's editor, Wade Williams, called to tell her to go into hiding.
_	On the day that the album was released the band won the Hope for 2008 Award at the Meteor Music Awards.
_	The name Day 26 was selected from the day that they were picked which was August 26, 2007.
_	The naming process is a very important event in the life of a Kaiabi, their names reflect the community in which they live, one is given a name based on the day that his is born.
_	The first of January was a day of celebration for African Americans who commemorated the day that President Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation went into effect.
_	The plot starts from the day that one of his son's, Cristóbal Montt (Simón Pesutic), arrives in Valparaíso.
_	Mathews led a charge early in the day that resulted in the capture up to 100 British soldiers; however, as the day progressed, his regiment had penetrated so deeply into British lines that it became isolated from Washington's army and was engulfed by opposing troops.
_	This was balanced by acts of ego, such as the re-sinking of the "Seydlitz" after it had been successfully lifted early, as he had arranged for the press to be present on the day that it had been scheduled to be raised.
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of which was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	However, on the day that Janetta escapes, Sophia is caught by Macdonald in the act of stealing his money.
_	The mob was involved in fierce sectarian fighting throughout the day that injured at least 10 in the Sayo district of Poso.
_	But the day that George was Johnsoned
_	Upon the day that San Sebastián fell Soult attempted to relieve it, but in the battles of Vera and San Marcial was repulsed by the Spanish Army of Galicia under General Manuel Freire.
_	"Saratoga" was laid down on 7 March 1814, launched on 11 April 1814 and she was christened April 6, the day that Napoleon abdicated.
_	Unfortunately, the day that KTRG was set to debut, a technical glitch (due to last-minute repairs at the transmitter site to get it corrected) delayed the station's 5 p.m. debut, which meant viewers did not get to see the station launch until 10:10 p.m. that evening; its first full day of programming would start a day later on July 5.
_	Rabbi Melai taught in the name of Rabbi Isaac of Magdala that from the day that Joseph departed from his brothers he abstained from wine, reading to report, "The blessings of your father . . . shall be on the head of Joseph, and on the crown of the head of him who was a nazirite (since his departure) from his brethren."
_	This is the point in her life's journey which reveals what really happened the day that Violet and Conchita gave birth.
_	The old station at Grandpont became a goods depot, but was closed completely on 26 November 1872, the day that the broad gauge tracks were removed north of Didcot.
_	Taylor eventually was forced to sell the paper, but not before using it as a political platform from which he railed against Chinese immigration, big business, and other issues of the day that helped establish his reputation as a populist leader.
_	On the day that Opimius planned to repeal Gaius' laws, an attendant of Opimius, Quintus Antyllius, carrying the entrails of a sacrifice, forced his way through a crowd.
_	However this collapsed after Lee's sudden death – Lazenby was actually meant to meet up with Lee for lunch on the day that Lee died.
_	Often during the growing season, continental climates will have wide diurnal temperature variations with very warm temperatures during the day that drop drastically at night.
_	Ted tells his children that the day that he told their mother he loved her was significant because he had not said those words to anyone since he confessed to Robin that he still loved her.
_	One reviewer noted in 1901 that "It is a part of the progress of the day that the Nature study is coming into prominence in our schemes of education, and, beyond these, is entering into our plans for coveted diversion, yet it is a real surprise that so large and increasing a number of each season's publications are devoted to the purpose."
_	God then places this first man in the Garden of Eden, telling him that "Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat: But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die" ().
_	Due to the unexpected death of his daughter, Brewer left for his Leavenworth home on the day that "Plessy v. Ferguson" was argued before the Court, and did not participate in that decision.
_	It was said that the day that Yang was made chancellor, his reputation for frugality caused a change in his colleagues' behavior.
_	After Constance passes away, Sage later revealed that she is Gabriel's wife, that she married Gabriel the day that he died in the car crash, and that her and Adam would have to stay married for 3 years in order to receive Constance's inheritance.
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of which was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	On the day that the plan was announced, Tornel issued a decree subjecting the press to censorship and making it a crime to publish posters that offended the regime.
_	It wasn't until the day that she graduated high school that she gathered the courage to come out to her family—including her mom, which was the hardest according to Norman.
_	An agreement on the two regulations which make up the CFP was eventually reached on the night of 30 June 1970 - the day that negotiations were due to start for the accession of the UK, Ireland, Denmark and Norway.
_	On the day that this discovery was announced to the London Stock Exchange the company's share price fell by 14%.
_	Rav Awira taught (sometimes in the name of Rabbi Ammi, sometimes in the name of Rabbi Assi) that the words "And the child grew, and was weaned (, "va-yigamal"), and Abraham made a great feast on the day that Isaac was weaned" in teach that God will make a great feast for the righteous on the day that God manifests ("yigmol")
_	He then went to Czechoslovakia and Germany before returning to London on September 1, 1939, the day that Germany invaded Poland to mark the beginning of World War II.
_	Twelve days later, on 30 March, the day that final election results were known, Will Hodgman was unanimously elected by the party as their new leader.
_	She tells Mick about the day that she went home and found her mother's body and he applauds her for being brave enough to share such a personal story with him.
_	He also made a prophecy: "I dream of the day that teams will dress two goaltenders for each game."
_	In February 1650 The Council of Four Lands assembled in Lublin, where it was declared that the Memorial Day for the sanctions in Blois and for the day that nemyriv fell will be on the 10th of June, 1648 (20th of Sivan- a month from the Jewish calendar)
_	July 7, 2010 was the day that discussions between the Cuban government and the Catholic Church ended with an agreement to release the total of 52 prisoners, which included the 26 inmates Fariñas protested for.
_	On the day that Randall is born, he is dropped off in front of a firehouse by his biological father, William, and then taken to the hospital, where he is adopted by Jack and Rebecca.
_	Solberg was dismissed the day that Pederson returned, undoubtedly related to his views on the occupation, which differed from Professor Pedersen's views:
_	Gruppen suffered moderate losses but claimed 18 bombers in return, on the day that the American 100th Bomb Group only had one bomber return intact to Thorpe Abbotts from their unit on the Münster raid.
_	Bar Kappara reinterpreted the words of to say, "ask "not" of the days past, which were before you, since the day that God created man upon the earth," teaching that one may speculate from the day that days were created, but one should not speculate on what was before that.
_	"Myself and several other people understand that supporters and opponents will clash on the day that Thaksin returns home.
_	Coronel Irrazábal was sent to Belgium in a mission to prosecute the studies of Estado Mayor when the things were calmer, thanks to diplomatic help until July 31, 1932, the day that Bolivian forces took over Fortín Boquerón, which became a "casus belli" for Paraguay.
_	The Irish War of Independence in effect began on the day that the First Dáil convened, 21 January 1919.
_	It held a series of cultural events from September 15, 2006, to September 15, 2007, culminating on the day that the city turned 100 years old.
_	That day, April 8, is considered to be the day that Cuiabá was founded.
_	On 1 April 1918, the day that the Royal Flying Corps and Royal Naval Air Service were merged to form the Royal Air Force, Frew was again appointed a temporary captain.
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of which was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	Hans remembers the day that Ondine left and asks, "But why does she proclaim to the world that she deceived me with Bertram?"
_	But says, "the day that the Lord God made earth and heaven" (listing earth before heaven).
_	The second version suggests that he is waiting at an abandoned mill, waiting for the day that the furnace burns again.
_	Despite this, he decides to continue waiting inside the shop for the day that they meet again.
_	However, some twenty-five years later, Caraballo was interviewed by Amherst's Bike Path Rapist Task Force and admitted that on the day that the car was identified by the victim he wasn't driving it.
_	The regiment sailed from India for Egypt in December 1800 for service in the Egyptian Campaign reaching Cairo in the day that the French troops surrendered.
_	April 15, 2009 is said to have been the day that had the largest number of tea party demonstrations reportedly in more than 750 cities.
_	It was announced later in the day that former Superintendent Serpas would be taking on a faculty teaching position at Loyola University of New Orleans.
_	On 21 March 2016, the day that would have been Hind’s 36th birthday, the key findings of a Helicopter Emergency Medical Service consultation were announced.
_	In 2004 the Howard government passed legislation that prevented registration after 8 pm on the day that the writs were issued (this can be up to 10 days after the election has been announced).
_	Students signed up for the authority's "MySQA" system are able to check their record online throughout the year and get their exam results by text and/or email on the day that the results are issued.
_	Lucy also serves in much the manner of Trueman, to give the audience the character of the life that this successful merchant leads, filled with "fine linens and furniture", further solidifying her role as the merchant and the subversion of the economic order of the day that Lillo illustrates with her character.
_	On the day that the Justice Department investigation of the first allegation was made public, October 12, 2006, Kolbe's spokeswoman Korenna Cline said that his office had not been contacted by the Justice Department or House Ethics Committee.
_	His mother has said that she believes two 'wounding' incidents in his French adolescence contributed to the formation of an extremist sensibility: the first the day that his school careers adviser pushed him towards minor, technical studies, with "the clear implication that he was only an Arab and would need nothing more," and the second the day that the father of his teenage sweetheart warned him off because he was an Arab.
_	This play depicts the day that his son returns home and tries to address the aftermaths and influences that his disappearance had had on the family as a whole.
_	The date, time and place of the meeting was set in a Royal Proclamation of 18 September 1959, issued on the day that the previous Parliament was dissolved.
_	On April 18, 1999, the Kings played their final regular-season NHL game at the Forum, a 3–2 loss to the St. Louis Blues, on the day that former King and Blue Wayne Gretzky played his final NHL game as a New York Ranger; their last game altogether at the Fabulous Forum was a 8–1 preseason win over the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim on September 20 of that year.
_	The stamps were released on the day that a retrospective of his work organized to recognize the centenary of the artist's birth opened at the National Gallery of Canada.
_	The date is considered the day that the Surakarta Sunanate was established.
_	The version for any particular country was retired on the day that country was eliminated from the World Cup tournament.
_	This was the day that Mark first became known as "The Hammer" and the day that a union was born between himself and Mark "Chopper" Read.
_	No. 7 Group was created on the day that the RAF officially came into being.
_	When Lucy continues to speak optimistically of the day that he will find work, her teenage granddaughter bluntly advises her to "face facts" that it will never happen because of his age.
_	On the day that Wello was announced, Azoi opened pre-orders in United States as well as Canada, China, India, Hong Kong, Singapore, the United Kingdom and across the EU.
_	On 29 May 1774 (the day that the 1662 Book of Common Prayer set aside to commemorate the restoration of the monarchy under Charles II), Rev. Charles Woodmason angered the local Patriots by performing the special liturgy authorized for that occasion, which stresses that those in authority—especially the King—must be obeyed, and read the homily on obedience (the traditional reading for this day), all as the Prayer Book rubrics directed.
_	Having beaten a Brisbane team 43 to 10 earlier on the day that their teammate died, the New Zealand All Blacks were weakened by the departure of six players to accompany the body and make funeral arrangements.
_	On September 11, 2008 the day that the state supreme court stay was to end, a new death warrant was signed by the same judge.
_	The Eighth Army recaptured Mersa Matruh on 8 November, the day that Torch began; a convoy set sail from Alexandria to the port the same day.
_	Vedder later said that "the day that we found out about Kurt ... I was just spinning.
_	However, Emperor Wen had him summoned from the capital Chang'an to plan together the invasion of rival Chen Dynasty, making the promise to Li, "On the day that Chen is conquered, I will use seven kinds of jewels to decorate you, so that no one east of the Qinling Mountains would be more honored than you would be."
_	It was considered by the government of the day that in many areas then served by only one commercial radio service (on AM), the introduction of an additional and independent commercial FM service would result in economic viability issues for one or both of the services.
_	Many of these memorable matches being reported in newspaper articles of the day that are in the Club's historical archive.
_	The "ITV News at 10.30" launched on ITV on 2 February 2004 (the day that ITV in England, Wales and Southern Scotland came under the ownership of a single company) and was presented by Sir Trevor McDonald.
_	Hester commented on the situation stating, “They got a couple touchbacks but you’ve still got guys bringing it out and at the end of the day that rule is pointless.
_	The official date of remembrance for the Armenian Genocide is 24 April, the day that marked the beginning of the deportation of Armenian intellectuals.
_	After their divorce, Mădălina Manole said, were moments in the day that I adored him and other times when I would want to shoot him."
_	"For the day that my darling sailed away from Culmore."
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of the game was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	A few weeks later Mr. Shortley comes back and says Mrs. Shortley died of a stroke on the day that they left.
_	Because Ball's 1940 appointment had been set to expire on the day of the next senatorial election rather than the expiration of Lundeen's term, Ball ceased being Senator on the day that he won a six-year term.
_	On August 1, 2012, Kelly called the HHS mandate of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) - which requires health insurers or employers that provide their employees with health insurance to cover some contraceptive costs in their health insurance plans - an attack on Americans' constitutionally protected religious rights and that August 1, 2012, would go down in infamy as "the day that religious freedom died".
_	Once she mentioned that she would like the hill of Monte Grande to be named in her honor; her request was carried out after her death on 7 April 1991, on the day that would have been her 102nd birthday.
_	That session with Ford led to a close personal relationship with him and his family, and led to Kennerly's appointment as photographer to the President, the day that Ford took office after Nixon's resignation as the chief executive on August 9, 1974.
_	She has also performed live on Parliament Hill in 1997 for the Canada Day celebration; and on October 18, 2000 Crystal sang the "Famous Five Anthem" for the inauguration of the "Women are Persons!" monument on Parliament Hill to commemorate the day that women were declared "persons" in 1929.
_	President Carter campaigned from the Delta Queen and was on it in 1979 on the day that Simonton died.
_	Sendak's appearance on a January 2012 episode of "The Colbert Report" saw him teach Colbert how to illustrate and provide a book blurb for Colbert's own children's book, "I Am a Pole (And So Can You!)", and the day that Sendak died was also the book's official release date.
_	It also meant that Wimbledon's 14-year spell in the top flight was over and they were relegated to Division One 12 years to the day that they had beaten Liverpool to achieve a shock FA Cup triumph.
_	Shizen'en-mae Station was opened on December 11, 1986, the day that operation of the line was transferred from the Japan National Railway (JNR) to the Nagaragawa Railway.
_	During his teenage years he joined the Young People's Socialist League (YPSL), then the youth affiliate of the Socialist Party of America, and he became a leader of the national student movements of the day that organized against fascism, war, and unemployment.
_	On 10 May 1940, the day that Germany launched its invasion of the Netherlands, 28 D.XXIs were serviceable and ready for operations.
_	He retired as Bishop of Rockhampton on 13 December 2013, ten years to the day that he was appointed.
_	During a recent visit he clearly recalled the day that he unceremoniously pulled Air Commodore Atcherley out of an Auster which he had rolled onto its back while landing.
_	It was revealed later in the day that Brown had suffered a broken collarbone, which required surgery to repair it.
_	On the day that he is leaving, Akari's father, who was supposed to be on leave that day, is suddenly called back to the hospital to do an "emergency" operation.
_	The game was fixed for August 12, 2007, almost 22 years to the day that Eamon Mc Eneaney earned his place in Monaghan folklore for a massive equalising point against the same opposition who were as now defending all-Ireland champions.
_	Its final version was approved on 8 January 1918, the day that U.S. President Woodrow Wilson announced his Fourteen Points.
_	After the fighting is over, Esther then passes a law that the Jews must celebrate the day that changed their fate.
_	Rainsford commented, "It's typical that after a year of ups and downs and procrastinating, they got together on the day that Cal is murdered".
_	Pete finally loosens up and begins to give in to Vicki's temptations, but NBC page Kenneth Parcell (Jack McBrayer) sets him straight, telling him to recall the day that he got married.
_	Unfortunately, there were no MPs in Parliament during the protests because of the elections (the night of which the murder occurred), but big demonstrations took place on the day that Parliament re-convened.
_	The ultimate coat of arms was adopted on 1 January 1986, the day that Aruba separated from the Netherlands Antilles and acquired a "status aparte" within the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
_	It wasn't until later in the day that I found out that it was Jimi Hendrix.
_	In order to ensure the show's topicality, most of the show was taped on the day that it was broadcast.
_	Decoy had been tagging posters with the phrase "9/06", the day that Sung ordered the murder of Trane's father to cover up his involvement.
_	Some traditionalist Catholics, who use pre-1970 versions of the General Roman Calendar, and the Anglican Catholic Church celebrate it instead on the last Sunday of October, the Sunday before All Saints' Day, which is the day that was assigned in 1925.
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of the game was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	On August 16, 1960, the day that Cyprus became officially independent, ELDYK soldiers and officers disembarked at Famagusta from the Greek Landing Ship Tanks "LIMNOS" () and "ALIAKMON" (), the total force was 950 men.
_	Spectres of the Shoah" had its world premiere on April 25, 2015, almost 30 years to the day that "Shoah" was released, at the Hot Docs film festival in Toronto, Canada, where it won an Honourable Mention in the Best Mid-Length Documentary Competition.
_	The judges reminded the Chandrika Kumaratunge government of the day that its own media policy had emphasized the media’s right to expose corruption and misuse of power.
_	On the day that he is scheduled to perform a violin solo at a swank bridge luncheon held by his social-climbing mother, rich kid Waldo opts instead to play football with the gang.
_	Representative Jerry Litton, also from Missouri, died in one in 1976 the day that he won the Democratic primary and was to be nominated by party officials; on his death, the party ran a second primary, and former Governor Warren E. Hearnes, the runner-up in the first primary, won but was subsequently defeated by Republican John Danforth.
_	The first European was baptized on 10 September 1899, on the day that the first Adventist Church in Tonga was organized.
_	Discussions, dialogues, fora, and symposia are held especially on the burning issues of the day that directly or indirectly affect the education sector.
_	Scott Reeves won the Double Sprint event in 1996/97 in the biggest surf ever in an IronMan, with average set of 10–12 feet, and a set at the end of the day that was about 15 foot.
_	Norvell died in Detroit on April 24, 1850, the day that news came from Washington that he had been appointed U.S. Consul to Turkey.
_	This is an ordinary high school during the day that transforms at sundown into a safe institution for Weirns, Vampires, Werewolves and other supernatural beings.
_	On the day that Sheikh Mohammed Rifat died, announcers around the world proclaimed the loss of one of the Islamic beacons of light.
_	She was in Hamburg on the day that Britain entered the First World War with its declaration of war against Germany.
_	The Goncourt's Journal was started on the same day that they published their first novel, 2 December 1851, which was unluckily also the day that Louis-Napoleon launched his "coup d' état", leading to the imposition of martial law in Paris.
_	This seclusion is referred to as "umngeno" as it is the day that the initiate goes into isolation.
_	He died in a Martinez, California convalescent hospital on the day that the U.S. court clerk released the text of the decision that set the seal on McMurtry's efforts to reestablish O.T.O.
_	Moa performed "Running Through the Fire" on "Close Up" on 5 April 2010, the day that the album, "Love in Motion", was released in New Zealand.
_	The story begins in 1996 on the day that Kamila graduates with her teaching certificate, and the day the Taliban first arrive in Kabul, capital of Afghanistan and home to the Sidiqi family.
_	Their singing on the day that commemorated the Ascension of Jesus is depicted as raising them above their old, lifeless guardians, who remain at a lower level.
_	Bernstein and his wife Lilli left Europe for New York aboard the "SS Nieuw Amsterdam" at Southampton on August 25, 1939, and arrived in New York on September 1, the day that Germany invaded Poland.
_	On the day that the Marriage Equality referendum passed, the bridge was decorated in his memory, with flowers and tributes being left at the park bench where the attack occurred.
_	For sure it was not 21 April, the sometimes quoted date, the day that his predecessor was murdered, as contending chiefs erupted in fighting for at least one or two months after Tukuʻaho's dead.
_	On the day that they raised 10,162 against Rochdale Hornets, they had to cut the wages of the players, despite winning the game.
_	The very beginning of the nine "hell" cycles was precisely the day that Hernán Cortés landed in Mexico, April 22, 1519 (coinciding with "1 Reed" on the Aztec/Mayan calendar, the day sacred to Mesoamerican cultural hero Quetzalcoatl).
_	Hundreds of Baltic Freikorps soldiers had planned to settle in Latvia, and for those who had fought there, the land made a lasting impression and many of them longed for the day that they could return there.
_	The letter was addressed to Goethe’s House on Frauenplan and stamped one day prior to the day that Tatarî was found dead.
_	The 1st Battalion was serving in Ireland upon the outbreak of the war and was given orders to mobilise on 4 August, the day that Britain declared war on Germany.
_	On December 19, the day that the Electoral College convened in state capitols around the country, Sanders received one electoral vote for president, from David Mulinix, a faithless elector in Hawaii who also voted for Senator Elizabeth Warren for vice president.
_	On the day that Adams took office (March 17, 1905), the Republican-controlled legislature voted to remove him from office and reinstall Peabody, on the condition that Peabody immediately resign.
_	Until the day that is, that he tactlessly reveals the trick to Aristide Thommereux, a friend of Robineau, who has returned from several years away in the East, hoping to renew his secret love for Angèle.
_	Bulman lives only for the day that he can put Scott (played on TV by Stephen Yardley) back behind bars, but he and his sidekick Detective Constable Derek Willis (Dennis Blanch) are thwarted every time, even gaining some slight sympathy and respect for Scott as they discover how he and they have been used by the secret service.
_	The continued presence of US troops in Saudi Arabia after the war was one of the stated motivations behind the 11 September terrorist attacks, the Khobar Towers bombing, and the date chosen for the 1998 US embassy bombings (7 August), which was eight years to the day that US troops were sent to Saudi Arabia.
_	The transfer ceremony occurred on the day that the commissioners appointed by the governments of Russia and the United States for that purpose arrived via the at New Archangel (Sitka), the capital of Russian America.
_	Zarelli notified Ann Rivers earlier in the day that he wouldn't be seeking reelection and invited her to run for his soon to be former senate seat.
_	The brilliant H.V. Perera, the county's leading civil lawyer, volunteered his services free on behalf of Bracegirdle; he was made a Queen's Counsel (QC) on the day that Bracegirdle appeared in court.
_	In the United Kingdom, a cheap day return ticket is a reduced fare charged to passengers who make their outward and return trips on the same day, usually within specified hours of the day that do not coincide with peak travel periods, such as rush hour.
_	Constitution Day () in South Korea is observed on 17 July, the day that the South Korean constitution was proclaimed in 1948.
_	But the day that Emeric walked out of his flat, leaving the key in the door to save the storm-troopers the trouble of breaking it down, was the worst day's work that the clever doctor ever did for his country's reputation, as he was soon to find out.
_	19 February is also the day that EastEnders was first broadcast.
_	Amato was directing the band's "The Wolves (Act I & II)" music video the day that Ledger died.
_	Suspect Line-up: Sima walked with a police officer down a line of suspects the day that Stavsky was arrested.
_	The drama starts in the castle at Peníscola, which has been converted into a Papish court (true for them, schismatic for Rome) on the day that Benedict XIII dies and the decimated cardenalici school decides to nominate a successor who is viewed in Rome as an antipope.
_	The concert series sold out three of its four locations on the day that tickets went on sale, selling out in under an hour in one city.
_	Within months, the liberation of Ethiopia was achieved, and on 5 May 1941, five years to the day that the Emperor fled his capital, Haile Selassie was restored to his throne.
_	Martin Audio was founded by Australian audio engineer David Martin in 1971 to manufacture and supply touring sound reinforcement systems for the supergroups of the day that included Pink Floyd and Supertramp.
_	This went on until the day that the Count and his troops marched by, on their way to fight in Hungary against the Turks.
_	The exhibit used photovoltaic solar panels to store electrical energy during the day that then lit the exhibit at night.
_	This was the day that the Union Navy began to contest the guns of Port Hudson for control of the Mississippi.
_	Thousand and thousands of polo fans look forward to the day that it will be played again,which is not faraway.
_	"I never thought I'd see the day that would happen.
_	As a result, this church celebrates "Christmas" (more properly called Theophany) on the day that is considered January 19 on the Gregorian calendar in use by the majority of the world.
_	On the day that Curtin died, Forde issued a brief statement announcing the death, and then in the afternoon moved a condolence motion at a brief sitting of parliament.
_	On the day that education secretary Mrs Fry (who somewhat resembles the then government minister Virginia Bottomley) arrives to speak at the school's Speech Day, she is kidnapped by the inner-city children and tells them, incorrectly, that she will announce that the scheme of sending inner-city children to Crabbe College was a pointless waste of time and that the school was outmoded anyway.
_	It was the norm of the day that children's books were primarily vehicles for morality lessons, and Moore felt they should be more than this; she stressed the importance of providing access to well written books for the young.
_	After visiting Libya in 1983, he was due to go to the Libyan People's Bureau in London on the day that WPC Yvonne Fletcher was shot in April 1984; his offer to help negotiate with the Libyans was declined by the police at the ensuing siege.
_	Abaye deduced from the words "And on the day that the tabernacle was reared up" in that the Israelites erected the Tabernacle only during the daytime, not at night, and thus that the building of the Temple could not take place at night.
_	In a 1986 documentary shown on BBC2 as part of the "Did You See...?" series, former presenter Peter Purves recalled that Biddy Baxter, the show's editor, had called him in floods of tears on the day that the first parrot Joey died.
_	The regatta ended on 1 September, the day that Nazi Germany invaded Poland, precipitating the United Kingdom's entry into the Second World War two days later.
_	I, the wily and attractive French POW Sergeant Dumaine is sequestered in a prison camp near the castle of a prideful Prussian nobleman and military general, Count Reichendorf, who lives for the day that his four sons will march triumphantly into Paris.
_	Witting had been ill around that time, and he died of acute leukemia on the day that Gianturco arrived in Urbana.
_	While researching the history of Route 66 for the 2006 Pixar motion picture "Cars", John Lasseter met Delgadillo, who told him how traffic through the town virtually disappeared on the day that nearby Interstate 40 opened.
_	He announced the cancellation of Transit City on the day that he took office.
_	Shortly before being signed by Uni Records, Elton John (then performing under his birth name, Reg Dwight) recorded a cover of it for a collection of top hits of the day that were released as discount LP "sound-alike" versions.
_	The producers and production crew of "King Kong" were told that Honopū Valley was uninhabited, but on the day that they arrived to start filming, they were shocked to find honeymooners on the beach.
_	MONUC stated later in the day that "the situation has returned to calm and voting operations are taking place normally throughout Equateur."
_	On the afternoon of November 22, 1963, the day that President John F. Kennedy was assassinated, Banister and one of his investigators, Jack Martin, were drinking together at the Katzenjammer Bar, located next door to 544 Camp Street in New Orleans.
_	This commenced in Athens on 12 October, the day that Athens was celebrating liberation, when a mixed gang of EDES and Chites killed the ELAS member Theodoros Tsilikas.
_	He hit his 16th and 17th home runs of the season on the day that the team clinched a berth in the NCAA Midwest Regional playoff.
_	In the town of Stamford in Lincolnshire, 13 November, St Brice's Day, was traditionally the day that a bull-running took place.
_	His behavior began to change on the day that he was assigned to review the personal and military history of an Air Force pilot who had broken away from his fighter jet's training formation.
_	On the day that an option expires—for U.S. exchange traded equity options this is the Saturday following the third Friday of the month—if an option's underlier is close to "pinning", the trader must pay close attention.
_	Oldham had flirted with impropriety since the day that he landed on American soil.
_	This was released to the press and printed on the day that Fox formally presented the final cheque to the Prince of Wales, completing his full under writing of the £45,000 construction cost of the new home for the Royal College of Music.
_	Both Vaux and Tresham have been suspected of being the author of an anonymous letter to William Parker, 4th Baron Monteagle, warning him to avoid Parliament on 5 November 1605, the day that the Gunpowder Plotters intended to blow it up.
_	"Venetia" later transferred foodstuffs to "Barnegat" via "Prometheus’s" motor sailer on 5 January, the day that the tug quit the dockyard to anchor in Great Sound.
_	"Ambrose Small’s Ghost" - On December 2, 1919, on the day that Canadian theater tycoon Ambrose Small received a check for one million dollars, he vanished in the streets of downtown Toronto, leaving his money behind safely deposited in a nearby bank.
_	On the day that she leaves, Vikram regains consciousness and asks for Sunita, but his mother tells him that Sunita is dead.
_	This was the day that Britain's Royal Navy destroyed the after it had sunk the Royal Navy's .
_	On the day that the tax was announced, share prices fell by 2.2%.
_	He was arraigned on March 14, 1661, the day that Leddra was executed.
_	As James Sundquist puts it, "The modern presidency, judged in terms of institutional responsibilities, began on June 10, 1921, the day that President Harding signed the Budget and Accounting Act."
_	On October 3, the day that Thomas arrived in Nashville, Stewart's corps captured Big Shanty (present-day Kennesaw) with its garrison of 175 men, and the following day Acworth, with an additional 250.
_	Their 2006 tour was a 47-location nationwide tour which sold out the day that the tickets became available.
_	This did not result in a partnership but Barber Greene did develop a machine based on the concrete pavers of the day that mixed and placed the concrete in a single process.
_	Lilli is an ordinary girl – or so she thinks until the day that she stumbles upon a magic book which turns her into a witch.
_	In January 2004, on the day that the pay-as-you-go system went live on all Oyster cards, some season ticket passengers were prevented from making a second journey on their travelcard.
_	The win came 36 years to the day that Pete Stemkowski scored a triple overtime winner at the Garden to beat the Chicago Blackhawks in 1971.
_	Angeline had secretly begun receiving Catholic education and was planning to surprise Connor by getting baptized on the day that Lulu would have turned a year old.
_	Making the initial leg of the voyage in company with the tug "Iroquois" and her tow, the freighter "Seguranca", the yacht arrived at the New York Navy Yard on 11 November 1918, the day that the armistice ended World War I.
_	Pamela blamed the counselors for his death because she was working the day that it happened.
_	On May 8, Orléans simultaneously celebrates the lifting of the siege and V-E Day (Victory in Europe, the day that Nazi Germany surrendered to the Allies to end World War II in Europe.)
_	We reached out to the Health Ministry the day that question was raised in Parliament.
_	Reportedly, 1,300 people joined the party on the day that it opened up membership, which costs £4 per month.
_	The trailer ends as the Doctor reveals the day that he's been running from: "The Day of the Doctor".
_	It starts on the day that the Jaradi couple received an urgent phone call notifying that their two and a half year old daughter, Hadia, died in a hospital in Paterson, N.J.
_	On June 23, 1919, Major General Major Ernst Põdder ordered his day-to-day command of the day that "the victories won over our stagnant and surrendered enemy, in cities and in the countryside, flags and armed units in the local garrisons were set up."
_	On the day that Rukhsana is to leave, she is sitting on the swing with her eyes closed.
_	Manchester United confirmed later in the day that a transfer fee had been agreed, but that the deal was still contingent on Mata agreeing personal terms and passing a medical.
_	On the day that Boseman left the legislature in January 2011, an openly gay man – Marcus Brandon (D–Greensboro) – was sworn into his first term in the North Carolina House of Representatives.
_	He does find the courage to go to Vera's once, but he has left it so late in the day that she is no longer there, and he decides not to try again.
_	Their relegation was ironically confirmed 12 years to the day that Wimbledon achieved their famous victory over Liverpool at Wembley.
_	On the day that Turner is expecting a response to his report, he is out shopping for staff lunches when armed men efficiently murder the six people still in the office.
_	However, 31 October was also the last allowable day for racers to start, and was the day that the last two competitors, Donald Crowhurst and Alex Carozzo, got under way.
_	He brings light to the day that lasts long after the sun has gone down."
_	Concerning the day that she heard about her mother's death, she said: "Apparently she had no friends and none of her neighbors were close, so nobody even noticed!
_	I still remember the day that I got this script.
_	Inch works for The Finkerton Detective Agency (a wordplay lampoon of The Pinkerton Detective Agency), where the boss (Mr. Finkerton) constantly dreams of the day that he will fire him.
_	The game against Barcelona is fondly remembered on the Brandywell terraces as the day that firm fan-favourite and club legend, Liam Coyle left the Catalan club's Carles Puyol "on his arse" as he utilised his trickery to beat the defender.
_	He became chief on the day that his grandfather died which was also the same day that James Graham, 1st Marquis of Montrose won his great victory at the Battle of Inverlochy, and Aeneas was with Montrose at that victory.
_	Page recorded the song for Mercury Records on the day that the musical opened on Broadway.
_	On the day that her husband was killed, General Robert E. Lee was given command of all the armies of the Confederacy.
_	We're in a situation where we have an excellent agency in Kaplan Thaler and at the end of the day that's the right thing to do."
_	Every year on Valentine's Day, the day that David died, Zanna writes a letter to David telling him all of the events that are going on in the house.
_	Jim (John Krasinski) deduces over the course of the day that Michael is leaving early and confronts him about it.
_	Bianco met Pipkin at a gig the day that Pipkin arrived in California from Texas.
_	The chair of an international observation mission, Lydie Nzengou, affirmed during the day that the turnout was much lower.
_	All the meat of the peace offering had to be eaten on the day that it was offered.
_	On the day that Robbie and Sami are due to leave, they are disappointed when some puppies were sold, but Carol surprises them with a dog.
_	between 28 April 1992, the day that a new interim Afghan government was supposed to replace the Republic of Afghanistan of President Mohammad Najibullah, and the Taliban's conquest of Kabul establishing the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan on 27 September 1996.
_	But in June 2012, on the day that the deal closed, the board fired Johnson and re-hired Rogers instead.
_	Nicolaas Maartin Vergunst (born 1 September 1958 in Cape Town) is the author of Knot of Stone: the day that changed South Africa's history.
_	Jones shot over 80 hours of footage for "I Am Trying to Break Your Heart" (named after the opening song of "Yankee Hotel Foxtrot") beginning on the day that Coomer was dismissed from the band.
_	To arrive at the correct date, instructs counting seven weeks from the day after the day of rest of Passover, the day that they brought the sheaf of barley for waving.
_	Liberty Fleet Day was first observed on 27 September 1941, the day that 14 merchant ships were launched in shipyards across the United States under the Emergency Shipbuilding program.
_	On the day that Kevin and Sally meet to finalise their divorce, Kevin wins £200,000 on a scratch card but keeps it secret.
_	Lavigne announced via Twitter that "Rock n Roll" would be digitally released on 30 July 2013, but later announced on the day that it had been pushed back and it would be released to coincide with the song's music video.
_	It owes its name to the day that marks the capture of Rome (20 September 1870), an event that was much celebrated by the Fascist Regime, during which time the building was originally designed.
_	Iraqi forces announced during the day that Abdullah al-Badrani (also known as Abu Ayoub al-Atar), one of the seniormost religious leaders of the group had been killed in an airstrike by the anti-ISIL coalition.
_	For instance, it is well-observed that realized volatility for stock prices rises significantly on the day that a company reports its earnings.
_	The next day, 2 October, was the day that British Empire forces officially entered Damascus.
_	However the government of the Prime Minister Hon. Laisenia Qarase had abolished the death sentence in the House of Representatives on the day that Speight was sentenced.
_	Both organizations worked on social issues of the day that affected Jews, and on the improvement of rabbinical life for their members.
_	The Day of Seven Billion, October 31, 2011, is the day that has been officially designated by the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) as the approximate day on which the total world population reached a population of seven billion people.
_	United States Air Force Colonel John Dorrian stated during the day that Iraqi forces were in control of 85–90% of east Mosul.
_	Aaron asked Moses whether he should eat consecrated food on the day that his sons died.
_	Some companies—such as Cisco Systems—end their fiscal year on the same day of the week each year, e.g. the day that is closest to a particular date (for example, the Friday closest to 31 December).
_	Sashti is the day that Lord Muruga defeated the demon Soorapadman.
_	It was reported that in July 2010, on the day that Nyanda axed Mohlala, she had reported tender irregularities worth ZAR70 million to the police for a fraud investigation and had reportedly called for disciplinary action against several senior civil servants.
_	"Sports" was in port at Danzig, Germany, on 22 June 1941, the day that Germany declared war on the Soviet Union.
_	On the day that the Singer sings the Song at the Gathering, Matt is nowhere to be found.
_	It was the day that we stayed in my home composing the first song of the disk, Julia.
_	By 7 May 1945, the day that German Chief-of-Staff General Alfred Jodl was negotiating surrender of all German forces at SHAEF, the German Armed Forces High Command (AFHC) had not heard from Schörner since 2 May 1945.
_	However, none of the jurors, not even Monk, know that 'Pat' is Escobar's girlfriend, and it is the day that Escobar will be transferred to federal custody.
_	The dates are 6 August, which marks the anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima in 1945, 13 December, marking the day that Raël in 1973 says he had his first personal encounter with one of the extraterrestrial Elohim, 7 October in which the Elohim, Raël says, took him up in a spacecraft in 1975 and the following day had meals with Jesus, Buddha, and other past religious figures and the first Sunday in April, which Raëlians believe is the date when dark-skinned extraterrestrials created Adam and Eve.
_	Minoru began his racing career impressively, by winning the five furlong Great Surrey Foal Stakes at Epsom, on 5 June, the day that Signorinetta won The Oaks.
_	On the day that the e-mail was posted to Yahoo!, Cerner's stock price fell by over 22% from a high market capitalization of US$1.5 billion.
_	Gangryong says he's dreamed of being strong since the day that he was born and can't help but want to fight opponents stronger than himself until he defeats them.
_	Sparring questions of faith, technology and politics against Cold War-era social conventions, Under God is a fictional parable based upon the day that President Eisenhower met UNIVAC, the world's first super-computer.
_	Miah works to earn a living while waiting for the day that his mother returns.
_	And the Lord God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat: but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.
_	On the day that Antonio must keep in Rome his speech to the voters, he signs his electoral suicide, since it reveals the voters to be a fraud and, moreover, insults everyone, provoking the ire of the people.
_	Test status, he led India to its first ever Test cricket win (and the only victory under his captaincy) in 1951–52 against England at Madras, winning by an innings and eight runs in a match that began on the day that King George VI died.
_	On 1 September 1939, the day that the UK and France declared war against Germany, "Clan Macwhirter" sailed unescorted from Majunga in Madagascar bound for Colombo in Ceylon.
_	From the day that he [the photographer] understands the philosophy of the product he sells and bends his efforts to that end alone, he will prosper."
_	A year to the day that "The Fascinating Widow" opened, Woods opened the Eltinge Theatre on New York's 42nd Street designed by noted theater architect Thomas W. Lamb.
_	It was also the day that the house he had purchased at Fluwelen Burgwal 18 in The Hague was to become the first American Embassy in the world.
_	The day the chapel was dedicated, June 14, was the eighty-first anniversary of the day that the first Mormon missionaries arrived in Denmark.
_	On the day that the last episode was taped, former U.S. Senator Howard Baker, who had appeared in one episode, called the series "the last iteration of our history and culture of a generation."
_	Mbeki said later in the day that the deal would be signed in Harare on 15 September in the presence of other African leaders; he did not explain the terms of the deal, saying that they would not be revealed until the deal was signed.
_	In fact, when Zoom enlists the aid of the original Professor Zoom to make Wally relive the loss of his beloved twins, Barry is already there, trying to stop his own Reverse Flash; Zoom apparently retrieved Eobard Thawne from the day that he attempted to kill Fiona Webb, with Barry following his nemesis.
_	Her son was at school the day that the New Warriors fought the supervillains Nitro, , , and Cobalt Man.
_	Abiola died in suspicious circumstances shortly after the death of General Abacha, on the day that he was due to be released, 7 July 1998.
_	The event was held 50 years to the day that President John F. Kennedy signed the Executive Order creating the Office of the Special Trade Representative - Oct. 11, 1962.
_	The AdBlock extension was created on December 8, 2009, which is the day that support for extensions was added to Google Chrome.
_	Since December 9 was rumored to be the day that the Hebei-Chahar Political Committee was to be established, the Students Union chose that day for the petition.
_	However, on the day that Monami is about to marry, a heartbroken Heisuke suspects that Monami never returned and that Naoko eventually abandoned her identity as Naoko in order for them both to move on in their lives.
_	Aye rears her four sons (Richard, Writsaert, Adelhaert and Renout in this version) in secret at Pierlepont until the day that Aymon tells her how he regrets the fact that they have no offspring.
_	But the day that Kaufmann and Outram climbed four peaks in one day marked the beginning not only of a successful professional partnership but also a strong, respectful friendship.
_	He issued this signal with the understanding that his captains would execute it in the context of signals given earlier in the day that the enemy's rear was the target of the attack.
_	Rivera's parents, Aurelia and Ernesto Rivera, are introduced on June 12, 2009, on the day that Rivera graduates from Llanview High as valedictorian.
_	On the day that the treaty went into force, the Nobel Prize Committee awarded Pauling the Nobel Peace Prize, describing him as "Linus Carl Pauling, who ever since 1946 has campaigned ceaselessly, not only against nuclear weapons tests, not only against the spread of these armaments, not only against their very use, but against all warfare as a means of solving international conflicts."
_	The "New York Times" noted the unusual nature of that upset the day that almost all incumbents won easy re-election.
_	"On or shortly before March 6, the day that Tom Brady met with independent investigator Ted Wells and his colleagues, Brady directed that the cell phone he had used for the prior four months be destroyed," the league statement read.
_	General manager Mike Rizzo said later in the day that tests showed Harper had "significant" bruising of the bones in his left knee but had avoided any ligament or tendon damage, meaning he was expected to be able to return later in the season.
_	On 7 July 2005, the day that there were a series of coordinated bomb blasts on London's public transport system, the BBC Online website recorded an all time bandwidth peak of 11 Gb/s at 12.00 on 7 July.
_	Based on these discoveries and conflicting stories, Captain Stege concluded by the end of the day that the evidence "tended to disprove explanations that Mrs. Wynekoop was a victim of an unknown marauder."
_	On the other hand, section 11(10) of the Immigration Ordinance provides that any permission given to a person to land or remain in Hong Kong shall, if in force on the day that person departs from Hong Kong, expire immediately after his departure.
_	"Entertainment Weekly"s Owen Gleiberman gave the film a "C-", criticizing the story as "sloppy" and "slipshod", saying, ""Daredevil" is the sort of half-assed, visually-lackadaisical potboiler that makes you rue the day that comic-book franchises ever took over Hollywood."
_	Frazier later recalled collapsing into bed from exhaustion in the early morning hours and not being able to remember any of the day that followed.
_	It opens "in the day that the God made the earth and the heavens", a set introduction similar to those found in Babylonian myths.
_	In a 2017 radio interview, Chabon spoke of Trump: “Every morning I wake up and in the seconds before I turn my phone on to see what the latest news is, I have this boundless sense of optimism and hope that this is the day that he’s going to have a massive stroke, and, you know, be carted out of the White House on a gurney."
_	Today is the day that Chinese writers have awaited for too long and that Chinese people have awaited for too long."
_	They both decide to get married in Haiti on January 12, 2010 - the day that the 2010 Haiti earthquake took place.
_	"Zeal is selected" for a fifer and fiddler for the grand appearance the day that Burgoyne's Famous Army is to be brought in.
_	In 1936, Jock and Miss Ellie married on the day that her family was to lose Southfork, and it was well known that Jock was the only man in Dallas with the money to save the ranch.
_	And since the day that he was born,
_	By chance, the philosopher Socrates, holding public office for the only time in his life, was "epistates" on the day that the generals were tried.
_	The final book in the "Paddington" series to be written by the creator himself was released on 27 June 2018 to mark the anniversary of the day that Michael Bond died and the 60th anniversary of "A Bear Called Paddington".
_	It was bought on the morn of the day that he was born,<br>
_	On October 15, 1966, the day that the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966 was enacted, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
_	This is also the day that the additional prayer for rain is added into the Amidah, and recited 3 times a day by Jews in Israel.
_	In the wake of the rush-release of "I Want to Hold Your Hand" in the United States, Vee-Jay reissued "Please Please Me" on or about 3 January 1964, the day that film footage of the Beatles appeared on a prime time episode of The Jack Paar Program on NBC Television.
_	The starting date is conventionally held to be 24 April 1915, the day that Ottoman authorities rounded up, arrested, and deported 235 to 270 Armenian intellectuals and community leaders from Constantinople to Ankara, the majority of whom were eventually murdered.
_	In his book "Minsky's Burlesque", Morton Minsky (with Milt Machlin) wrote, "As for April 20, 1925, the day that the raid on which the book was based took place, it was hardly epochal in the history of burlesque, but it did turn out to be a prelude to much greater troubles...
_	On 16 March 1901, the second batch of 535 settlers arrived - the day that they settled is now known as "New Foochow Resettlement Day".
_	On the day that his grandmother dies, Rajbeer gives Vrinda to Yug.
_	On the day that he completed the album, Osbourne emigrated to Toronto, Ontario, Canada, to join his family.
_	The Day of Seven Billion, October 31, 2011, is the day that has been officially designated by the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) as the approximate day on which the world's population reached seven billion people.
_	To arrive at the correct date, instructs counting seven weeks from the day after the day of rest of Passover, the day that they brought the sheaf of barley for waving.
_	Her feelings toward him gradually reciprocate and they finally kiss on Thanksgiving Day, the day that Val and Rick's wedding fell apart.
_	For instance the late Prince Rainier III chose 19 November, the day that celebrates St. Rainier.
_	The first soldiers suffering from Spanish influenza began reporting to the hospital on "Tahiti" on 26 August, the day that she left Freetown.
_	Knot of Stone: the day that changed South Africa’s history is a 2011 historical murder mystery written by South African/Dutch author Nicolaas Vergunst.
_	Many of the speeches involved Franco-American friendship and Rickenbacher had looked forward to the day that the two countries were linked by air.
_	On the day that the encirclement of Ladysmith was completed, reinforcements headed by General Sir Redevers Buller arrived in Cape Town en route to Natal.
_	"Thraki" left the convoy on 13 March at Belfast Lough, joining Convoy BB 268, which departed that day and arrived at Milford Haven on 15 March, the day that "Thraki" arrived at Avonmouth.
_	There are several conflicting accounts explaining what exactly happened the day that Ziyad Baroud resigned from his ministerial duties.
_	Kirkpatrick was guest of honour at a dinner held by the Argentine ambassador to the United States, on the day that the Argentine armed forces landed on the islands.
_	The stage names of the brothers (except Zeppo) were coined by monologist Art Fisher during a poker game in Galesburg, Illinois, based both on the brothers' personalities and Gus Mager's "Sherlocko the Monk", a popular comic strip of the day that included a supporting character named "Groucho".
_	It is believed that the Moreton Bay Fig tree was planted in 1848 to commemorate the roofing of the lodge, possibly following a Northern European custom of placing a small sapling on the roof on the day that the ridge is set in place.
_	The lesser charges were listing for hearing in the Local Court in May 2002, but the prosecution advised that it was unable to deal with certain matters put before the court and another hearing date was set for 18 June 2002 – the day that Moppett eventually died.
_	He had been wounded on November 8, the day that construction began at the camp.
_	On July 21, 2008 (the day that WOAP's STA extension was set to expire), local webcaster Mint City Radio launched WOAP Online, an internet-only radio station patterned after the old WOAP, but not associated with Michigan Catholic Radio.
_	Hanson took his time making a name for himself at Liverpool but eventually broke into the first team, it took him just 4 games to forever cement his name into Anfield folklore, he scored his first hat-trick, however, it was the opponents for the day that were the reason for his fame, they were derby rivals
_	However it is contested by fans of the day that the rooster was associated with the football club decades earlier.
_	On August 31 against Cal Poly, she set a new career high for kills in a single match with 31, which was exactly five years to the day that a Penn State player recorded 30 or more kills in a match.
_	On the day that Blair resigned as Prime Minister, he was appointed the official Special Envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East, an office which he held until May 2015.
_	Rabbi Johanan said in the name of Rabbi Shimon ben Yochai that showed that from the day that God created the world, no man praised God until Leah did upon the birth of Judah.
_	On the day that Adams announced the project, Swift responded enthusiastically from her Twitter account, saying "Cool I'm not gonna be able to sleep tonight or ever again and I'm going to celebrate today every year as a holiday."
_	The starting date is conventionally held to be 24 April 1915, the day that Ottoman authorities rounded up, arrested, and deported from Constantinople (now Istanbul) to the region of Ankara 235 to 270 Armenian intellectuals and community leaders, the majority of whom were eventually murdered.
_	Dana reflects on the day that Carrie told her that Brody was going to carry out an attack at the Vice President's summit, remarking that it all "adds up", and that it's the only thing that makes sense.
_	Lutheran Christians consider it a principal feast of Christ, and the Lutheran Confessor, Philip Melanchthon, wrote a hymn for the day that is still sung in Lutheran churches: "Lord God to Thee We Give".
_	Rabban Simeon ben Gamliel said in the name of Rabbi Joshua that from the day that the Temple was destroyed, there was no day without a curse, the dew had not descended for a blessing, and the flavor had departed from fruits.
_	On the day that Pearl Harbor was bombed, the building was taken over by the Alien Property Custodian, the first floor became a warehouse for confiscated possessions, and extra showers, toilets, and holding cells were installed in the basement to accommodate up to 250 drunken military personnel.
_	On the day that Alexander was born, his father Philip was preparing a siege on the city of Potidea on the peninsula of Chalcidice.
_	Project leader Steve Cramp said on the day that "It’s been an emotional time for us all, everybody has worked so hard over the last six years to bring this vision to reality and it’s so nice to actually see a steam train get back up to Mountsorrel."
_	They are thrilled to find one of the guests is Agatha Christie, and the Doctor realises that they have arrived on the day that she will inexplicably disappear for ten days.
_	On 8 May 1945, the day that the Nazi capitulated to the Allies, Giesler and his wife committed suicide, fearing capture by American troops as they fled Berchtesgaden.
_	Saint Patapios’ memory is celebrated on 8 December (main celebration) and also at the Tuesday 2 days after the Sunday of Easter (in memory of the day that his relic was discovered).
_	The tour was closed on Mondays, as this was the day that the set was used for filming at the time.
_	The situation in the area was tense on the day that the results were released, and there was a sizeable presence of police forces in place.
_	On the day that Higginbotham entered Antioch, one other black student was also admitted, Coretta Scott, who would later become Coretta Scott King after marrying Martin Luther King Jr. At Antioch, Higginbotham served as the head of the college chapter of the NAACP.
_	The battalion crossed the border into Austria on 1 May, and linked up with Soviet Army troops on 8 May, the day that the German surrender was announced.
_	The name of the event 311 came from 11 March, the day that the earthquake occurred.
_	Students come to Safe Passage for the half of the day that they are not in school.
_	Lorne Michaels said he wanted Fallon to be the new host dating back to the day that Fallon left "Saturday Night Live" in 2004, which occurred only a few months before O'Brien's departure was announced.
_	"It's about making sure I have tons of good music, because at the end of the day that's the most important thing...
_	On the day that Bronwyn gives birth to their child, Ivor is killed in a mine accident.
_	In your own way you've told me that I have a chance of part of me living beyond the day that I leave this earth.
_	The singer passed away on the day that "Sings Lady Day" was officially released and she sounds in surprisingly good form throughout this set, finishing off her career on top".
_	Jay Zeamer Jr.'s crew on Old 666 on the day that both he and Zeamer earned the Medal of Honor.
_	She died in her sleep on July 9, the day that would have been her parents' 84th wedding anniversary.
_	Title chosen by Sergio Ramirez for the chapter of his book ""Adios Muchachos"" dedicated to the memory of the events the day that shook the entire City of Leon, specially, and the rest of the country.
_	Shearer, whose five goals made him the top scorer in Euro 96, had supported Newcastle since childhood – he had been a ball-boy at St James' Park on the day that Keegan had left in a helicopter after his final Newcastle appearance as a player.
_	Rabbi Levi taught that God gave the section of the Torah dealing with the drinking of wine by priests, in on the day that the Israelites set up the Tabernacle.
_	Every Wednesday and Friday are days of fasting because Wednesday is the day that the Lord was condemned and Friday is the day he was crucified (the Wednesdays and Fridays between Easter Sunday and Pentecost Sunday are an exception as well as when Christmas or Epiphany fall on a Wednesday or a Friday).
_	And the Baraita deduced exhortation to obedience for all time from the use of the word "command" in which says, "even all that the Lord has commanded you by the hand of Moses, from the day that the Lord gave the commandment, and onward throughout your generations."
_	Bianca and Alfredo victoriously cleared their tarnished names and reclaimed their inheritance on the day that they met with the King of Italy.
_	It was also eventually learned that a high-ranking Saudi prince had been at the White House on the day that the Iraq war began, and Bush administration officials told the prince to alert his government that the initial phase of the war had begun, hours before missiles first landed in Baghdad.
_	The story picks up eighteen years after the events of "Operation: Mindcrime", starting on the day that Nikki is released from prison.
_	It was attacked by Benito Mussolini’s fascist forces on the day that Adolf Hitler entered Paris – fighting ensued for three days, but was cut short by the fall of France.
_	Ross told television viewers that Lewis had told him earlier in the day that he was motivated to play well after receiving criticism from the Sydney media for both his selection in the Australian team and his supposedly lacklustre form in the tests against France.
_	At the 1972 US Olympic Trials, an opponent was quoted as saying "I will retire the day that I lose to someone like Brian Oldfield."
_	While on vacation in Washington, D.C. on January 20, 1985 (the day that President Ronald Reagan was sworn-in for his second term) Latta gained access to the White House by following the 33 members of the Marine Band past security.
_	It is the national flower of Trinidad and Tobago because it blooms on 31 August, which coincides with the day that Trinidad and Tobago became independent from the United Kingdom.
_	On 1 March 2003 it was promoted with his first play "Vagina Monologue" which is also the day that "ODA" celebrates its birthday.
_	Keith told "Country Weekly" magazine that he was criticized by "blogger terrorists" the day that the video was released, adding, "But they really can't get a fire started in the direction they want to go because the video makes fun of "everybody.""
_	The station shutdown its analog signal at 11:59 p.m. on February 17, 4 months before the day that all television stations in the U.S. transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate on June 12, 2009.
_	Proclamation Day also refers to 21 October 1890, the day that Western Australia achieved self-government, with its own constitution and self-elected parliament.
_	is a former officer in Nazi Germany with the rank of Colonel, he escaped from the Allied advance to Berlin and settled as a corporate official in Egypt, waiting for the day that he would be able to oust the current German government and prop up a fascist regime.
_	<br> MURPHY: If, Doctor, you assume that these microfilms were previously in his house and he moved them from room to room, and that the day that he put them in the pumpkin was the day that he was going to leave his farm, and assume further that there were different people in and about the farm looking for things, wouldn't you say, Doctor, that that was a pretty good hiding place?
_	This was also the day that a bus of Japanese tourists turned up at Fáilte Towers.
_	On 12 January, the day that Navy aircraft sank 127,000 tons of merchant and naval shipping in the Indochina area, "Wilkes-Barre" and her sister ships in CruDiv 17 were detached from Task Group (TG) 38.2 and became TG 34.5 which was set up to deal with enemy warships reported off Cam Ranh Bay, French Indochina.
_	On May 17, 1954, Jackson went to the Court from the hospital, so that he could be there the day that the "Brown" decision was handed down.
_	After the chorus, Timbaland raps about his successes as a producer and songwriter while making disparaging remarks towards an unnamed producer, most notable in the lines "I get a half a mil' for my beats, you get a couple gra-an-and/Never gon' see the day that I ain't got the upper hand/I'm respected from Californ-I-A, way down to Japan" and "I'm a real producer and you just a piano man/Your songs don't top the charts, I heard 'em, I'm not a fa-an-an".
_	On 16 March 1978, Aldo Moro, President of the Christian Democratic Party, was kidnapped by the Red Brigades, an ultra-left terrorist group, on the day that the new government was going to be sworn in before parliament.
_	During the early 1940s, Cranmore was one of the first ski areas to take an interest in developing trail grooming technology, due to its west-facing exposure, which melted snow during the day that subsequently refroze into ice overnight.
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of which was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	I knew Harry Truman and Dean Acheson had lost their effectiveness from the day that the Communists took over in China.
_	The incident became known as the Double Tenth, for 10 October, the day that Japanese secret police began the mass arrests.
_	On the day that Governor Harriman's visiting entourage were seated for lunch in the Hotel's dining room, it turned out that Margaret was the "waitress" assigned to their table.
_	According to his brother Chemish, Amaron wrote his section in the day that he delivered the plates to Chemish.
_	On 21 April—the day that the Olympic torch was lit—a section of the Tim Maia bike path, crossing the Oscar Niemeyer Avenue in São Conrado neighborhood and a part of the legacy of the Games, was hit by a giant wave and collapsed, causing the death of two pedestrians and injuries to three more.
_	Davis also mentioned other incidents of the day that may have influenced the reaction, including a Washington, D.C. metro stop being shut down due to a suspected package, and fumes emanating from a package at a post office in New York City, resulting in four people being treated there.
_	One of those songs is Journey's "Don't Stop Believin', which was filmed on February 24, 2014, the day that the 100th episode was celebrated on set.
_	Guerrero's death fell on the day that he had been scheduled to compete in a match for the World Heavyweight Championship versus Batista and Randy Orton.
_	The strike was the first time that Scargill gained attention beyond his activities at Woolley Colliery, where he had previously organised a local strike in spring 1960 over the day that union meetings were held.
_	On the day that the law took effect, protests were staged around the nation.
_	It appeared for much of the day that Damiano Cunego would lose over a minute to the race's overall favorites after he missed a selection early on and rode much of the stage behind them.
_	On the day that the theatre group was founded, the play "Discopigs" was performed in Reykjavík.
_	The Islamic New Year, also known as Arabic New Year or Hijri New Year ( "") is the day that marks the beginning of a new Islamic calendar year, and is the day on which the year count is incremented.
_	On 22 July 2014, the day that the KPU was due to announce its official tally, Prabowo withdrew from the recapitulation process after having insisted on his victory since the initial quick counts were released.
_	The jar of meal will not be emptied and the jug of oil will not fail until the day that the Lord sends rain on the earth."
_	Roy describes a series of different "times" throughout the day that signal very short breaks and that acted as markers throughout the monotonous workday.
_	The former had departed the band to pursue her studies, while the latter left in order to care for her then-boyfriend, the band's former bassist Brice Hickey, who had injured himself on the day that recording was set to begin.
_	Caitlin used to play soccer and she associates the sport with her mom because the last time Caitlin played soccer with her best friend was the day that her mom died.
_	On the day that Evan is sentenced to hang, Keith begs his brother to remain silent and let the condemned man die.
_	The Sydney show was marked by constant rain throughout the day that transformed the venue, Eastern Creek Raceway, into a mudbowl and several bands were pelted with mud by the audience.
_	While researching the history of Route 66, Lasseter met Seligman barber Angel Delgadillo, who told him how traffic through the town virtually disappeared on the day that nearby Interstate 40 opened.
_	It was not clear to the scientific community of the day that glaciers flowed, and when Franz Josef Hugi demonstrated that a large boulder on the Unteraargletscher had moved 1315 m between 1827 and 1836, sceptics argued that the boulder might have slid down the glacier.
_	On the day that John Lennon is shot and killed, Angel Archer visits the houseboat of Edgar Barefoot, (a guru based on Alan Watts), and reflects on the lives of her deceased relatives.
_	There were two lanes of traffic in both directions on the bridge by October 15, 2007, the day that three of the four "direct connect" ramps between Interstate 180 and the bridge officially opened.
_	In the documentary "Air India 182" Mandip Singh Grewal, the son of Air India 182 victim Dajlit Singh Grewal, stated that he and his family met Johal at Vancouver International Airport on the day that his father departed for the flight connecting to Air India 182.
_	Koechlin recalled the day that the crew shot at a truck depot in Mauripur in an interview with Rajeev Masand: "people talked very openly [and there] was no animosity.
_	The final movement "From Hanover Square North, At the End of a Tragic Day, The Voice of the People Again Arose", recalls Ives' experience of the 7th May 1915, the day that the news broke of the sinking of the "RMS Lusitania", preceding the United States' entry into the First World War.
_	The bombing attempt came on the day that Sinn Féin announced its participation in Northern Ireland elections in May on a "peace forum".
_	Simpson's third studio album, "In This Skin" (2003), was released the day that "Newlyweds: Nick and Jessica" premiered, with the show serving as a promotional tool for the record.
_	Barry returns briefly in February 1989 on the day that Colin leaves Walford.
_	On her third voyage from Britain "Dominion Monarch" was "en route" from Fremantle to Melbourne on 3 September 1939, the day that France and Britain declared war on Germany.
_	On 28 September 2010, the Pre-Trial Chamber complied with the request and issued a sealed warrant of arrest which was unsealed on 11 October 2010, the day that French authorities arrested Mbarushimana.
_	All of this was accomplished with equipment and materials that were begged, borrowed, or second-hand, and everything was completed finally on the day that the first production opened: "Yellow Sands" on Saturday, 1 October 1949.
_	Once Sasuke arrives, Orochimaru decides to train him instead until the day that he will be able to take the body for himself.
_	Switzer's next flight arrived in Paris nearly nine hours late on the day that the Hope Diamond was supposed to go on exhibition.
_	At first Nathan told David to do what was in his heart, but that same night God directed Nathan to tell David not to build God a house, for God had not dwelt in a house since the day that God had brought the children of Israel out of Egypt, but had abided in a tent and in a tabernacle.
_	A Baraita further compared the day that the Israelites dedicated the Tabernacle with the day that God created the universe.
_	When, on the day that Opimius had planned to repeal the laws of Gaius Gracchus, one of his attendants was slain in a scuffle between the opposing camps, this gave the consul the pretext to act.
_	On the day that Kildare begins his new job, young Red enters the dispensary and confidentially asks the intern to help an injured friend, Nick Lewett.
_	He worked with McCartney to implement the orchestral climax in "A Day in the Life", and he and McCartney shared conducting duties the day that it was recorded.
_	Rabbi Levi taught that God gave on the day that the Israelites set up the Tabernacle.
_	In Croatia, 5 August—the day that the HV captured Knin—was chosen as Victory and Homeland Thanksgiving Day and the Day of Croatian Defenders, the Croatian public holiday when Operation Storm is officially celebrated.
_	It was an emergency measure passed in anticipation of war with Germany, and received royal assent on the day that Germany invaded Poland, beginning the Second World War.
_	However, he resigned on 30 May 1913, the day that the Treaty of London was signed to end the War, as he opposed the Tsar's policy of making war on the Balkan League allies.
_	Neall then created controversy with his abrupt resignation on the day that he delivered his report.
_	Although initially pre-recorded and broadcast from a BBC studio, his first live broadcast from his home in Perthshire was on 31 August 1997, this was the day that Diana, Princess of Wales, died and Carrington agreed that it would be inappropriate to use the pre-recorded show on that day.
_	The show was changed so late in the day that the apron and posters in the arena advertised that the show was a Triplemanía show.
_	As the story progresses, Selina is led to a bit of burglary, and she dons a catsuit costume that her now former pimp gave to her the day that she told him she was out of the business.
_	On the day that María turns 15, her godmother dies, who on her deathbed, asks Father Honorio to find a place where her goddaughter can work and live.
_	The publication explains about each of the occasions included, the day that they are celebrated and a puzzle, game or craft to accompany it.
_	After changing its name to Green Day, the band recorded its debut album "39/Smooth" over the 1989 Christmas holiday break and went on its first van tour in June 1990, leaving the day that Dirnt graduated from high school.
_	Roger Severino, director of HHS Office of Civil Rights, in 2018 on the day that the creation of the Conscience and Religious Freedom division was announced, was asked by a journalist whether "someone who is transgender would be denied health care" under the laws in question.
_	There were several preliminary-round shows during the day that culminated in a "finals" show in the evening where one of the winners of the previous rounds that day was selected as the overall winner.
_	For example, in the BBC television series "Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads?", the character Terry remarks that 14 June 1970, the day that England lost 3–2 to West Germany, should be "indelibly printed on every true Englishman's mind".
_	The official story of the group, including Fadeyev's book, has been questioned almost from the day that Krasnodon was liberated.
_	The date was chosen because it was the day that the bill by petition (with some 20,000 signatures) was voted on in the City Council of Florianópolis.
_	The Central government declared CPI (Maoist) as a banned militant group in India keeping in mind the growing unlawful activities by the group, while Government of West Bengal said earlier in the day that it was against banning the CPI (Maoist) and will counter such outfits politically.
_	In addition to honoring the seniors, the day is traditionally the day that members of the Huskies of Honor are announced.
_	But the day that George was Johnsoned
_	With its across-the-board ratings success in hand, the station has been known to run quick five-second promos throughout the day that feature the slogan, "ABC7 – #1 in news, #1 in Southern California."
_	British Railways closed the station's signal box in 1966, on the day that it commissioned the then-new signal box at Ash Crossing.
_	Mary Bonham-Christie died in 1961, aged 96 years, on the day that her family had arranged for her to be moved to a nursing home off the island.
_	This suggests that fluorescent cells may have color changes throughout the day that coincide with their circadian rhythm.
_	The traditional application of the Christian Sabbath to Sunday is based on the claim that the Sabbath was moved to the Lord's Day, the day that Jesus rose from the dead.
_	Teen actress Morgan Carter (Joanna "JoJo" Levesque) is a Hollywood princess, until the day that her hard-partying ways get the best of her.
_	The Jews believed that the day that the Aleppo Codex gets removed from Aleppo is the day that their community will be destroyed.
_	After 32 years of marriage, Willy Brandt and Rut Hansen Brand divorced in 1980, and from the day that they were divorced they never saw each other again.
_	As an interesting note, Gary Sinise won the award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or Movie for his portrayal of George Wallace on the day that the latter died.
_	On April 29, 2011, the day that the letter was distributed, Wheaton College President Philip Ryken responded to the letter by sending an internal email to the students, faculty, and staff of the college.
_	“On the day that the sinner bites his hands, saying, would that I had chosen a path with the apostle.”
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of which was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	Commenting upon the command to love the neighbor (Lev. l.c.) is a discussion recorded between Rabbi Akiva, who declared this verse in Leviticus to contain the great principle of the Law ("Kelal gadol ba-Torah"), and Ben Azzai, who pointed to Gen. v. 1 ("This is the book of the generations of Adam; in the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made he him"), as the verse expressing the leading principle of the Law, obviously because the first verse gives to the term "neighbor" its unmistakable meaning as including all men as being sons of Adam, made in the image of God.
_	He identified the day that the bill passed the Senate as a "game changer".
_	Songs on the album include the title track "Light at the End," as well as new song "Troublesome" and the previously unreleased fan favorite "Rock Like War", both of which were premiered on WCYY the day that the band announced their first patio show since their breakup.
_	In 1995, on the day that sexual orientation was held to be protected under s. 15 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms by the Supreme Court of Canada in the "Egan v Canada" case, Lee celebrated the decision by kissing a woman on the air.
_	The American Federation of Labor, meeting in St Louis in December 1888, set 1 May 1890 as the day that American workers should work no more than eight hours.
_	On April 5, 1945, the day that the ANPI was recognized as a charitable foundation, the association represented all the Italian partisans and was managed by a council where the different brigades that fought in the war were present (, Ferruccio Parri’s , , Mazzini Society, independent groups and Catholic partisans groups.
_	On 5 October 2003 (the day that episode 32 aired) the show used .
_	The letter itself was so finely tuned to the political dynamics of the day that though the printer was arrested, the court censor writes that "I can fasten nothing on "The Poor Whore's Petition" that a jury will take notice of."
_	However, the erroneous signal from earlier in the day that reported the German fleet still in port, and an intelligence signal received at 22:45 giving another unlikely position for the German fleet, had reduced his confidence in intelligence reports.
_	On December 29, 2016, the day that President Obama announced sanctions against Russia, Flynn discussed the sanctions with Kislyak, urging that Russia not retaliate.
_	The street in which it is situated is named for a pilot, Squadron Leader (1919–1944), who flew with the wartime RAF until killed in action, the day that Paris was liberated.
_	The man described "the day that Indian army soldiers visited his family.
_	Using legislation that had been enacted in 1871, the REC took control of the national rail network on 4 August 1914, the day that war was declared and mobilisation began.
_	According to the legend, the priests will appear again on the day that Constantinople returns to Christian hands.
_	Finally on March 5, 1933, the day that the Nazis obtained a parliamentary plurality, Vanderbilt was able to secure what would be the closest he would get to an interview with Hitler.
_	In the second segment, Bugs is interacting with Benjamin Franklin on the day that Franklin discovered electricity.
_	The Governor-General advised him to seek a vote of confidence in parliament rather than resign, and on the day that this vote began Banda secured the dismissal of three cabinet ministers: three others resigned in solidarity.
_	Additionally, when interviewed, some local participants were asserting that they were celebrating the day that black slaves had off for leisure.
_	The next year, Mast won his first career Cup pole at the final race of the 1992 season, the 1992 Hooters 500, which was Richard Petty's final race, Jeff Gordon's first race, and the day that Alan Kulwicki won the championship by one race position over Bill Elliott.
_	Vedder later said that "the day that we found out about Kurt...I was just spinning.
_	On the day that "The Old Southern Corn Revue" is to open, Blossom is stunned by the arrival of Melanie Walker (Sheila Ryan), a snobbish, rich woman, who Rocky is forced to admit is his fiancé.
_	It will be clash of two Goan outfit in the opening match as Vasco SC will take on their city rival Sesa Football Academy that will kick off at 1400 hrs, while HAL will host Malabar United in the second encounter of the day that will start at 1600 hrs.
_	However, on the day that Yuki received her nursing school exam results, she discovered that her boyfriend had died in an accident.
_	There is so much food for the day that not even half of it would be eaten.
_	That was the day that Park went to the rescue of a Sopwith Camel being attacked by three German Albatros D.IIIs.
_	Kitazawa felt that a lot of emphasis had to be put onto the band's visual look, as this would have formed the entire basis of the video if Mount Fuji had been particularly foggy on the day that the band shot the video.
_	Bede recounts that earlier on the day that Eanflæd was born, an assassin sent by Cwichelm of Wessex made an attempt on Edwin's life.
_	One of the reasons labour day never got established as a national holiday might have been the fact that the day that used to immediately precede it, Queen's Day (now King's Day at 27 April), was already a public holiday in its own right.
_	On the day that McCartney composed "Early Days", he had been reminiscing about his past in Liverpool with John Lennon: "I started to get images of us in the record shop listening to early rock and roll and looking at the posters and the joy that that gave me remembering all those moments."
_	Macready informed General Sir Henry Wilson on the day that sentence was pronounced "of the three men who were killed by him (Barry) and his friends two were 19 and one 20 — official age so probably they were younger... so if you want propaganda there you are."
_	"My last day will be the day that this game goes into final test.
_	9 Now I, Chemish, write what few things I write, in the same book with my brother; for behold, I saw the last which he wrote, that he wrote it with his own hand; and he wrote it in the day that he delivered them unto me.
_	On the day that Dante had told Cappi the computer records would be wiped out, Pinky's wife dies from her gunshot wound.
_	On January 20, 2009, the day that Barack Obama was sworn into office, the city of Obama celebrated the inauguration with women dancing the hula at the Hagaji Temple.
_	He returned to England in January 1559 in the company of his friend Edwin Sandys, on the day that Elizabeth I was crowned.
_	On December 4, 2009, the day that 22-year-old Washingtonian Amanda Knox was found guilty by an Italian court of the murder of Meredith Kercher, Cantwell released a statement expressing her dismay at the verdict, saying that she had "serious questions about the Italian justice system and whether anti-Americanism tainted [the] trial."
_	This was contrary to conventional thought of the day that insisted that a leader must choose between "guns and butter."
_	In October 2012, Mendte co-anchored with Kaity Tong the day that Hurricane Sandy pounded the New York City area.
_	On the day that the last necessary part for Hiro is to be delivered, Spencer discovers Percy's mail trucks, only to be cornered by Thomas, James (voiced by UK: Keith Wickham/US: Kerry Shale) and Toby (voiced by UK: Ben Small/US: William Hope).
_	This adorable little blonde girl showed up out of the blue the day that Zero appeared, innocently asking Katana what he was going to call ‘him’.
_	As such, game progression is daily, in which there are preset interactions in the early morning and late at night, with a block of time in the middle of the day that grants
_	Spenser is counting down the hours in the day that will lead to the rest of his life.
_	Lasse Virén idolized Nurmi and was scheduled to meet him for the first time on the day that Nurmi died.
_	He hosted the show on the day that John Peel died (25 October 2004).
_	On 14 February 1942, the day that civil governance of Papua ceased, Fr. Glover joined the New Guinea Volunteer Rifles at Wau and was given the rank of Warrant Officer II by the NGVR Commanding Officer Major W.M. Edwards.
_	Rockefeller said, "It was the day that determined my career."
_	The album was finished a year to the day that the band arrived at the Santa Monica Beach House.
_	He completed his training as a fighter pilot and was posted to sail to France on 11 November 1918, the day that the Armistice with Germany became effective.
_	Although he is not suffering from amnesia, Alan cannot seem to remember what exactly happened the day that he drowned.
_	Ironically, this came 12 years to the day that Wimbledon achieved their famous FA Cup triumph over Liverpool.
_	Note that the official world record on the 5,000 m on the day that Parkkinen skated his personal record on that distance was Hjalmar Andersen's time of 8:07.3.
_	A certain Albertus, leading a group of pilgrims in the region of Todi, Umbria, reportedly confirmed having seen, on the day that Pope Leo IX died, a phenomenon described as
_	After the walls had been seriously damaged by the twelve great guns and other traditional artillery of the English siege train, Henry planned a general assault one month to the day that the town had been enveloped.
_	Clegg committed suicide in 1979, on the day that he reached the precise age at which Beebe had died.
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of which was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	This caused a political scandal, with then-president Putin (who was participating in commemorations for the anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz on the day that the petition was issued) expressing shame over the petition's content and the Union of Councils for Soviet Jews issuing a statement roundly criticising the petition and its signers.
_	Their lives were discrupted when they found out that there was a case of baby switching in the hospital on the day that Jenny was born.
_	While April 22 is the actual day of her birth, Smyth habitually stated it was April 23, the day that was celebrated by her family, as they enjoyed the coincidence with William Shakespeare's.
_	An article published in the Washington Post on September 23, 1906, quotes the superintendent of the Working Boys Home, Mrs. Stuart, as she describes the day that became a turning point in the young man's life:
_	The Comoros experienced its twentieth coup attempt since independence on the day that the trial began.
_	On the day that Sanchez confessed to the murders of Yalem, Mazur, and Diver, the Hamburg, New York attack survivor (who desired to remain anonymous) expressed surprise and relief.
_	On the day that the first High Commissioner, Herbert Samuel, signed for 'one Palestine, complete' there were no formally recognized borders.
_	Miguel and Carolina try to survive the masked killer, and Carolina works to uncover what really happened the day that Angel died.
_	It was the 13th music video to be played on the day that MTV debuted in 1981.
_	With defence cuts and the disbanding of historic squadrons the "double number plating" of squadrons was a means of preserving the histories and lineages of such squadrons against the day that they could be revived.
_	Detectives determined that Robic and Khayat had been drinking in Tel Aviv and Ramat Gan, and left a bar at around 6 A.M. on the day that Zeitouni was killed.
_	Hergé devoted little time to the series, typically only starting work on each strip on the morning of the day that the page were being typset, proceeding to rush to finish them within one or two hours.
_	All goes well until the day that Béatrice Flamand, a tax inspector, shows up at his clinic, at which point Lestrade is now in trouble.
_	On October 10, 1925, Bucknell played George Washington at home on the day that Christy Mathewson was buried in Lewisburg.
_	On the day that al-Muntasir was given the oath of allegiance ("bay'ah"), the Maghariba were employed as riot troops against residents in the capital who opposed the new caliph.
_	On the day that Dic is to be hanged in Cardiff, large crowds come to witness the execution, most believing him to be innocent.
_	Bar Kappara reinterpreted the words of to say, "ask "not" of the days past, which were before you, since the day that God created man upon the earth," teaching that one may speculate from the day that days were created, but one should not speculate on what was before that.
_	The Rabbis reasoned that the words "since the day that God created man upon the earth" in taught that one must not inquire concerning the time before creation.
_	Lincoln sent Lamon to Richmond, Virginia, on Reconstruction business a few days before April 14, 1865, the day that John Wilkes Booth assassinated the President.
_	She stated that March 2, 1965–the day that the North Carolina General Assembly voted to make Charlotte College the fourth member of the UNC system–"the happiest day of my life."
_	The asteroid was discovered on 7 January 2000, the day that the "Blue Peter" time capsules from 1971 and 1984 were unearthed.
_	A class of four ships had been authorised, the first being laid down on 31 May – the day that Jutland was fought.
_	Her oldest son turned six on the day that she won Olympic Gold.
_	Between September 29, the day that Bank of America announced its (now defunct) monthly fee for debit card transactions, and November 2, credit unions received $4.5 billion in funds and 440,000 new customers, which equated to a 50% increase in new accounts.
_	The first edition of "Het Journaal" was broadcast on 31 October 1953, the day that Flemish television began.
_	In late 2006, Eleni surprised a grown Marina with a visit on the day that Marina was to become the youngest detective in Springfield PD history.
_	The team reluctantly enters their canisters, ready for the day that they must awaken.
_	The massacre occurred over a period of three weeks starting on October 1920, the day that "Hunchun Incident" after the Battle of Qingshanli.
_	The Novo-Ecijano troops, now over 600 strong, reached San Fernando, on July 22, the day that Dagupan surrendered to Gen. Makabulos.
_	On April 5, 1993, the day that the Marlins played their first-ever regular-season game, the Marlins retired the number 5 in Barger's memory, as his favorite player was Joe DiMaggio (who wore number 5 in his career).
_	After King Yeongjo's death and on the day that Jeongjo became the King of Joseon, he sat on his throne in the throne room and looked at everyone and said, "I am the son of the late Crown Prince Sado..."
_	Accordingly on the day that Imor went with a party of his friends to take her home, he [his Munster rival], having collected a body of the men of Slieve Bloom, attacked him on the way after he had cross (the Shannon), and made a desperate effort to carry off the bride.
_	On the day that the Axis invaded Yugoslavia, Hitler issued instructions for the dismemberment of the country, entitled the "Temporary Guidelines for Division of Yugoslavia".
_	On the day that Harold Wilson resigned in 1970, she invited Heath to view the cricket pitches, which was reciprocated by a visit to No.10.
_	Rowley shot down an observation balloon and two enemy aircraft in March 1918, and finally on 1 April, the day that the Royal Naval Air Service was merged with the Army's Royal Flying Corps to form the Royal Air Force, gained his ninth and final victory.
_	After protests were held the day that Luis Muñoz Rivera swore in as prime minister of the new autonomic arrangement between Puerto Rico and Spain (February 11, 1898), the government and working class organizations were at odds.
_	It offers fragments of the dinnertime conversation on the day that a local boy, and acquaintance of the narrator, jumped to his death from a nearby bridge, the account interspersed between everyday, polite conversation.
_	National Security Advisor John Bolton removed the National Security Council’s health security chief on the day that the Ebola outbreak was declared, shutting down the entire epidemic prevention office.
_	The girls' hockey team won the Kate Russell all-Ireland hockey trophy on the day that John McCall died.
_	Throughout the novel the number 7 appears—branded on the horse which is encountered in many of the chapters, and often as time: Laruelle's Day of the Dead, in the first chapter, ends at 7 PM; Yvonne returns to the Consul at 7 AM and the day that takes up chapters 2 through 12 ends at 7 PM; at the novel's close, the clock strikes seven times and a cock appears to confirm the Indian belief that "a clock crowing seven times announces death", while the clock also announces the opening of the seventh seal.
_	On the day that the tax was announced, share prices fell by 2.2%.
_	On the day that a baby is born to Audry, her husband Harvey Stanwood returns home, and Blossom recognizes in him her former husband Park.
_	Big Mattie burst on to the national scene in 1956 when forming the midfield partnership with Frank Evers which provided the possession lifeline for the side which powered their way to a 2–13 to 3–7 All-Ireland final victory over Cork on the day that Seán Purcell & Frank Stockwell ran riot, Stockwell setting a scoring record of 2–05 from play.
_	Eve is historically the day that the tree is decorated and lit with real candles, so that the Christkindl may visit.
_	On the day that O'Malley was born, his father, Donogh O'Malley, an engineer, was elected to Dáil Éireann for the first time.
_	On the day that the episode first aired, it was the second most watched show of the night, behind only CBS's .
_	He had been married on the day that his regiment set sail for France.
_	The station was opened by the Oxford, Worcester and Wolverhampton Railway (OWW) on 4 June 1853, the day that the southern section of the OWW's main line, that between and Wolvercot Junction (just north of ), was opened.
_	Ironically, the day on which she decided to tell him the news was the day that he suffered his fatal heart attack, with Elizabeth watching him approach Graeme Park through a window of the mansion.
_	The story, in large part, takes place in Gotham City on the day that the Anti-Life Equation is unleashed in "Final Crisis #3".
_	But when the press started, when I would go out on the - on the tour and do my appearances, and people would come up and say they never thought they'd see the day that it would happen; when people would want to shake my hand, and you'd see tears in their eyes, and they'd say, I never thought I'd see it in my lifetime - that's when, you know, it was definitely a very special honor."
_	Later, Porthios, Laurana's brother, presented it to Tanis on the day that Laurana and Tanis were married.
_	In the early days of the bar, the workers would have so many bottle caps from all the bottled beer that was served throughout the day that they started putting them up and down the alley.
_	Pūjā is also the day that the Buddha announced he would die in three months.
_	The first day of the Holy Week is also the day that more brotherhoods process, nine brotherhoods take the street from different neighborhoods of the city.
_	Tewksbury was invited by the government of France to speak at the United Nations in New York City on the day that a declaration was introduced that affirms gay rights and seeks to decriminalize homosexuality.
_	Instead, Todd testifies that Blair was totally out of her mind the day that she shot Max.
_	Nominated on 15 July 1795, he disembarked to much pomp in Angra on 6 November 1799, the day that he took power, even as the Regent increased his powers in the colony.
_	Of the radical and sudden transformation of Hagia Sophia from an active mosque to a secular museum in 1931 he wrote: "Santa Sophia was a mosque the day that I talked to him.
_	It's at this point that Annie's so-called "love" for Charlie is obstructing her view of what really transpired on the day that they met.
_	On March 4, 1952, nearly seven years to the day that Merkel's mother committed suicide, Merkel overdosed on sleeping pills.
_	On April 5, 1968 – the day that followed the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. – random violence gripped several Detroit schools.
_	On 1 April 1945, the day that the initial amphibious landings on Okinawa took place, "Knudson" continued antisubmarine warfare patrols during amphibious landings at Hagushi, Okinawa.
_	On the day that the bill received its second reading in the Red Chamber, the Sir David Macpherson invited Mrs. Susan Anna Wiggins, whose 'The Gunhilda Letters: Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister', letters of support for the bill had gained attention, to take a seat on his right, an honour, which was never before accorded to any woman but the wife of a Governor-General.
_	Coincidentally, Paula Zahn, who assisted in the coverage, began working as a CNN reporter on the day that the attacks occurred (Zahn mentioned this fact on a 2005 episode of "Jeopardy!", in which she appeared as a guest clue presenter).
_	But if her father objected on the day that he learned of it, her vow would not stand, and God would forgive her.
_	If she married while her vow was still in force, and her husband learned of it and did not object on the day that he found out, her vow would stand.
_	But if her husband objected on the day that he learned of it, her vow would not stand, and God would forgive her.
_	But if her husband objected on the day that he learned of it, her vow would not stand, and God would forgive her.
_	If her husband annulled one of her vows after the day that he learned of it, he would bear her guilt.
_	She wants everyone home early for her special day: the day that serves as a reminder that she has been alive for more years than she can remember.
_	He is said to have been born on the day that Rabbi (Judah haNasi) died.
_	24% of people chose the day that Big Ben first keeping time in 1859.
_	Kingsley held that position on May 24, 1883, the day that the Brooklyn Bridge opened.
_	On the day that the emergency loan window closed, Ipswich Town's Tamás Priskin joined "The Rams" on a five-week deal, with youth team winger Aaron Cole going out on loan to Conference National side Stockport County on a similar deal.
_	Heartland launched on 1 June 2010, 50 years to the day that TV broadcasting began in New Zealand.
_	It commemorates the day that Jesus' body lay in the tomb and the Harrowing of Hell.
_	A few hours later, official statements clarified that the executions of al-Bandar and his remaining co-defendant had been postponed to give special significance to the day that Hussein was executed.
_	One of the party's core policies is opposition to free abortion, and in fact the party announced its creation on the day that the Christian Democrats announced that they no longer opposed free abortion.
_	The 28th event under the Survivor Series chronology, it was notable for the first appearance of former World Championship Wrestling (WCW) wrestler Sting in WWE, who had a long hold out from the day that he had signed with the company.
_	He got a heavy head cold a few weeks ago and I thought today was very much in doubt, but we got him right on the day that mattered".
_	Staniford tells her that he living for the day that they can reunite in Venice.
_	To commemorate the day that marks the official unification of the former East and West Germany in 1990, 3 October has since then been the official German national holiday, the Day of German Unity ("Tag der deutschen Einheit").
_	It closed on 19 July 1852, the day that the bridge over the Wye was opened.
_	One reads in the accounts of the day that when he was called upon to appear before the National Assembly to present the declaration the king had prepared before the royal family’s flight to Varennes, he refused to disclose the letter his unfortunate master had written him which he regarded as a sacred trust which he would not violate.
_	The bridge corporation set a completion date, August 17, 1904, which was the day that the Farmer's Picnic was held in Belvidere.
_	It was the day that Philips organized celebrations and sports competitions in light of the centennial defeat of the French in the Napoleonic Wars.
_	Bowie and Iman, newly married, had arrived in Los Angeles to look for a new home together on the day that the Rodney King verdict was read, which was followed by a riot in Los Angeles.
_	According to a "making of "Treasure Hunt"" programme, Anneka Rice was confined to the hotel on the day that the cameraman, video recordist and helicopter pilot undertook a rehearsal (typically the day before the programme was recorded), so she had no advance knowledge of the locations.
_	On the day that her family was going to lose Southfork Miss Ellie married Jock, and it was well known that Jock was the only man in Dallas with the money to save the ranch.
_	Farid Khazen, sourcing the local histories of Sidon academics and eyewitnesses, gives a run-down of the puzzling events of the day that based on their research.
_	On 2 April 2018, the "New Zealand Herald" newspaper reported that the Government had paid NZ$3.4 million to five proposed charter schools on the day that the Labour-led coalition government was sworn in on 26 October 2017.
_	In her final appearance, set on the day that Matt Santos assumes office, Fiderer is seen clearing out her desk and warning Ronna Beckman that she should never revoke the First Lady's walk-in privileges, even though the President will plead with her to do so.
_	Further information showed about what happened the day that Him came to claim Mimi.
_	In the day that God created man [Adam], in the likeness of God made he him" (Gen. v.1; Sifra, Ḳedoshim, iv; Yer. Ned. ix.41c; Gen. R. xxiv).
_	For Thai Chinese communities in Thailand, however, the Chinese calendar determines the day that a Chinese New Year begins, and assumes the name of the next animal in the twelve-year animal cycle.
_	He puts the letter into his pocket and tells his father that he will give the police the letter on the day that they release him from prison.
_	Camden mayor Dana L. Redd ordered that flags at Camden's municipal buildings should be flown at half staff during the day that his funeral was held.
_	This was the day that President Jefferson Davis was captured.
_	The opening track "Nothing Remains" was written on the day that Dimebag Darrell was shot, but was not written specifically about his death.
_	The last scenes begin at twilight on the day that Macario shared the turkey with Death.
_	However, according to specialists, this was the day that Ullrich should have won the Tour.
_	Peiper turned 18 years old on the day that Adolf Hitler was appointed Chancellor of Germany.
_	The concept of a one-day online sale originated in the United States, where many online shopping sites offer discounts on "Cyber Monday", the first Monday after the so-called Black Friday, the day that follows the U.S. Thanksgiving.
_	In 1941 Rørdam published the poem "Then came the day that we have long awaited", in which he praised Adolf Hitler's efforts to eradicate bolshevism.
_	On the day that Saga took legal ownership, April 18, 2017, the station's call letters were changed to WCVL-FM.
_	He was also the starting pitcher for the Cubs on the day that Greg Maddux made his major league debut.
_	"My Way" was inspired by Michael Jackson's "Thriller" with Brown noting that "we mastered it on the day that Michael Jackson died (too), so I'm taking that as a good omen."
_	On 5 January 1994, the day that the Broad-Based Transitional Government specified by the Arusha Accords was to be sworn in, Mpiranya prevented the access of political opponents onto the premises of the "Conseil national de développement", particularly Lando Ndasingwa and his Liberal Party.
_	In addition to the time of moon up (moonrise) - moon down, his research determined that there were intermediate times of the day that occurred in between the two major periods.
_	The vocals were finally completed by 2am on the day that Patrick and Damian were due to fly to London to mix the album with Chris Sheldon, who had previously worked with the Foo Fighters and Therapy?.
_	On the day that her Estée Lauder contract expired L'Oréal signed her.
_	Death tells Belshazzar that today is not the day that he has come to collect the debt, but that the day is coming.
_	However the Government announced in December 2008 that with effect from 6 April 2009 this concession was to be withdrawn, and the HIPS pack would have to be completely available on the day that the property was first offered for sale.
_	Located south of Richmond, its defense was a top priority; the day that Petersburg fell, Richmond fell with it.
_	Little of his relationships with his children is on record, although on the day that he was transferred to the asylum, Žofie was "crying as though her heart would break".
_	He continued to serve in the Senate through November 6, 1934, the day that Murray was elected, at which point he resigned in favor of Murray, in order to give Murray seniority rights over other freshman senators, who didn't start their terms until 1935.
_	In Japan, 14 August is considered to be the day that the Pacific War ended.
_	But, the day I start enjoying it in Washington, D.C., is the day that I should come home."
_	On the day that it opened, 5,500 cars crossed over to St. Simons, and 7,500 people were fed a fish dinner under some live oak trees.
_	During the day that follows Rudin has his first conversation with Natasha; as she speaks of him highly and says he “ought to work”, he replies with a lengthy speech.
_	And the day that young Annachie came home on the tide
_	However, the two had met with Pennsylvania attorneys on the day that the episode aired to finalize plans for divorce rather than separation.
_	On the day that she was murdered, they decided to go to Las Vegas and get married.
_	The Gravedigger says that he has been in his profession since the day that Old Hamlet defeated Old Fortinbras, which was "the very day that young Hamlet was born."
_	When Hašek calls her on the telephone on the day that Germany surrenders, she is eager to speak with him.
_	September 2009, Boldin was released on the day that final cuts were announced.
_	In "Ave" (1847), Mary awaits the day that she will meet her son in Heaven, uniting the earthly with the heavenly.
_	Director Jeff Lieberman said that countless strangers showed up at the filming location on the day that the scene with Jamie Rose swimming topless was to be filmed.
_	Their fate was sealed on 14 May, 12 years to the day that they had achieved their famous FA Cup victory over Liverpool.
_	The classical regulations also forbid sexual relations on the day that a woman expects to start menstruating; there are three days that fall under this regulation, known as the "veset", namely the same day of the month as her previous menstruation began; the day exactly 30 days after the previous menstruation started; and the day that is the usual interval from the end of her previous menstruation.
_	Guyana has recognized this day since 2003, commemorating the day that Nobel Prize winner, Dr. Charles Laveran first observed the malaria parasite in blood.
_	The day a student successfully completes all graduation requirements is the day that they graduate.
_	In the United States, Jesus Day is the day that many thousands of people gather to pray and march in the name of Jesus.
_	Tim Latshaw of Nintendo Life called "Gargoyle's Quest II: The Demon Darkness" "a fine little gem from back in the day that deserves all the appreciation of players who are up to its tough but not impossible style of gameplay."
_	In July 2016, in the midst of a leadership challenge and on the day that Theresa May was appointed leader of the Conservative Party, Corbyn surprised reporters by going to address the Cuba Solidarity Campaign.
_	November 6, 1898, therefore, is the day that the revolution in Negros concluded.
_	From 8 May to 22 June 2013, he worked again with Emma Vilarasau, Míriam Iscla, Anna Moliner, Jordi Banacolocha, Pep Planas, Pepa López, and Joan Carreras, performing in the play "Barcelona", directed by Pere Riera, which deals with the Spanish Civil War, centering on the day that Barcelona was bombed by Francoist troops.
_	David Stern was quoted as stating that "Oklahoma City was at the top of the relocation list of cities" and during the Hornets' last home game he all but assured local fans that "I look forward to the day that the NBA will return to Oklahoma City."
_	The show was changed so late in the day that the apron and posters in the arena advertised that the show was a Triplemanía show.
_	The riots intensified on 8 June, the day that the home rule bill was defeated in parliament.
_	On December 8, 2003, the day that the PC Party and the Canadian Alliance were dissolved and the new Conservative Party of Canada registered, Clark was one of three MPs — the other two were André Bachand and John Herron — to announce that they would not join the new caucus.
_	On the day that followed, New Year’s Day 1814, Prince William, Field Marshal Blücher and Field Marshal Gneisenau rested at the Evangelical rectory for a few hours.
_	And the Baraita deduced exhortation to obedience for all time from the use of the word "command" in which says, "even all that the Lord has commanded you by the hand of Moses, from the day that the Lord gave the commandment, and onward throughout your generations."
_	On the day that Ngan receives her ID card, Yee's husband finds Ngan suspicious and follows her to Ming's house.
_	They just went incredibly dark with this thing and decided at the end of the day that it was a little bit too hopeless, a little too grim.
_	Charley was named after Louise's grandfather, who died on the day that Louise found out that she was pregnant.
_	On the day that Mr. Garrison arrives at the vet to pick up Danke and her three female puppies: Wilhelmina, Heidi, and Chloe, veterinarian Dr. Pruitt (Charlie Ruggles) mentions that his female Great Dane, Duchess, has also given birth, but pushed away one of her male puppies because she didn't have enough milk for him.
_	Khmer Krom still bitterly recall the day that the Vietnamese received the 21 provinces of Kampuchea Krom from the French on 4 June 1949.
_	This was the day that Israel attacked Lebanon in Operation Grapes of Wrath, which outraged Atta.
_	Lil Xan explained what happened the day that he was inspired to write it, saying that, "I was with my homie Steven and.
_	On October 13, 2009, the day that the Buffalo Bills placed starting linebacker Kawika Mitchell on the IR with a knee injury, Buffalo signed Draft to a one-year contract.
_	On December 31, 2009, Scripps Networks Interactive removed the Food Network and HGTV from New York City-area cable provider Cablevision, on the day that its carriage contract was set to expire.
_	Moreover, Maurice of Nassau, Prince of Orange (), on hearing the news, hurried to Zeeland to prepare a relief army and a fleet to relieve Calais, but the city fell the day that the first Dutch ships were preparing to sail.
_	A new period of ten years starts on the day that the person is issued with a passport or proof of Dutch nationality.
_	Their plan is to be enacted on the day that the manager plays golf.
_	15 October was the day that many local Occupies started, mainly in the smaller cities.
_	According to Massey, the popularity of yoga in the UK originates from the day that the Angadis hosted a demonstration by Iyengar at their north London home, attended by some of their friends.
_	Instead of Chin National Day, Chin State Day is celebrated on February 20, the day that marked the transition from traditional to democratic rule in the Chin State (Center for Applied Linguistics, 2007).
_	In 2002, an unnamed INDOT representative was cited as saying, "I am not sure why you are interested in that bridge, but from our standpoint, it was a very poorly designed bridge that had many problems from the day that it was completed, until it was brought down."
_	On January 7, 2015 it was announced by DMX's label Seven Arts Music that DMX would be releasing a new album next week entitled "Redemption of the Beast", though Swizz Beatz and DMX's management stated later in the day that this was incorrect.
_	Hutchinson's statement was made on the day that Mary Kelly's inquest was held, and he was not called to testify.
_	On June 5, the day that the crisis erupted, Iran asked the Arab nations to settle their dispute through dialogue.
_	However, in an article Scott made on Steam on June 22nd, Scott revealed that he was going to release the game early, on the 22nd, but because he had promised YouTuber Lewis Dawkins (AKA "Dawko") that he would not release it before he came back from vacation, he would wait until June 27th to release the game, the day that Lewis comes back from vacation.
_	Wiggins to take a seat on his right, on the day that the 'Gunhilda' bill received its second reading in the Red Chamber, Parliament of Canada;
_	On the 17th of March 1959, the day that the Dalai Lama began his escape from the Norbulingka Palace, The Tibetan Women’s Association, of which Tsering was a Founding Member carried out a street demonstration with 500 of its members.
_	March 20 is traditionally marked as the day that Kaveh defeated Zahak.
_	Timetas will sing his praises until the day that seals live in meadows, lions in the sea, trees drip honey and the seasons reverse.
_	On offense, Yeldon earned the Dixie Howell Memorial Most Valuable Player of the A-Day Game Award for his 179 all-purpose yards on the day that included 88 rushing and 91 receiving, and a 50-yard touchdown reception.
_	In a live television interview on the day that NATO forces initiated an aerial assault on Libya in 2011, Jeffrey Morton labeled the policy a strategic blunder.
_	On the day that "First Things First" was recorded, Bjerre had throat problems, so the vocal was recorded by Tim Gaze, however, when the film premiered mid-year, the group was surprised to discover that, without their knowledge, Thomas had erased Gaze's voice and added a new lead vocal by Broderick Smith (then the lead singer of Melbourne band Carson).
_	In the 10th century, on the day that a Tower of Silence had been completed at much trouble and expense, a Muslim official contrived to get up onto it, and to call the "adhan" (the Muslim call to prayer) from its walls.
_	On July 4, 1863, the day that the Confederates surrendered at Vicksburg, Mississippi, and marched south in defeat from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, another battle occurred beyond the line separating Taylor and Adair counties.
_	Manchester United confirmed later in the day that a transfer fee had been agreed, but that the deal was still contingent on Mata agreeing personal terms and passing a medical.
_	On 19 May 2015, the Australian High Commissioner, the Hon. Alexander Downer A.C., visited South Shields as part of special celebrations marking 100 years to the day that John Simpson Kirkpatrick was killed in action.
_	In the debate in the House of Commons on 3 March 1959, the day that the State of Emergency was declared, Alan Lennox-Boyd, the Colonial Secretary, stated that it was clear from information received that Congress had planned the widespread murder of Europeans, Asians and moderate Africans, "... in fact, a massacre was being planned".
_	Zimbabwean poet Albert Nyathi claims to have written "Senzeni Na?" on the day that activist Chris Hani died.
_	News departments at television stations work closely with promotions departments during sweeps to create promotional spots throughout the day that will entice viewers to tune into the newscasts.
_	In the "Mūlasarvāstivāda-vinaya", used by Tibetan Buddhists, it is claimed that Rāhula was conceived on the evening of the Renunciation, and born six years later, on the day that his father achieved Enlightenment (which is also said to coincide with a lunar eclipse).
_	This was the day that was torpedoed and sunk by "UB-123" off Dublin with the loss of over 500 lives – the greatest single loss of life in the Irish Sea.
_	Menges was born in Turkey on September 1, 1939, the day that Germany invaded Poland to start World War II.
_	Plans for the airport were announced on 13 July 1928 on the day that scheduled air service to Rochester began.
_	Kardashian was the man seen carrying Simpson's garment bag the day that Simpson flew back from Chicago.
_	On 22 June 1941, the day that the Germans invaded the Soviet Union, 254 G-5s were in service.
_	Pilgrimage died at the age of twenty-three, on the day that Jeddah won the Derby.
_	George Martin was appointed as coach; his Luton team was unbeaten over the first three games of the 1939–40 season and thus top of the Second Division on the day that the Second World War broke out.
_	But a Baraita compared the day that the Israelites dedicated the Tabernacle with the day that God created the universe.
_	He worked full time on his business until 26 October 2001, the day that Abdul Haq was killed by the Taliban for organizing uprisings against them.
_	Stone is also the co-author, with Jon Doyle, of "The Awareness", a novel about the day that all mammals gain human-like consciousness.
_	And the day that yound anachie came home on the tide
_	Kansas men's basketball coach Bill Self stated, on the day that TCU announced its entry into the Big East, that had the Big 12 collapsed the Big East would have offered membership to Kansas, Kansas State, Iowa State, and Missouri.
_	[[CNN]] called this "the day that [[social media]] appeared to come of age" since many different groups made significant use of Twitter to gather news and coordinate responses.
_	Iraqi military announced during the day that they had fully captured the entire Mushairfah district though some officers stated that the fighting was still ongoing.
_	On the day that the last salvage team was ordered home, the Spanish naval commander in Havana, Admiral Vincente Manterola, ordered the American flag, which was still flying from the rigging of the wrecked "Maine", struck.
_	He left the Yardbirds on the day that "For Your Love" went public, a move that left the band without its lead guitarist and most accomplished member.
_	On the day that the Arab Peace Initiative was to be readopted by the Arab League in 2007, Donald Macintyre wrote in "The Independent" that:
_	The full-page ad ran on November 22, 1963, the day that Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas.
_	The example shows the suffix -"wes" encoded the day that the race was held.
_	In 2015, filmmaker Jaime Longhi released to film festivals his 35-minute documentary "" which examines events of the day that Zack died.
_	The ITA spectators were promised the renewal of popular track and field rivalries of the day that would lead to new record performances.
_	However, on the day that they plan to leave in October 2005, Andy finds out about Robert and Debbie's plan and forces her to tell him where she is going to meet Robert, he goes there and confronts him, and they start fighting.
_	This footages showed parts of the day that weren't included in the episode, from 'wake-up call' to 'lights out'.
_	On 1 August 2005, the day that the Act came into force, the Stop the War Coalition and others organised a protest against the prohibition.
_	On the day that Victor receives news of Little Vinnie's arrest, Lucille asks him to make love to her.
_	Also, the date chosen for the 1998 Kenyan embassy bombings (August 7), was eight years to the day that American troops were sent to Saudi Arabia.
_	Hurst's report was faxed to the office of Texas governor Rick Perry on the day that Willingham was scheduled to die.
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of which was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	In 1918, she returned to New York and boarded a ship to France, landing in Bordeaux on 11 November 1918, the day that the armistice was signed ending the First World War.
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of which was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	This came after the Associated Press had reported earlier in the day that Miami team rules stated that improper anthem conduct could result in a player suspension of up to four games, more than some players receive for violating the league's domestic violence policy.
_	To arrive at the correct date, instructs counting seven weeks from the day after the day of rest of Passover, the day that they brought the sheaf of barley for waving.
_	Destruction of the old Mercantile Place buildings began at 5 p.m. April 24, 1923, the day that the title of ownership passed to the Mercantile Arcade Realty Company ("a syndicate of San Francisco business men"), and underpinning of the adjoining buildings to the north and south started on May 3.
_	The day the chapel was dedicated, June 14, was the eighty-first anniversary of the day that the first Mormon missionaries arrived in Denmark.
_	His summary trial began on April 17, 1961 – the day that the Bay of Pigs invasion was launched.
_	But the day that George was Johnsoned
_	According to the video that Henderson saw and 22Cans posted on YouTube the day that the experiment ended, the contents inside of the cube included the ability to be the sole, all-powerful, digital god within 22cans' upcoming release of "Godus" and to reap a small portion of all of the incoming revenue that is brought in by the game.
_	On the day that the song was released, 22 October 2012, it was viewed two million times.
_	Coincidentally, both "Ryan's Hope" and "One Life to Live" would later share a series finale date, as "OLTL" concluded a 43-year ABC network run on January 13, 2012, twenty-three years to the day that "Ryan's Hope" aired its final episode.
_	In October 2013, Tony and Diane decide to go to the seaside the day that Tony will get the news about whether his cancer has cleared or not.
_	His first television appearance was on 'Sportsview, on the day that Roger Bannister broke the four-minute mile.
_	On the day that Peggy plans to celebrate changing Louise's surname from Fowler to Mitchell, Lisa and Louise leave for Portugal, joining Mel.
_	Mike again calls Sam and scolds him for being lazy, and as Sam again sweeps the floor he sings a reprise the song "Blue Monday Blues" (Sam: "Monday's the day that all the earthquakes quiver").
_	It's Erev Shabbat, because when Mashiach will come, it will be the day that will be all Shabbat, the seventh day...
_	Bounty Day is a national holiday primarily celebrated by islanders of Pitcairn heritage on 8 June, held in the World Heritage area of Kingston, the day that the descendants of the mutineers arrived on the island.
_	It was also the most-viewed episode on BBC's online iPlayer the day that it aired, and ended September in the number one spot, with 2.2 million requests.
_	In Bergen-Belsen she befriended Anne Frank, and was with her on the day that she died.
_	On the day that her only child is playing the host at a birthday party, Ellen's husband informs her that he is practically ruined, and places the fault at her door.
_	The novel begins by announcing that today will be the day that a young boy, Robert Caligari, dies.
_	On the day that the marshals are scheduled to show up, he talks to his students about how wrong it is for people to steal.
_	Azad Kashmir Day is celebrated in Azad Jammu and Kashmir on October 24, which is the day that the Azad Jammu and Kashmir government was created in 1947.
_	For centuries, 11 November, was the day that the year's work was deemed to be done.
_	Michael wrote the first draft of "Blue Guitar" the day that he heard Van Zandt died, "as a tribute to the man who had the bluest guitar that I had ever heard."
_	To arrive at the correct date, instructs counting seven weeks from the day after the day of rest of Passover, the day that they brought the sheaf of barley for waving.
_	Jerry returns on the day that Jackson has an operation on his back.
_	in 2012, O'Keefe criticized the federal budget for the public service jobs that were cut in the city and later said he was looking forward to the day that Harper would not be prime minister.
_	Charley was named after Louise's grandfather, who died on the day that she found out she was pregnant.
_	Vile's last words to X are that he will haunt him till the day that he dies, before being destroyed himself.
_	Finally, the chronicle describes the occasion and the events on the day that Bishop Mogens was captured and sent to Denmark.
_	On the day that the jury began its penalty-phase deliberations, an alternate juror reported to the bailiff that he was going to get all of them.
_	Coincidentally, June 19, the day of Juan San Malo's death, is also recognized by many African Americans as Juneteenth, the day that slavery officially ended in several Southern states, about eighty years later – although there is no connection.
_	The Obama campaign denied that Obama had attended the church on the day that sermon was delivered and other reporters discovered that Obama was in fact in transit to Miami, Florida on that day.
_	The 29 January 2005 was pencilled in as the day that would decide Kamaldinov's future with the RRFL.
_	Rabbi Eliezer taught that on the day that God said in "Let the waters be gathered together," God laid the foundation for the miracle of the splitting of the sea in the Exodus from Egypt.
_	Rabbi Eliezer taught that on the day that God said in "Let the waters be gathered together," the waters congealed, and God made them into twelve valleys, corresponding to the twelve tribes, and they were made into walls of water between each path, and the Israelites could see each other, and they saw God, walking before them, but they did not see the heels of God's feet, as says, "Your way was in the sea, and Your paths in the great waters, and Your footsteps were not known."
_	Maliako Ralejoe of the Independent Electoral Commission said at the end of the day that: "Currently most of the urban areas have been counted, which is a good indicator.
_	Cell announced during the day that Iraqi forces had captured Yunus al-Sabaawi and Yafa districts in the southeastern part of the city.
_	Federal Police announced later in the day that they had captured the Gogjali-Intsar road.
_	They also stated during the day that they had captured the strategic No.60 Street to the southeast of Mosul.
_	The climate is highly suitable for growing tea with high temperatures during the day that fall dramatically at night; a peculiar characteristic of inland regions.
_	"Aim high and succeed and give it all to the day that you leave."
_	During the WW2 he served with the RAF, that was demobilized on the day that the family circus was due to open, at Southampton for the 1946 season.
_	Hindus celebrate the birth anniversary day every year when the day that corresponds to lunar month or solar month (Sun Signs Nirayana System – Sourava Mana Masa) of birth and has the same asterism (Star/Nakshatra) as that of the date of birth.
_	On the day that the Los Baños internees were freed, the headquarters of Sixth United States Army assigned the 11th Airborne Division the task of destroying all Japanese formations in southern Luzon, south of Manila.
_	Díaz Vélez assisted, as an officer and unarmed, to the religious and patriotic act of designation of the Virgin of Mercy as "Generala Army" that made General Belgrano because of the battle occurred on September 24, the day that marks the popular devotion to Our Lady of Mercy.
_	The Dates are the day that their first and last episodes aired.
_	An article published in USA Today on the day that Croom was hired listed a few responses from members of the political, cultural, and athletic communities.
_	Shortly after introducing the electric washing machine, the two Hurley brothers, Neil and Edward, introduced the Thor rotary iron, commonly known as the "Gladiron" as opposed to the hand-held "sad irons" of the day that required stove top heating by the user.
_	Brando left that institute due to illness, and went on to found the Sisters, Expiatory Victims of Jesus in the Blessed Sacrament in 1878, for which papal approval was granted on 20 July 1903, the day that Pope Leo XIII died.
_	Reading "and they brought the Tabernacle," a Midrash taught that on the day that the Tabernacle was set up, the Israelites rejoiced greatly because God then dwelt in their midst.
_	This was also the day that the Department of Commerce implemented an expansion of the broadcast band, which now consisted of a range of transmitting frequencies from 550 to 1350, with WJZ assigned the sole use of 660.
_	The Mekhilta of Rabbi Ishmael counted 10 songs in the Tanakh: (1) the one that the Israelites recited at the first Passover in Egypt, as says, "You shall have a song as in the night when a feast is hallowed"; (2) the Song of the Sea in (3) the one that the Israelites sang at the well in the wilderness, as reports, "Then sang Israel this song: ‘Spring up, O well'"; (4) the one that Moses spoke in his last days, as reports, "Moses spoke in the ears of all the assembly of Israel the words of this song"; (5) the one that Joshua recited, as reports, "Then spoke Joshua to the Lord in the day when the Lord delivered up the Amorites"; (6) the one that Deborah and Barak sang, as reports, "Then sang Deborah and Barak the son of Abinoam"; (7) the one that David spoke, as reports, "David spoke to the Lord the words of this song in the day that the Lord delivered him out of the hand of all his enemies, and out of the hand of Saul"; (8) the one that Solomon recited, as reports, "a song at the Dedication of the House of David"; (9) the one that Jehoshaphat recited, as 2 Chronicles reports: "when he had taken counsel with the people, he appointed them that should sing to the Lord, and praise in the beauty of holiness, as they went out before the army, and say, ‘Give thanks to the Lord, for His mercy endures for ever'"; and (10) the song that will be sung in the time to come, as says, "Sing to the Lord a new song, and His praise from the end of the earth," and says, "Sing to the Lord a new song, and His praise in the assembly of the saints."
_	On the day that Lakho was born Atkot his father is said to have made a foray as far as Patan and to have plundered a few shops, whence the couplet:
_	One the day that Ross is sent to trial, a fight distracts the guards, and he flees.
_	She leaves on the day that Tommy had hoped would be their wedding day.
_	Despots and tyrants curse the day that I was born.
_	The name is drawn from 15 May 1948, the day that the British Mandate over Palestine ended and the 1948 Arab–Israeli War began.
_	A professional skateboarder named Tony Valdez from the west coast is severely injured by mind-controlled zombies created through nano-technology on the day that his parents mysteriously die in an accident, secretly caused by his father's business partner Nigel Harrington.
_	Accepting the Fellowship at the ceremony, he acknowledged that it had been a difficult week for the film industry, on the day that Harvey Weinstein was expelled from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
_	"Sacudón" is from "sacudir" (to shake) and means something along the lines of "the day that shook the country" (see Spanish nouns: Other suffixes).
_	At the end of the day that's what counted at the time.
_	Breaking free, Reierson complained "I never thought I'd live to see the day that a Social Credit candidate would be denied the right to speak to his own supporters" announcing his withdrawal and endorsement of Taylor.
_	The decision by Najaf provincial council came on the day that Gulf Air was resuming flights to various destinations in Shia-majority Iraq and Iran after a break of more than a year.
_	The massacre occurred over a period of three weeks starting on September 1, 1923, the day that a massive earthquake struck the Kantō region.
_	Today is the day that king of Sunda Maharaja Sri Jayabupati Jayamanahen Wisnumurti Samarawijaya Sakalabuwanamandaleswaranindita
_	On October 3, 2014, the day that Canada's involvement in a military mission against ISIS was announced, she tweeted, "The apple does not fall far from the tree.
_	John L. Riker is said to have been given his second name, "Lafayette", by his grandfather, John Van Arsdale, in honor of Gen. Lafayette, who had arrived at Staten Island on the day that Riker was born.
_	The "Martyrology of Tallaght" and its later counterparts give his feast-day as 1 August, presumably the day that he died.
_	But when the press started, when I would go out on the – on the tour and do my appearances, and people would come up and say they never thought they'd see the day that it would happen; when people would want to shake my hand, and you'd see tears in their eyes, and they'd say, I never thought I'd see it in my lifetime – that's when, you know, it was definitely a very special honor."
_	Their relegation was confirmed 12 years to the day that Wimbledon achieved their famous victory over Liverpool at Wembley.
_	On the day that Foley officially became speaker, the RNC began circulating a memo to Republican congresspeople and state party chairpeople called "Tom Foley: Out of the Liberal Closet".
_	It would be the day that Christian proceeded to 54 Sound studios in Ferndale, MI with good friend Eminem, that changed his life forever.
_	Judith decides to raise the child, and later she returns to New England, on the day that David is to be ordained, and confronts him with the child in front of the congregation.
_	"When the Stars Burn Down" is about the day that someone meets Jesus Christ and realizes
_	On the day that Jacky Faber is to wed her true love, Jaimy, she is kidnapped by British Naval Intelligence and forced to embark on yet another mission for the Crown, searching for sunken Spanish gold off the coast of Havana.
_	‘You have done ill, Borrach,’ said Fergus, ‘to put me under prohibitions, seeing that Conchobar made me pledge my word to bring the sons of Uisnech to Emain on the day that they should come to Ireland.’
_	The transfer is effective regarding third parties and the debtor from the day that the debtor gets informed by the old creditor.
_	It is celebrated on 23 January on Pitcairn, and on 8 June on Norfolk Island, the day that the descendants of the mutineers arrived on the island.
_	Mayor Bloomberg announced earlier in the day that the storm caused $19 billion in losses in New York City, which was included in the estimate Cuomo gave.
_	Carnival was the day that any Indian revenge was executed.
_	Lucas himself told police that he had been in South Carolina the day that the victims died, but he was received with scepticism as he had a penchant for false confessions.
_	His first flight of that aircraft was on the day that one of his five children was born.
_	Moljević left Banja Luka on 10 April 1941, the day that the Independent State of Croatia (NDH) was proclaimed, and fled to Montenegro.
_	The work itself was so finely tuned to the political dynamics of the day that though the printer was arrested, the court censor writes that "I can fasten nothing on "The Poor Whore's Petition" that a jury will take notice of."
_	However, the crew informed the Mission Control Center later in the day that, following the test of the reaction control system, an object was seen moving in a co-orbital path with the Orbiter.
_	The noise of the hammer of the Cades Cover Bloomery Forge is said to have driven away the wolves the day that it came into operation.
_	The Ministry of Information was formed on the day that followed the start of war.
_	Ken Turner knew his man: " 'I want you to get these lads" (in the second XI) "so tired during the day that they won't have any energy left to go out at night!' "
_	One year has passed since the day that my son was arrested.
_	On the day that Armen assumed chairmanship, the "Wall Street Journal" and BBC discussed the restructuring plan in some detail.
_	After his surrender, General Corse was conveyed to Fort Warren near Boston, Massachusetts, on the day that Abraham Lincoln was assassinated, and he and the fourteen generals accompanying him narrowly escaped the violence of a mob at a town in Pennsylvania on the next morning.
_	At 2½, his parents listened, not believing their own ears, when he played on the piano, one finger fashion, one of the popular tunes of the day that he had heard on one of his father’s records.
_	In an orgy of victory on the day that the city fell – 9 September 1570 – 20,000
_	Ripa, however, was absent from that day's episode, and ABC announced later in the day that "Live" would have guest co-hosts through April 25, 2016.
_	A state funeral service was conducted on June 16, the day that interim President Rose Francine Rogombé declared a national day of mourning.
_	In a series of groundbreaking studies of skeletal anatomy he showed that cranial shape and size was highly malleable depending on environmental factors such as health and nutrition, in contrast to the claims by racial anthropologists of the day that held head shape to be a stable racial trait.
_	The day the fire happened was the day that Keay had just finished the outside painting.
_	Osmond later said he had a photo of the day that showed Huxley wearing flannels.
_	His novel "Peace" begins the day that Israel decides to attack Iran's nuclear facilities, and explores what might happen next.
_	60008 and 4468 were later to meet up with the other four members of the class in a 2-week event at York from 3 July (75 years to the day that Mallard set the World Speed Steam record.)
_	D'Aubigné remained as governor of Maillezais, though continuing to campaign with Henry of Navarre, and was with him on the day that Henri III was assassinated.
_	This is your private office, the place that shelters your fondest hopes: these desks so neat, patiently waiting for the day that never comes, the day you'll sit down at last and begin to write.
_	Night prayer has the character of reflection on the day that is past and preparing the soul for its passage to eternal life:
_	He defended the ideal of Puerto Rican independence until the day that he died.
_	She finally gives up and tells him how hurt she felt, alone on the day that was supposed to be their wedding.
_	Salazar's aunt, Sandra Luz Salazar, was with her on the day that she was kidnapped.
_	It had been the fairies' lucky charm until the day that one of the fairies, Lumina, had lost it inside a cave which was later filled with lava following the eruption of a volcano.
_	Trump tweeted about the memorial service the morning of the day that it occurred.
_	However, Patterson subscribed to the conventional wisdom of the day that deficit spending would ruin the province's credit and he thus therefore refused to run a budget deficit, instead funding the increased government spending through a new sales tax.
_	Moving along the narrow Buisaval Track, the going was slow; while they waited for their relief, the 2/7th continued patrolling the area and the day that the 2/6th set out towards them, there was further fighting around the Pimple when a small group of Australians were engaged by a Japanese strong point during a reconnaissance patrol, resulting in the loss of two Australians killed.
_	They arrived in Esquimalt on 10 August, the day that Japan announced its acceptance of the Instrument of Surrender.
_	She appeared in the show's first ever episode on 2 November 1982 – aired on the day that Channel 4 went on air – and her last episode was aired in September 1990, when the character was written out of the series following her divorce from Bobby Grant (Ricky Tomlinson) and remarriage to Billy Corkhill (John McArdle).
_	On November 7, 2006—the day that it was released—it became the most popular game on the Xbox Live service, until the release of "Halo 3", overtaking "Halo 2" which had held the spot since its launch in November 2004.
_	The most serious charges were that he had anathematized Cyril and charged him with heresy; that he was a Nestorian; and especially that at Easter 445, in the presence of his clergy, he had spoken the blasphemous words, "I do not envy Christ His becoming God, for I can become God no less than He." and "This is the day that Jesus Christ became God".
_	Watson played with the band, his first day being the day that Stevie Wonder recorded his first song - Fingertips - which was recorded live at the Regal.
_	Michael Flynn was forced to resign as National Security Advisor on February 13, 2017, after it was revealed that on December 29, 2016, the day that Obama announced sanctions against Russia, Flynn had discussed the sanctions with Russian ambassador Kislyak.
_	Most adult moths mate on the day that they emerge from pupation.
_	On March 2, 2010, the day that Puerto Rico commemorated the 93rd anniversary of American citizenship, Cartagena died in his home in the town of Guayama, of a heart attack following a long battle with stomach cancer, he is survived by his sisters María and Virginia and his children Modesto Jr., Luis Antonio, Fernando, Sara, Wilma and Víctor.
_	""This is the day that Venezuelans have been waiting for,"" said Luis Vicente Leon, head of a Caracas polling firm.
_	Clearly, Judge Wapner was absent on the day that lesson was taught."
_	"Petard"s Aegean campaign, in what became known as the "Destroyers' graveyard", began on 7 October 1943, the day that the island of Cos or Kos, fell to the Germans.
_	Arbogast won the Dodgers job on the day that Ramsey died on January 25, 1990, by doing a verbatim imitation of Ramsey's opening and closing remarks that were standard at each game.
_	He sings in nearly every episode and eagerly awaits the day that his album will be available and he'll be famous.
_	As the prophet Jeremiah testifies when he speaks such things: "Behold, the days come, saith the Lord, that I will make a new testament to the house of Israel and the house of Judah, not according to the testament which I made to their fathers, in the day that I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt; for they continued not in my testament, and I disregarded them, saith the Lord."
_	They reminisce about Chance's outgoing personality, and recount some war stories of his, including, eventually later in the evening, the sergeant's story of what happened the day that PFC Phelps was killed (apparently in the firefight following the IED attack on their convoy, heard at the beginning of the film, in which PFC Phelps was the gunner on a machine gun and was able to draw the focus of much of the enemy fire, allowing for his comrades to safely find cover for themselves).
_	Opposition to both NAFTA and ALCA was symbolized during this time by the Zapatista Army of National Liberation insurrection, headed by Subcomandante Marcos, which became active on the day that NAFTA went into force (1 January 1994) and declared itself to be in explicit opposition to the ideology of globalization or neoliberalism, which NAFTA symbolized.
_	In the film, Moore presents footage of Vice President Al Gore presiding over the event that would officially anoint Bush as president, the day that a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate would certify the election results.
_	My hope is that everyone reads this, and I would love to see the day that it is required reading in every school."
_	In February 2017, Erceg announced her retirement from the international game on social media, writing “Due to the unfortunate and unfavourable circumstances within the organisation that is NZF, it is with regret and great sadness that today is the day that I announce my retirement from the international game.
_	On 10 August 1792, the day that marked the downfall of the Legislative Assembly and the Monarchy at the hands of the Paris Commune, he witnessed from his carriage the toppling of the statue of Louis XIV in what is now the Place Vendôme.
_	The Court found that, since at least 26 February 2016–the day that the building's owner first directed that the rental payments go to Day's bank account–Day had had an "indirect pecuniary interest" in an agreement with the Commonwealth, and thus was in violation of section 44(v).
_	On the day that Mr. America brought All-American Kid to the Brownstone, most of the team left for battle, leaving All-American Kid, Mr. Terrific and King Chimera as the only ones left at the Brownstone.
_	There is an annual festival held in the town on January 20 to celebrate a legend of the day that the horse population which had been decimated by disease was replenished by an old mare past her breeding prime, allowing the village to pay its tax.
_	When most people think of the day that they will get married, they think of how happy their lives will be from that point on.
_	The surveillance video shows an unidentified "person of interest" dropping the vehicle off at approximately noon the day that Kesse went missing.
_	22 February 2014 was also the day that Yanukovych was ousted out of office, after violent events in Kiev.
_	Meanwhile, on the day that "Wright" departed Norfolk, her commanding officer, specially detached, Capt. Ernest J. King, took the train from Norfolk to New York and proceeded thence by plane to Provincetown.
_	However, in a post Cawthon made on Steam on June 22, Scott revealed that he was going to release the game early on the same day, but because he had promised YouTuber Lewis “Dawko” Dawkins that he would not release it before he came back from vacation, he would wait until June 27 to release the game, the day that Dawkins would come back from vacation.
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of which was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	December 2013, on the day that SpaceX launched its first geostationary satellite SES-8, Anderson was interviewed on BBC World News with Jon Sopel alongside Sir Richard Branson about the growing commercial space sector.
_	On the day that the tax was announced, share prices fell by 2.2%.
_	The armies that met in battle on the day that decided the fate of the Gothic kingdom in Spain are not reliably described in the surviving records.
_	The opposition parties in Sri Lanka joined hands with the government on the day that his candidacy was announced.
_	Other legislation passed by the council included declaring the day that Baghdad fell to be a national holiday, voting to establish a tribunal to try former government leaders, and banning television stations which are deemed to be supportive of the resistance.
_	According to the Gospel of John (for example ), this was the day that Jesus was crucified in Jerusalem.
_	The service for Emily Keyes was held on September 30, the day that Governor Bill Owens later declared "Emily Keyes Day".
_	Rabbi Eleazar read the words "since the day that God created man upon the earth, and ask from the one side of heaven" in to read, "from the day that God created Adam on earth and to the end of heaven."
_	Similarly, Rav Judah in the name of Rav taught that when God created Adam in Adam extended from one end of the world to the other, reading to read, "Since the day that God created man upon the earth, and from one end of heaven to the other."
_	That year is remembered for the day that 14,000 disappointed fans were sent home early when the Atlanta Braves vs. Southern League All-Stars exhibition game was called "on account of tornado."
_	And seventeen years to the day that Matt Bahr kicked the winning field goal to send the Giants to the Super Bowl, Giants kicker Lawrence Tynes did exactly the same thing.
_	This was the opportunity Kingsbury had been waiting his life for he said that "I have been waiting a while for this and dreaming about the day that I would earn the world championship title.
_	It was the day that changed my life.
_	He made his first league appearance of the 2016–17 season against Barnsley on 7 May 2017, the day that Newcastle clinched the Championship title.
_	On the day that the team was selected, Bradman wrote in his newspaper column, criticising Fingleton's running between the wickets.
_	However,cricket is not the only thing that hillview is most renowned for as the hillview college football team called the H.V.C. Spartans, spearheaded by Mr. Sievan Siewsaran has been demolishing other football teams in intercol (inter - college) tournaments from the day that Mr. Siewsaran has begun coaching the team.
_	On October 10, 1988, the day that Lundgren was excommunicated from the RLDS Church, there was a thunderstorm at the south end of Kirtland.
_	In 1921, on the day that the Tōkaidō Main Line was re-routed from its original path to the new Baba (Zeze) – Kyoto alignment via the Higashiyama Tunnel, the Kyoto – Inari portion of the old route became part of the Nara Line, and new track was laid between Inari and Momoyama.
_	On the day that James II fled the country, 11 December 1688, the line of succession to the English and Scottish thrones was:
_	John witnesses a plane crash on a freeway on the day that the paper predicted that a disaster would occur.
_	In a statement that was described as "very heartfelt and candid," she wrote, "I knew on the day that I accepted my job at CNN that a ratings victory at 8pm was going to be a formidable challenge... due to the incredible talents of my 8pm competitors."
_	Rabbi Levi taught that God gave the section of the lights of the Menorah, on the day that the Israelites set up the Tabernacle.
_	Catlin played his last game for Wednesday and last official career game in a 0–1 home defeat to Plymouth Argyle on 2 September 1939, the day that Britain declared war on Germany.
_	But the following day, during , Landis set a very high pace on the first climb of the day that no other rider could match.
_	On the day that Alfred is to return, however, it is discovered that Marion has run off.
_	This was the day that the Rump Parliament ordered its committee on bringing the king to justice to prepare ordinances for his trial.
_	The first government was formed on 11 November 1918, the day that Germany signed the armistice in Compiègne.
_	If a senator disapproved of a bill, he usually showed his disapproval by not attending the Senate meeting on the day that the bill was to be voted on.
_	The quote is taken from Sirach 40 or the Ecclesiasticus, which states, “Great travail is created for every man, and an heavy yoke is upon the sons of Adam, from the day that they go out of their mother's womb, till the day that they return to the mother of all things.
_	Another central London protest took place on 9 December, the day that the proposed reforms were passed into law, with protesters clashing with police and being kettled in Parliament Square.
_	It's the day that Bob Dovie's life is ripped apart…
_	But his editors did, and on Friday, the day that week's issue was supposed to close, his editors all handed in their resignations.
_	The Zoroastrian name-day feast of "Abanagan", also known as the "Aban Ardvisur Jashan" by Indian Zoroastrians (see: Parsis), is celebrated on the day that the day-of-month and month-of-year dedications intersect, that is, on the tenth day of the eighth month.
_	Although its runway was extended from to in 1973, it was not suitable to handle jet aircraft, and was closed on March 16, 2006, the day that the New Tanegashima Airport, with a runway was opened.
_	It was closed on the day that Britain declared war, 3 September 1939.
_	He resigned in protest on the day that a bill was passed in the parliament regarding the allocation of electoral boundaries for the state of New South Wales.
_	It concerned section 41 of the Australian Constitution, and the question of whether four people eligible to vote in New South Wales could be prevented from voting at the federal level by a federal law which closed registration to vote on the day that the writs of election were issued.
_	On the day that the Houses of Parliament were debating the expansion of Heathrow Airport, ten climate suffragettes went armed with chains to the gates of Westminster.
_	AQAP claimed responsibility for the February 2012 suicide attack on the presidential palace which killed 26 Republican Guards on the day that President Hadi was sworn in.
_	Rabbi Eliezer taught that on the day that God said "Let the waters be gathered together," the waters congealed, and God made them into twelve valleys, corresponding to the twelve tribes, and they were made into walls of water between each path, and the Israelites could see each other, and they saw God, walking before them, but they did not see the heels of God's feet, as says, "Your way was in the sea, and Your paths in the great waters, and Your footsteps were not known."
_	As the Nazis tried to convince him to return to Germany, he declared that he would "return with joy on the day that Hitler, Goebbels und Göring are publicly hanged."
_	On the day that Edna witnesses the duel her grandfather dies, leaving her alone in the world.
_	David Gilliand, a janitor for Jarrard, testified that Jarrard was out of town in New York the day that Deshler claims Jarrard told him to change the forgeries in the book.
_	After the nationalisation, the Chairman of Irish Nationwide, Dr Michael Walsh, resigned on 17 February, one week to the day that government-appointed directors announced they were investigating a deposit of billions of euro by Irish Life and Permanent, placed in Anglo Irish Bank before the end of its financial year.
_	The diapause morph is based upon the length of the day that the larvae experienced during the development stage of the life cycle.
_	Corbyn announced on the day that he would attend the debate in Cambridge, calling on May to do the same.
_	The Old Testament (Torah) law forbids gibbeting beyond sundown of the day that the body is hanged on the tree.
_	In the Ambrosian Rite, ashes are blessed and placed on the heads of the faithful not on the day that elsewhere is called Ash Wednesday, but at the end of Mass on the following Sunday, which in that rite inaugurates Lent, with the fast traditionally beginning on Monday, the first weekday of the Ambrosian Lent.
_	Amihan is born on the day that Arvak was killed, fulfilling the first half of Cassiopeia's prophecy.
_	In 1994, while spying for Luke, she began a flirtation with the evil Damian Smith, in fact Tony caught them in the stairwell of General Hospital embracing the day that B.J. was involved in a school bus accident and was killed.
_	London History Day is an annual celebration that takes place on 31 May, the day that Big Ben first started keeping time.
_	Prior to the announcements of the game, Kojima Productions featured a countdown timer on their website until the day that "Rising" was announced.
_	On the day that George wins a motorcycle race, Al meets Katherine Mary (played by Anne Baxter) an only child who lives with her father.
_	By 4 June 2001, (the day that would have been Charlotte's 28th birthday) the fund had raised more than £10,000 , and has since widened its activities to support HIV awareness campaigns in Rwanda and peacebuilding work in Burundi.
_	In a 2006 interview on the day that the United States House of Representatives passed the Pledge Protection Act, Newdow told WERS-FM's David Goodman, "A few hours ago, the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States of America voted 260 to 167 to completely gut the U.S. Constitution of its separation of powers and violate numerous other clauses because they thought it was important enough to keep 'under God' in the Pledge of Allegiance.
_	Following the elimination tattoo, the human canvases gather and vote for the worst tattoo of the day that'll send one artist to the bottom.
_	One of the party's core policies was an opposition to free abortion, and the party announced its creation on the day that the Danish Christian Democratic Party announced that it no longer opposed free abortion.
_	The game was released to critical acclaim on July 4th, 2017, celebrating both the day that Thoreau went down to the pond to begin his experiment and the 200th anniversary of Thoreau’s birth.
_	On the day that Pepper declared his candidacy, Horrell withdrew and endorsed Smathers.
_	This was a shared aboriginal belief of the Akan people as this too was the day that the Akan god, Nyame rested after creating the earth.
_	On the day that the two halves of the bridge were joined, each side of Columbus Drive was closed for a 12-hour period and a crane was used to install the girders.
_	On January 23, 2017, KP moves on its present channel, the People's Television Network (PTV), which also currently airs "Bitag" and "Pinoy US Cops" since 2013, as well the day that Santos become the anchor for "PTV News 1:00 PM Edition" (now "Sentro Balita").
_	Statistical analysis indicated that the Libor rose consistently on the first day of each month between 2000 and 2009 on the day that most adjustable-rate mortgages had as a change date on which new repayment rates would "reset".
_	Spence D. of IGN similarly noted that "We Ride" is a song to which someone can listen to whilst driving, writing that it is a "ubiquitous cruising track that reworks the cliché catch phrase of the new millennium: 'we ride till the day that we die.
_	The churches still functioning with Constitutional priests were instructed to have mass on "decadi", rather than on the day that would have been Sunday in the previous calendar, and "decadi" became the official non-working day: government employees were off, and schools, shops and markets were closed.
_	He was named 'Apollo 11' because he was born on the day that the Apollo space project was launched.
_	The Society applied to join the International Amateur Radio Union on March 12, 1968, the day that Mauritius gained independence from Great Britain.
_	If those who believe that because they speak Greek they have arrived at the limits of science would read the Indian texts they would be convinced even if a little late in the day that there are others who know something of value.
_	At the time, Weiss's wife and their families did not accept his guilt, especially since Weiss's parents indicated that he had seemed quite happy earlier on the day that Long was killed.
_	On the day that Bob Doyle, my co-manager, introduced me to Kent Blazy, I passed this idea by Kent and he had the first verse down within fifteen seconds.
_	"U-241" began training with the 5th U-boat Flotilla on 24 July 1943, the day that the U-boat was commissioned . "U-241" remained with the 5th U-boat Flotilla until 31 March 1944, when her training was complete.
_	The new bell is the Women's Liberty Bell, which is to ring for the first time on the day that the Women of Pennsylvania are granted the right to vote ...The Liberty bell 1776 rang to "Proclaim Liberty" to create our nation "The Woman's Liberty Bell" will ring to establish justice to complete our nation.
_	Hipparchus may have taken the idea of this division from Hypsicles who had earlier divided the day into 360 parts, a division of the day that may have been suggested by Babylonian astronomy.
_	On 11 February 2011, Al Jazeera English Online read from a Reuters report that stated Moussa was resigning from his position with the Arab League; on the day that President Mubarak resigned the presidency this furthered rumours he might make a strong bid for president when elections are announced in Egypt.
_	Bornstein never felt comfortable with the belief of the day that all trans women are "women trapped in men's bodies."
_	Indian MEA issued a second statement later in the day that both the sides have withdrawn "under verification".
_	Jacob held the movement in little regard, saying "I personally feel repelled by the intellectual snobbery of some progressive artists... the day that melody is discarded altogether, you may as well pack up music...".
_	And red-orange, which represents the traditional Thai color for Thursday, the day that Princess Chulabhorn Walailak was born (4 July 1957).
_	But the day that George was Johnsoned
_	She set sail for the ABDA Area on 15 February, the day that Singapore surrendered.
_	It has been found that elk more than double the amount of hours during the day that they spend vigilant and because of this they are decreasing the proportion of time spent feeding by about 19%”.
_	On the day that the raft sets sail, Sun approaches Jin and gives him a phrasebook she had written for him.
_	Mark Trammell of "TV Equals" praised the episode, stating, "While a little too much time was spend on the mid-season finale dealing with all the various ‘ships in play for my tastes, the ending confrontation more than made up for it, and if you’d told me we’d ever see the day that [the series] featured a full-on decapitation, I’d have told you that you were crazier than a roomful of Radley patients, and yet, here it was.
_	The union declared this the day that Liverpool fans declare their independence from their American owners.
_	She left him on the day that he was hanging Peter Manuel.
_	Many students say that it is this time of the day that they cherish the most.
_	However, on the day that she is meant to leave prison and embark on a quest for revenge against the man who ruined her life, she becomes the victim of an unfortunate attack by a fellow prison inmate that leaves her temporarily blind.
_	I'm gonna hate you til the day that you die," she yelled.
_	It entered into force on July 24, 1945 on the day that the United States gave notification of approval, the last of the four powers to do so.
_	On the day that Stacey is due for a medical review, she tells Dr Forde about a nightmare she had, but Dr Forde says this is probably just down to anxiety.
_	Printing began on 23 August 1939, the day that Nazi Germany and the USSR signed the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact, and the posters were ready to be placed up within 24 hours of the outbreak of war.
_	Saturday is therefore the first day of the week, as it is the day that includes the first night of the week in Arabic.
_	Unfortunately, the song was released on November 22nd, 1963, the day that President Kennedy was assassinated, and light-hearted songs were not the order of the day.
_	She won the role on the day that filming began.
_	Pearson was 29 years old on the day that the race was held; he was considered to be on the prime of his career recording seven short track victories throughout the summer of 1964.
_	May 26, 1805 was the day that Clark climbed out of the breaks (probably going up Bull Whacker Creek, and climbing up on a ridge), where he saw the Rocky Mountains for the first time.
_	'BAK Group Marianne Briner + Partner' was registered as a joint partnership on 13 February 1990, the day that Robert Ouko was murdered.
_	Anyway, he used to say to his wife, 'It were the day that war broke out' in a broad Lancashire accent.
_	This echoes the first line of Genesis 1, "In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth", and is reversed in the next phrase, "...in the day that the God made the earth and the heavens".
_	It was written by vocalist Eddie Vedder during the recording sessions for "Riot Act" on the day that he heard the news of Staley's death.
_	Rho's pledging process is designed to prepare the pledges to be completely active and equal members of the chapter from the day that they are inducted.
_	Questions arose about the role his Scientology background, may have played in his suicide particularly as a result of his suicide taking place on the day that Scientologists celebrate founder L. Ron Hubbard's birthday.
_	Anonymous Pentagon officials alleged later in the day that the Pentagon was "certain" that a Russian warplane (presumably a TU-22 bomber) had carried out the attack.
_	They tell that on Thursday of Ascension, the day that celebrates Christ's ascent to Heaven, Isidro began to work the field and when he arrived to the oxen, he heard one of them say: “Isidro, today we won't work”.
_	In commemoration of St. Romain, the Archbishops of Rouen were granted the right to set a prisoner free on the day that the reliquary of the saint was carried in procession (see details at Rouen).
_	On the day that France surrenders to Nazi Germany in 1940, Prudence "Pru" Cathaway (Joan Fontaine) a strong-willed young woman from the upper class, joins the Women's Auxiliary Air Force (WAAF), a military organisation linked to the Royal Air Force, to her family's surprise.
_	Thompson developed the idea of “ambient awareness,” or the connections humans develop with each other through quick status updates throughout the day that ultimately end up being deep, intellectual and still social.
_	Last also talked about the day that William Shockley showed up in Last's laboratory at MIT and offered him a job at his company.
_	On the day that Smith was to report with his lawyers to the SFO's offices, he was involved in a car crash and had to be cut from his Audi A8 after having run into a tree.
_	His feat of bravery and skill-at-arms is noticed by the King of Sidon, who is riding nearby on the day that Sir Eglamour at last overcomes this beast.
_	On 21 April—the day that the Olympic torch was lit—a section of the Tim Maia bike path, crossing the Oscar Niemeyer Avenue in São Conrado neighborhood and a part of the legacy of the games, was hit by a giant wave and collapsed.
_	No period is fixed for the duration of the prohibition, but it would seem that it continues until the day that the application is adjudicated on by the court.
_	She also was on NBC's The Today Show performing "Hands Tied" and her most successful single "Unbreak My Heart" on the day that the album was released.
_	Where the dirt roads had been muddy in the 2010 Giro, due to heavy rainfall the day that stage was run, on this dry, sunny day, the peloton's passage over unpaved roads led to massive amounts of dust being kicked up in the air.
_	The clues on the Leasorn Gems disappear and the day that Wind-Voice became Swordbird is made a holiday called the Bright Moon Festival.
_	On the February 4, 2008 episode of TRL the boys explained that Day 26 is the band name because August 26, 2007 was the day that they became a band.
_	Juneteenth, or June 19, was first celebrated in 1865 and recognizes the day that the last slaves in the United States received word of their freedom as a result of the Emancipation Proclamation.
_	30 January 1840 was the day that the Union Jack was flown on the masthead of the "Herald", the ship that brought Hobson to the Bay of islands, and that the flag was saluted by guns.
_	Many years later, Whitman recalled the weather and conditions on the day that Lincoln died in "Specimen Days" where he wrote:
_	As a result, South Africa withdrew from the Commonwealth on 31 May 1961, the day that the Republic came into existence.
_	It starts on the day that the Jaradi couple received an urgent phone call notifying that their two and a half year old daughter, Hadia, died in a hospital in Paterson, N.J.
_	They were still in northern South Australia on 11 February, the day that Burke and Wills reached the Gulf of Carpentaria.
_	The film was slated to be released on 1 May 2013, but was released on 3 May instead, to coincide with the day that marked 100 years of Bollywood.
_	Mayor Rob Ford announced the cancellation of Transit City on the day that he took office.
_	The school is open until 5:00 p.m. every day to allow all of the related services to be provided in one location and based upon the time of the day that is most appropriate for the student.
_	On July 20, 2017, the day that would have been Cornell's 53rd birthday, Pearl Jam guitarist Stone Gossard, who played with Cornell in Temple of the Dog, wrote a letter to him in a post shared on Pearl Jam's official website.
_	In Sunni Islam, Ashura also marks the day that Moses and the Israelites were saved from Pharaoh by God creating a path in the Sea, and is the Islamic equivalent to Yom Kippur.
_	The narrator of the novella is the journalist Paul Pokriefke, who was born on 30 January 1945 on the day that the Strength Through Joy ship, the "Wilhelm Gustloff", was sunk.
_	William Mapother did not audition for the part; he was chosen by co-creator/executive producer J. J. Abrams—who recognized him from the film, "In the Bedroom"—on September 22, 2004, the day that "Lost" premiered.
_	It is the day that Hans is to present his bride Ondine at court.
_	"Bear on the Square", an annual three-day festival held the third weekend in April, marks the day that a black bear wandered onto the square.
_	On 15 March 1939, the day that the Nazis invaded Czechoslovakia, the Straussler family fled to Singapore, one of the places Bata had a company.
_	On the day that Walter is to speak with the Dowager Empress, Lu Chung is captured and provides information about the fate of the others.
_	God's day being a thousand years (Psalms xc. 4), Adam was permitted to live 930 years, 70 years less than one thousand (Genesis Rabba xix.), so that the statement "in the day that thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die" might be fulfilled.
_	He was in the hospital for hemorrhoids on the day that the other nine members ran afoul of a trap laid by the Viet Cong.
_	During this period, the first commemoration of the Armenian Genocide was organized on 24 April (Rumi calendar: 11 April), the day that marked the beginning of the deportation of Armenian intellectuals.
_	The political parties have mostly been in favor of this being decided by the schools themselves, but the government has underlined that schools who participate in Christmas servicess must offer an alternative for pupils who don’t want to attend and that services must not take place on the day that marks the closing of schools before the Christmas holiday.
_	Many of these memorable matches being reported in newspaper articles of the day that are in the Club's historical archive.
_	On the 1 April 2006, eighteen months to the day that construction started on the project, its inaugural match took place, an Ekstraklasa match between Korona and Zagłębie Lubin.
_	It is the day that Antoine (Jean-Claude Brialy), a Paris advertising man, is to marry the lovely Gisèle (Marie Laforêt) and his best man Julien (Claude Rich), a divorced statistician, tries to talk him out of it with tales of the hard times he had from women, ending in entrapment by his stunning secretary Denise (Catherine Deneuve), a professional virgin.
_	On July 16, 2014, the day that Metro Manila was crippled by "Typhoon Glenda (Rammasun)", the station became inactive.
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of the game was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	The film begins with a flashback narrated by Leland P. Fitzgerald, describing how he could not remember the details of the day that he killed an intellectually disabled boy named Ryan Pollard.
_	On the day that the fuel blockade began, "Indian Express" newspaper reported that India had demanded specific changes to the new Nepali constitution.
_	On 5 May the day that German forces in Denmark surrendered, General Eisenhower dispatched a telegram to resistance headquarters in Norway, which was passed on to General Böhme; it contained information on how to make contact with Allied General Headquarters.
_	April 1, 1996 marked 20 years since the day that Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak, and Ronald Wayne came together to form Apple Computer.
_	Poppy Wyatt loses her engagement ring, which has been in her fiancé's family for three generations, on the day that his parents arrive from the US and in the following panic, she also ends up losing her phone.
_	The position was created the day Namibia became independent, which was also the day that Namibia-United States relations were established.
_	This date is also considered by many Hindus to be the day that Krishna left Earth and went to his abode.
_	On the day that Katniss and Peeta are to start a "Victory Tour" of the country, President Snow visits unexpectedly and tells Katniss that her televised acts of defiance in the Hunger Games have inspired rebellion in the districts.
_	The regiment sailed from Halifax on HMT Andes for Great Britain on November 13, 1941, exactly 26 years from the day that the 47th Battalion CEF had sailed for Europe from the same port.
_	MacPherson notes that apart from masterminding the construction of the Church of the Torch, Arthur devoted his last years in Kenya to building up indigenous church leaders, for the day that the Church would become fully independent of missionaries.
_	If the hilal is not observed immediately after the 29th day of a month (either because clouds block its view or because the western sky is still too bright when the moon sets), then the day that begins at that sunset is the 30th.
_	They have their first child, whom they name Raymonde Zeno, after Astorre's two fathers, and they consider the day that they will bring their son back to America.
_	On the day that the treaty went into force, the Nobel Prize Committee awarded Pauling the Nobel Peace Prize, describing him as "Linus Carl Pauling, who ever since 1946 has campaigned ceaselessly, not only against nuclear weapons tests, not only against the spread of these armaments, not only against their very use, but against all warfare as a means of solving international conflicts."
_	Given the delays resulting from the transfer process, many participants in property transactions require access to funds which will otherwise only become available on the day that the transaction is registered in the relevant Deeds Office.
_	Hungary a potential threat during a speech commemorating the 161st anniversary of the day that Slovaks demanded national equality with other nations within the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy.
_	It has even been suggested that Mahdi’s own deputy was a secret supporter of Hasan, waiting to demonstrate his loyalty on the day that Hasan would ultimately take the castle.
_	He wrote a missive containing much inflammatory language, in which he called d'Estaing's decision "derogatory to the honor of France", and he included further complaints in orders of the day that were later suppressed when tempers had cooled.
_	Shay stayed in his room on the day that he died.
_	It was said that the day that Wang received the imperial edict, he immediately mobilized and took his forces to Zhao Prefecture (趙州, in modern Shijiazhuang) to ready for attack.
_	In 2014 he told MPs: "I am absolutely convinced that those who look at the map of the sky for the day that they were born and receive some professional guidance will find out a lot about themselves and it will make their lives easier".
_	By the day that Steven Lo published the blog article, the team had a great result as they won 3 matches and tied once.
_	The list of some of the most important men of the day that were admonished, rebuked, or pursued by the Inquisition contains Wieland, Anguillara, Gesner, Lusitanus and others.
_	Alexandria may have chosen it because it was the day that Christ was crucified according to the Gospel of John (18:28, 19:14), in direct contradiction to the Synoptic Gospels (, Mark 14:12, and Luke 22:7), who state that he was crucified after he ate the Seder, his Last Supper.
_	On 11 September 2008 the Berlin House of Representatives approved the opening of the memorial on the anniversary of the day that the Berlin Wall fell.
_	The series ends with a clip show episode, "The Birthday", in which a selection of Joe's missions are presented as flashbacks at a surprise party on the day that the character turns ten.
_	On the day that the tax was announced, share prices fell by 2.2%.
_	On the day that the Fellowship left Lórien, Gandalf arrived, carried by the eagle Gwaihir.
_	30 January 1840 was the day that the Union Jack was flown on the masthead of the "Herald", the ship that brought Hobson to the Bay of islands, and that the flag was saluted by guns.
_	"So, I'll take all the heat that he's going to give me because I know at the end of the day that's going to make me a better player and a better person and it's going to make this team better", Howard said.
_	Military control of the German nuclear energy project, also known as the "Uranverein" (Uranium Club), began on 1 September 1939, the day that Nazi Germany initiated World War II by invading Poland.
_	United States Mint Director Robert Patterson wrote a letter to President James Monroe on the day that Scot died, stating "It has now become my painful duty to announce to you the sudden decease of our Ingraver [sic], Robert Scot, which took place this morning.
_	And, behold, thou shalt be dumb, and not able to speak, until the day that these things shall be performed, because thou believest not my words, which shall be fulfilled in their season.
_	WPHL began airing MyNetworkTV programming on the day that the new service was launched, September 5, 2006.
_	He falls in love with Toby's mother and they plan to marry on the day that the deadline for Max is up.
_	This was a shared aboriginal belief of the Akan people as this too was the day that the Akan god, Nyame rested after creating the earth.
_	Rabi Levi taught that the discussion of how to purify the camp in was one of eight passages given to Moses on the day that the Tabernacle was erected, because the people needed to implement them immediately.
_	Rabbi Joshua then took his staff and his money and went to Rabban Gamaliel on the day that Rabbi Joshua reckoned was Yom Kippur.
_	"The Associated Press Stylebook" specifies that midnight "is part of the day that is ending, not the one that is beginning."
_	It threw two tons of water per minute, burnt coke, and got up steam in about twenty minutes; but it was looked upon with so much jealousy by the fire brigade of the day that the inventor had to give it up.
_	In one of the most iconic championship deciders of all-time, played on the day that World War II broke out, the climax of which was played in a ferocious thunder storm.
_	Mundell was at Joe Gibbs' studio the day that Winston McAnuff recorded the song "Malcolm X." Joe Gibbs offers Mundell the opportunity to record and they lay down a track titled "Where Is Natty Dread?"
_	Saturday was the day that the founder of Methodism, John Wesley, had penitent bands meet because that was the day "the night of greatest temptation for many" as bars experienced much traffic.
_	After one camp week (5 days), all of the riding groups put on separate horse shows on the day that they are picked up from camp, which includes a cook-out.
_	Anonymous Pentagon officials alleged later in the day that the Pentagon was "certain" that a Russian warplane (presumably a TU-22 bomber) had carried out the attack.
_	Following the deaths of student protesters during the 2017 Venezuelan protests, Saab's son Yibram Saab placed a video on YouTube explaining how he protested on the day that a 20-year-old protester "was killed through the terrible and inhumane use of tear gas", exclaiming "That could've been me!"
_	The film was shown to the Secretary of State for War, David Lloyd George on 2 August and members of the cinema trade late on 7 August, the day that the film received final approval for release.
_	On the day that Titus, 77th Earl of Gormenghast, is born.
_	This date is significant in that it was the day that Italy won the World Championship (FIFA World Cup) in Spain (Italy beat West Germany, 3-1).
_	During his time spent performing for "the Tonight Show", he accompanied guest bands and musicians playing through a variety of musical genres, including playing with Tiny Tim (after tuning the performer's ukulele) on the day that Tiny Tim married Miss Vicki on Carson's show.
_	Wanting to start his own business, Humby resigned from Caci, and left on the day that Dunn was dismissed.
_	Susan then recalls the day that Eli died, before he began working on her roof.
_	H.V. Perera, the county's leading civil lawyer, volunteered his services free on behalf of Bracegirdle; he was made a Kings Counsel (KC) on the day that Bracegirdle appeared in court.
_	On the day that Marlon (Mark Charnock) and Tricia Stokes (Sheree Murphy) were supposed to marry, Tricia gets cold feet so Emily and Paddy get married instead.
_	Toronto mayor Rob Ford announced the cancellation of Transit City on the day that he took office.
_	Therefore, Dudly became very unpopular and was forced to live isolated in a lonely street, including his name was forgotten until the day that Donald discovers who planned the "Jog Tunnel", and then his girlfriend Daisy Duck reveals who is Dudly Duck through the newspaper where she works as reporter.
_	`Abdu'l-Bahá had stated that since May 23 was also the day that the Báb declared his mission, and should be exclusively associated with him, that that day should under no circumstances be celebrated as his day of birth.
_	In the end, after remembering her mother's face on the day that they were attacked at the bus by the same Worm that tried to kill her mother, she was finally reunited with her mother.
_	On the day that they're going to make it official, a misunderstanding leads to an argument, which leads to their separation.
_	As a result, South Africa withdrew from the Commonwealth on 31 May 1961, the day that the Republic came into existence.
_	Some of his more popular song titles include "It Took a Miracle", "Over the Sunset Mountains", "Heaven Came Down", "So Send I You", "Springs of Living Water", "Jesus is Coming Again", "Surely Goodness and Mercy" and "This is the day that the Lord hath made".
_	On June 20, 1973 the Peronist movement split after the Ezeiza massacre, that started when Lieutenant-Colonel Jorge Osinde's crowd monitoring right-wing Peronist militia reported the arrival of heavily armed Montoneros in two buses the day that Peron returned from exile.
_	They arrived in Canada on the day that Britain declared war on Germany.
_	She recounted in "L'Art du Théâtre" that "I only have to read a role two or three times and I know it completely; but the day that I stop playing the piece the role escapes me entirely...
_	In the Xochimilco borough of Mexico City, January 6 is important as the day that the best known Child Jesus image, the Niñopa, changes “hosts” or the family that will take care of the over 400-year-old image for the year.
_	The title of the album was referenced in The Tragically Hip's song "Put It Off", from their 1996 album "Trouble at the Henhouse": "I played "Love Tara"/by Eric's Trip/on the day that you were born".
_	In the decisions made at this meeting, the Standing unanimously prepared to proclaim independence and organized a large meeting in Hà Nội for the Provisional Government to present itself to the people, also the day that Vietnam officially promulgated the right of freedom and established the democratic republic system.
_	In the Genesis creation narrative (Book of Genesis 2:17), God tells Adam "But of the Tree of Knowledge of good and evil you shall not eat of it, for on the day that you eat thereof, you shall surely die."
_	Mrs. Ross’ son, Francis, also goes missing on the day that Jammet is found.
_	Kildare finally finds a handwritten copy of the play written by Cree before his death on the day that Elizabeth is to be hanged.
_	This change of course became more clear when at the synod of Benevento (in 1091) the beginning of lent was definitively established on the day that is called Ash Wednesday by pope Urban II.
_	On the day that the bodies of Hudson's mother and brother were discovered, Chicago police took Julia Hudson's estranged husband William Balfour, 57, into custody but did not file charges against him.
_	Kouao was arrested on the day that Climbié died, and Manning the following day.
_	Kerbel was born to a Russian Jewish family in the village of Semyonovka in Chernigov Governorate, Russian Republic (currently Semenivka, Chernihiv Oblast, Ukraine), on the day that Winter Palace in Petrograd was stormed by the Bolsheviks.
_	On the day that Michael Timmins had heard that Van Zandt had died he wrote the first draft of "Blue Guitar", "as a tribute to the man who had the bluest guitar that I had ever heard."
_	The funding for the US $10,000,000 prize was unconventional in being "backed by an insurance policy to guarantee that the $10 million is in place on the day that the prize is won."
_	On the day that she is due to catch a train to Tokyo, Ryuzo finds out and intercepts her.
_	He celebrated by dancing in the snow in Moscow on the day that his Bolshevik government was more than two months old, surpassing the Commune.
_	His publisher released the book the day that President Barack Obama gave his farewell speech.
_	Because in rabbinic Judaism this day was labeled the “New Year for the Tree,” 17th century mystics created a ritual meal or seder of fruit and nuts for the day that celebrated the “Tree of Life” that sustains the universe.
_	The specific date, October 31, comes from the day that Martin Luther posted his 95 Theses.
_	The controversy has been reignited nearly every year since 1975, when prime minister Miki Takeo visited the shrine as a private individual on August 15, the day that Japan commemorates the end of World War II.
_	On June 23, 1969, the day that Warren E. Burger was sworn in as Chief Justice, Tijerina returned to Washington to place him under citizen's arrest.
_	On the day that Japanese planes attacked the Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor, 7 December 1941, "Albemarle" lay at NOB Norfolk, embarking passengers before she was scheduled to get underway for anchorage at Lynnhaven Roads.
_	By 1640 a herbal had been printed that included about 3800 plants – nearly all the plants of the day that were known.
_	It holds a number of services during the day that attract a total attendance of about 200.
_	It is mentioned he was killed at Colwen Grounds on the day that Nessarose was born, as a human sacrifice to bring rain to Munchkinland (which throughout the novel experiences extreme, economically crippling droughts).
_	Zelda started working in pursuing sciences until the day that she spilled hydrochloric acid down her shirt and burned herself; she decided to pursue acting instead.
_	The feast officially begin on that Saturday, but celebrations generally begin nine days prior, on the day of the Ascension—the day that the Virgin of the Angels descended from the Cerro de los Ángeles.
_	In the United Kingdom, Budget Day is the day that the Chancellor of the Exchequer delivers the Budget, first privately to the Cabinet and then publicly in a speech to the House of Commons.
_	On the day that the US Operation Desert Storm component of the Gulf War began, January 16, 1991, Canada announced that it would send a field hospital to the Persian Gulf region.
_	In response to an inquiry from officials of two Connecticut towns asking whether they could issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, Attorney General Richard Blumenthal wrote on May 17, 2004, the day that same-sex marriage became legal in Massachusetts:
_	He said that "an Anschluss with Germany must never be permitted ... Austria is necessary to the maintenance of Europe ... the day that Austria falls and is swallowed up by Germany will mark the beginning of European chaos."
_	Instead, the state annually celebrates 16 December as "National Day" to coincide with the day that former ruler Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa ascended to the throne.
_	Christophe, then 66, re-enacted the day that cost him the Tour de France.
_	On offense, Yeldon earned the Dixie Howell Memorial Most Valuable Player of the A-Day Game Award for his 129 all-purpose yards on the day that included 69 rushing and 60 receiving, and game-winning touchdown run.
_	A year later, on the day that Alexander was assassinated, Catherine pleaded with him not to go out because she had a premonition that something would happen to him.
_	When Stedman later wrote an article on methods of rescue at sea, it was considered such a technical milestone and so advanced procedures for rescues at sea of the day that Mount St. Mary's University (then, college) awarded Stedman the degree of D.Litt. (honoris causa) and Colgate University awarded him a D.Sc. degree (honoris causa).
_	Christian exegetes of ("for in the day that you eat of it you shall die") have applied the day-year principle to explain how Adam died within a day. , and Jubilees 4:29–31 explained that, to God, one day is equivalent to a thousand years and thus Adam died within that same "day".
_	The journalist Shiela Grant Duff's Penguin Special, "Europe and the Czechs" was published and distributed to every MP on the day that Chamberlain returned from Munich.
_	Of a class of 35 young men ordained the day that Reverend Father Boylan took the solemn vows, eight were assigned to the Providence Diocese, and the only other survivor today of this latter group is Reverend Father James A. Gleeson of Providence.
_	The show portrays Spider-Man's history from the day that he gets bitten by the radioactive spider and throughout his High School years and relationship with Mary Jane Watson.
_	He never had the heart to tell the press of the day that they had spelled his name wrong throughout his entire career.
_	Blanco-Pi purchases WMTI back in August 1, 2016, the day that WMTI is Silent, preparing its return to the WAPA Radio News Network.
_	R. Katina also taught, “Just as the seventh year is the Shmita year, so too does the world have one thousand years out of seven that are fallow (mushmat), as it is written, ‘And the Lord alone shall be exalted in that day’ (Isa. 2:11); and further it is written, ‘A psalm and song for the Shabbat day’ (Ps. 92:1) – meaning the day that is altogether Shabbat – and also it is said, ‘For one thousand years in Your [God's] eyes are but a day that has passed.’ (Ps.90:4) (Sanhedrin 97a).
_	Brice disappeared the day that a grand jury was to convene on the case.
_	Since the end of the war through the day that the remains of Palić were positively identified his widow Esma campaigned to force the government of Republika Srpska to investigate the case, locate the remains and prosecute the killers.
_	As Lakoff notes, "On the day that George W. Bush took office, the words "tax relief" started coming out of the White House."
_	'She was a sour girl the day that she met me,' I wrote.
_	Furthermore, the Penguins won their fourth Stanley Cup, 26 years to the day that Johnson was hired, on June 12, 2016.
_	Another date that appears in the code is "24 September 2007", the day that Iran's president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad spoke at Columbia University and made comments questioning the validity of the Holocaust.
_	On 7 April 2015 he was found dead in his garage near his home in Tours, on the day that he was due to go on trial, accused of having illegally profited from Chinese bridal tours between 2007 and 2011.
_	National Beer Day is celebrated in the United States every year on April 7, marking the day that the Cullen–Harrison Act was enacted after having been signed into law by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on March 22, 1933.
_	"Mr President, you and I planted an olive tree at your residence on the day that I arrived in Israel.
_	The images were sent to Sam before Harry died with a request from him to pass on so that we never forget the day that changed our lives.
_	Four years later, Antonio reappeared in Harmony on the day that his siblings Luis, Miguel, and Paloma were all getting married.
_	However, the sacking of the city-states was not as complete as the Kranolta had thought as many of the cities artisans and workers along with their wealth had fled the city and established themselves elsewhere preparing for the day that they might retake the city.
_	The recovery of this item, and its location, further adds to my belief that material was removed from the farmhouse on or shortly after the day that Ben disappeared."
_	In addition to the regular exhibits, there were well-known bands of the day that came to perform: for example, in August 1907, the Kilties, a Canadian band that played Scottish music, performed traditional Scottish folk music and folk dances.
_	Viewer figures are taken from the Broadcasters' Audience Research Board Ltd. website for the day that the episode was first aired.
_	When he reached Yan Prefecture, on the day that he was supposed to receive the bride, he made a surprise attack, evicting Qi from Yan Prefecture.
_	Following Sarah's discovery that Tom is Theo's father, she's struggling to keep her emotions in check on the day that Anna and Tom renew their vows for their 10th wedding anniversary.
_	A protest march of thousands of people from all over the country took place in Taipei on the day that had been announced for the eviction of the remaining 45 residents of the Sanatorium.
_	On the day that Six found Rex and his ability to cure E.V.O.s, he showed Rex to Holiday, who was overjoyed with the discovery, but promised Six not to tell White Knight, who, at this point, only intended to kill E.V.O.s.
_	For example, perceived stressful events at work are often positively associated with high job strain on the day that they occur and negatively associated with strain the day after, resulting in an accumulation of perceived job-related stress over time.
_	November 29, 1929 is the day that now lives in the world's memory.
_	The Musgraves more or less adhered to a prevailing law of the day that prohibited, except on licence, marriage between English and Scottish borderers.
_	Ichabod (, "ikhavod" – "no glory", "inglorious" or "where is the glory?") is mentioned in the first Book of Samuel as the son of Phinehas, a malicious priest at the biblical shrine of Shiloh, who was born on the day that the Israelites' Ark of God was taken into Philistine captivity.
_	In reply, the angel identified himself as Gabriel, sent by God, and stated that because of Zechariah's doubt he would be struck dumb and "not able to speak, until the day that these things shall be performed".
_	In 1959, singer Patti Page recorded the title song from the show for Mercury Records on the day that the musical opened on Broadway.
_	KNVA airs hourly weather updates throughout the day that are produced by KXAN.
_	On September 19, at 02:54 an eruption lasting around fifteen minutes was the first event of many through the day that eventually covered the metropolitan area with ash.
_	Everyone has their own story to tell about the day that Rhonda went berserk in the shopping mall.
_	The dates are the day that their first and last episodes aired.
_	Despite the heavy subsidies, Air Midwest ended service on September 30, 2007, the day that its contract with the Lancaster Airport expired.
_	On July 13, 1944, the day that the "E. A. Bryan" docked at Port Chicago, the ship's winch brakes were found stuck in the "off" position, meaning that the winch could be operated freely, but lacked critical stopping capability if steam pressure was interrupted.
_	This is typically also the day that the eyes of all deities on the Durga Puja stage are painted, bringing them to a life like appearance.
_	If a senator disapproved of a bill, he usually showed his disapproval by not attending the senate meeting on the day that the bill were to be voted on.
_	He takes her to his apartment, where she takes a bath and has a flashback to the day that Trent vowed revenge.
_	The peaceful gathering at Ratchaprasong intersection, an area in downtown Bangkok which was occupied by the red shirts between 3 April 2010 and 19 May 2010, the day that the Thai military violently ended the protests and on which day the protesters set fire to may buildings across Thailand including CentralWorld in Bangkok, attracted approximately 10,000 demonstrators.
_	It follows the story of Theo, a man who always gave priority to career, until the day that his 15-year-old son goes missing.
_	A three-part series about Queen Victoria's fraught relations with her children was broadcast on BBC2 in January 2013 and Blakeway was responsible for the BBC's 90 minute official obituary of Margaret Thatcher, "Margaret Thatcher: Prime Minister" which was transmitted on BBC1 on the day that her death was announced.
_	On the latter day – the day that the armistice ending World War I was signed – the ship touched briefly at Staten Island, New York, before sailing for France.
_	After the events of which reports that Isaac grew, was weaned, and Abraham made a great feast the day that Isaac was weaned, Satan asked God how it could be that God graciously granted Abraham a child at the age of 100, yet of all that feast, Abraham did not sacrifice one turtle-dove or pigeon to God.
_	A storm deemed "catastrophic" that had the potential to drop of rain had also barely missed the Grand Rapids area on the day that the water crested in the Grand River.
_	It is held every year on 5 May, the day that the Netherlands were liberated in 1945, at the Haarlemmerhout.
_	During the day that follows, he spends more time with his friend and his sisters, and while Stella flirts with him he begins to have second thoughts about marrying Megan.
_	[H]e at first had such an aversion that he declared that he would not have set foot in the Church the day that they [the imperial titles] were conferred, although it was a great feast-day, if he could have foreseen the design of the Pope.
_	On the day that he intends to ask Esther to marry him, Dwight instead proposes to Angela.
_	Lafranchise did not file a report of the visit until January 9, 2008, on the day that the girls' bodies were discovered.
_	They died of exhaustion during the last days of the war in 1945, Johnny on 15 April, the day that the camp was liberated.
_	The day that it was established marks the hundredth anniversary of the day that Haakon VII arrived in Norway: November 25, 1905.
_	He was the man who lowered the Confederate flag from the capitol building in Richmond, Virginia on the day that the Confederate forces abandoned that city.
_	The next day, Isabel discovers that a young man, Rory Macloed, died in a hit-and-run accident on the day that Ian received his new heart.
_	Under current ecclesiastical law, as defined by the apostolic constitution "Universi Dominici gregis", only cardinals who have not passed their 80th birthday on the day that the Holy See falls vacant are eligible to participate in a papal conclave to elect a new pope.
_	She tells him that "the day that dawns for you will also dawn for me; the day you see, I shall also see", referring to the fact that day in the world above is night in the Underworld.
_	On May 25, 2016, Conte and Dawn were married, ten years to the day that they started dating.
_	And it was to this service that Moses dedicated the Tabernacle, and it was on the day that Moses completed the Tabernacle that Moses composed which Jews recite in the "Pseukei D'Zimrah" section of the morning ("Shacharit") prayer service.
_	The last Office of the day, Vigils, combines both the elements of traditional Vigils, (night watching in the hope of the coming day) and Compline (thanking God for the day that has passed and praying for a peaceful night.)
_	Rabbi Levi taught that God gave the section of the Red Cow in (which came into force as soon as the Tabernacle was set up) on the day that the Israelites set up the Tabernacle.
_	But the day that George was Johnsoned
_	It starts on May 6, the day that Johnson learns the date of his execution.
_	According to multiple news accounts of the trial, Russert's testimony was key to Libby's conviction or acquittal, and on the day that the defense rested, February 14, 2007, the judge refused to allow the defense to call Russert back to the stand.
_	Vesak is the day that celebrates the birth, enlightenment and final enlightenment (after death) of the Buddha Gautama.
_	In October 2013 Ahmet Kaya was given the Grand Presidential Prize in Culture and Arts in the music category on the day that would have been his 57th birthday.
_	On the stock exchange on 30 March the 3% fell by three and a half francs; it had only fallen by two and a half francs on the day that war was declared in 1870.
_	The first issue of the "Columbia Missourian" was printed on the day that classes started, September 14, 1908.
_	Oliver Cromwell with another Parliamentarian army consisting of three regiments of foot and two of horse had reached Gloucester on the day that the Royalist army was routed at the Battle of St. Fagans and proceeded to cross the south Welsh border shortly afterwards.
_	However, the organisers gave it a lunchtime screening on the day that all the media covering the Festival were invited "to a free oyster-and-Guinness lunch in Kenmore, 70 miles away."
_	Rabbi Eleazar read the words "since the day that God created man upon the earth, and ask from the one side of heaven" in to read, "from the day that God created Adam on earth and to the end of heaven."
_	Similarly, Rav Judah in the name of Rav taught that when God created Adam in Adam extended from one end of the world to the other, reading to read, "Since the day that God created man upon the earth, and from one end of heaven to the other."
_	Few could foresee that the conflict in Ethiopia would go on for another five years and that the day that these soldiers could reap the rewards would never dawn.
_	On the day that Determine won the Derby, Imbros won the William P. Kyne Handicap, making Crevolin the first person in the United States to ever win two $100,000 races on the same day.
_	He was accused of stealing $60,000 in operational funds from the embassy safe before fleeing Spain and of taking part in the assassination of Rudolf Klement, a former secretary of Leon Trotsky, in Paris on 13 July 1938, the day that he left Paris for Quebec.
_	However, on the day that Guei is due to take over the ownership, the bicycle is stolen while he is picking up a document.
_	That date marks the day that college coaches can contact athletes via phone to discuss possibly swimming for their team.
_	On the day that Roxy is due to arrive, Dinky packs her suitcase and arrives at the welcoming ceremony in a beautiful dress.
_	From Dumbarton Junction the NBR line to Balloch was to be transferred to joint control, between the NBR, the L&DR and the Caledonian Railway, on the day that the L&DR opened its line for passengers to that point.
_	Ryan reclaims Ralph, and brings him home on the school bus on the day that his new friend comes with him to visit at the inn.
_	Kirkpatrick was guest of honour at a dinner held by the Argentine ambassador to the United States, on the day that the Argentine armed forces landed on the islands.
_	While previously, voters had been allowed seven days of grace after an election had been called to arrange or update their enrollment, new voters were now allowed only until 8:00 pm on the day that the electoral writ was issued to lodge their enrollment form, while those who needed to update their addresses were allowed three days.
_	The tournament was very well attended by the public, particularly on the day that current World Champion Boris Spassky played future champion Bobby Fischer, with an estimated 3000 spectators turning up (Spassky won).
_	Most of the perimeter road was finished by October 11, 1913, the day that water first began to be added to the reservoir.
_	The funeral took place on Monday 25 July 1796, the day that his son Maxwell was born.
_	Daniels' "A Crisis for the Husbandman", self-published in 1889, was the first of a number of works on issues of the day that Daniels wrote.
_	Popping off about issues of the day that I'm considered an expert on simply because I read the paper that morning doesn't feel right to me, which is surprising because I pop off a lot in real life.
_	The house was visited briefly by Diana, Princess of Wales and her companion, Dodi Fayed, on 31 August 1997, the day that they died in a traffic accident in the Alma tunnel.
_	Word spread throughout the day that diminished fears of reprisal and gave hope for freedom.
_	"The Washington Post" reported that "on the day that Trump and the other parties told the court that they had settled the case, the Donald J. Trump Foundation made its first and only grant to the Martin B. Greenberg Foundation, for $158,000."
_	This application was dependent on whether B was habitually resident on the day that the application was made and this was the issue before the court.
_	In the debate in the House of Commons on 3 March 1959, the day that the State of Emergency was declared, Lennox-Boyd, the Colonial Secretary, stated that it was clear from information received that Congress had planned the widespread murder of Europeans, Asians and moderate Africans, which was the first public mention of a murder plot and, later in the same debate, the Under-Secretary of State at the Colonial Office, Julian Amery, reinforced what Lennox-Boyd had said with talk of a conspiracy of murder and "a massacre ... on a Kenyan scale".
_	However, his powers are limited because his official term finished the day that he convoced the elections.
_	Dalaras even had to struggle to get into the studio, as ironically the day he began his studio career was the day that the Greek military junta took over the streets of Athens, and the roads were littered with tanks.
_	On the day that the it was broadcast on television, the official hashtag of the show (#ALDUBxEBLoveIs) trended on Twitter where it landed on the top spot in the Philippines and the second spot worldwide.
_	According to his son, "My father came home late on the day that President Kennedy had been shot.
_	However, the Saints decided by the end of the day that they were not willing to match the offer, therefore allowing Goddard to join the Bombers.
_	On 18 June, the day that Karzai would present his cabinet to the Loya Jirga he told the loya jirga that he needed one more day to make his final list.
_	As the film ends, the camera reveals that "Rosebud" is the trade name of the sled on which the eight-year-old Kane was playing on the day that he was taken from his home in Colorado.
_	From the day that he gave The Beatles our first recording contract, to the last time I saw him, he was the most generous, intelligent and musical person I've ever had the pleasure to know."
_	Parliamentary elections are to be held no later than 60 days after the expiration of the 4-year parliamentary term, counting from the day that parliament is constituted with the election of a Speaker.
_	They chose to get married on 1 August 1834 which was the day that the majority of slaves in the British Empire were legally freed.
_	The ships arrived at Funchal, Madeira, on the 9th, and "Venetia" departed on the 11th, the day that the armistice was signed at Compiègne, France, ending World War I.
_	Did anyone else die the day that Kroehl died?"
_	Marshall and a fellow desegregation advocate entertained frightened parents on the day that Stratford Junior High School quietly desegregated.
_	Now, it happens that those whom they called Lutherans were at that time so narrowly watched during the day that they were forced to wait till night to assemble, for the purpose of praying God, for preaching and receiving the Holy Sacrament; so that although they did not frighten nor hurt anybody, the priests, through mockery, made them the successors of those spirits which roam the night; and thus that name being quite common in the mouth of the populace, to designate the evangelical "huguenands" in the country of Tourraine and Amboyse, it became in vogue after that enterprise."
_	Reaching Manila Bay on 2 September 1945 – the day that Japan signed the formal articles of surrender in Tokyo Bay – "Victoria" commenced fueling operations immediately.
_	Seventeen Days is the third studio album by American rock band 3 Doors Down, released on February 8, 2005, five years to the day that 3 Doors Down released their debut album, "The Better Life".
_	The day that Jeannie married was the day that Jeannie died
_	There's also a special flower of the day that if you give one to him, he will triple the happy points.
_	The day, instituted within the Third Portuguese Republic does not correspond to the Portugal's creation: some suggest that day was 24 June 1128, the day that Afonso Henriques defeated his adversaries in Guimarães, while another thesis supported 24 July 1137, when this nobleman defeat the Moors at the Battle of Ourique.
_	The meter was running from the day that we moved in.
_	On the day that marked the half-way point of the tournament, the men's third round matches were finished.
_	In 2017, Conscious Minds created a short film recreating the day that Philippe instantly shared the first camera-phone photo of the birth of his daughter.
_	She delivered a speech which many found deeply moving in which she said the day Rabin was murdered was "the day that the skies fell down on me because of what happened to us, to all the citizens of Israel."
_	On the day that the official investigation concluded that wrongdoing had occurred and the names of those accused of committing the massacre had been passed on to the civilian courts, masked men went through the neighborhood searching for a number of people.
_	Section 6(2) provides that the Act came into force at the end of the period of two months that began on the day that it was passed.
_	On the day that Carolyn's son is born, Emilia takes William to the park and gives him a boat that was given to her when she was his age, she then says, "I love you William" and he replies "I know."
_	The other cosmic being makes it so and John starts to narrate his own life from the day that his father Alfred (Fred) Lennon decides to leave John and his mother Julia Lennon.
_	The Orc figure is connected to the pillar of fire that is seen at night and Urizen is the pillar of cloud during the day that, in Blake, confuses them.
_	"Qui peut vivre sans amour?" became available as a digital download from the album on the day that "Sans attendre" was released.
_	(From the news reports broadcast on the day that Princess Diana died.)
_	Kira Kozu is a samurai that was a former comrade of Yijiro until the day that he betrayed the Ishida Clan and became a Rōnin with plans to take over Japan.
_	The story tells of seventeen-year-old Calvin—who was born on the day that "Calvin and Hobbes" ended, and who has now been diagnosed with schizophrenia—and his hallucination of Hobbes, his childhood stuffed tiger.
_	On the day that Johnny was set to be released from the hospital, Jennifer fell ill herself and was diagnosed with viral pneumonia.
_	On the day that the email was posted to Yahoo!, the company's market cap fell by over 22% from a high of $1.5 billion USD.
_	The suspension was backdated to the 14 March 2017, the day that he was initially provisionally suspended.
_	He continued to perform with his group "Conjunto Típico" until February 1, 1979, the day that he died in the city of San Juan.
_	The paper received so many threats the day that the story appeared that editor Wade Williams called to tell her to go into hiding.
_	The municipality was named after Saint Sebastian because of the day that the Américo Vespúcio expedition sailed through the channel between the city and Ilhabela – January 20, 1502.
_	Inevitably, Douglas MacArthur also wished for a military career for his son, writing "I hope that God will let me live to see the day that young Arthur MacArthur is sworn in on The Plain as a plebe at West Point".
_	On a feast was arranged, to mark Scott's 43rd birthday; a second celebration on marked Midwinter Day, the day that marks the midpoint of the long polar night.
_	This involves an analysis of the horoscope of the stock on the day that the earnings are announced.
_	Jim Cox reported that auditions for the "Trent" role occurred the day that "Foyle" (on which Stevens played the title role) had its final broadcast.
_	On the day that Federation was completed and Australia created, 1 January 1901, Garran was made a Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) "in recognition of services in connection with the Federation of Australian Colonies and the establishment of the Commonwealth of Australia", and was appointed secretary and Permanent Head of the Attorney-General's Department by the first Attorney-General of Australia, Alfred Deakin.
_	Sister Ulicia is also visited by this figure, and is told that the time to open the Boxes has been reset to one year from the first day of winter-the day that Nicci set the Boxes into motion under Richard's name.
_	It's also the day that Ronnie is due to be woken up from her coma; doctors are successful when she starts breathing on her own, and an overwhelmed Roxy Mitchell (Rita Simons) tells Charlie Cotton (Declan Bennett) not to breathe a word of their recent affair; Ronnie awakens as the conversation happens.
_	On the day that World War II broke out, the Duke of Wellington was quoted as blaming the conflict on "anti-appeasers and the fucking Jews".
_	Efforts were made to tackle fundamental problems with the computers of the day that had the capacity of a modern digital wrist watch.
_	"Kingpin" would prove to be Xatrix's last game; on the day that "Kingpin" shipped, Xatrix Entertainment ceased to exist.
_	This was the day that the plotters had chosen for their coup attempt.
_	The SOHR reported by the end of the day that the rebels also took the Qussad military checkpoint.
_	It is Thursday, the day that Torquemada goes out to tend the municipal clocks, so Ramiro must wait.
_	After the start of World War II, Willson, who had served on Admiral Mayo's staff with Ernest J. King became the chief of staff to King in his role as Commander in Chief, U.S. Fleet (COMINCH) on 30 December 1941, Willson, taking office the day that King assumed that command.
_	Lapraik enlisted in the Highland Light Infantry on 3 September 1939, the day that war was declared against Germany.
_	Ironically, on the day that Bolton played Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium in the league, they were drawn to play them away in the next round on 25 October.
_	During these years 60 and 70 Cultural and Jupiter were united even in the smallest details; There were card modalities to be members of both clubs, discounts, games that were played in a row, training and preseason joint and what they liked most in the hobby: it was usual for the Cultural to coincide outside the home the day that Jupiter did As local, so that both parties were put at the same time so that, while the fans saw the Jupiter, they would listen by the radio the party of the Cultural.
_	On the day that the government annulled the elections, police surrounded the home of Dr. Carlos Luis Valverde, where Ulate was and Figueres had been only moments before.
_	Jimmy Fallon was chosen to replace O'Brien, a choice that executive producer Lorne Michaels had in mind dating back to the day that Fallon left "Saturday Night Live" in 2004.
_	In 1967 she was exiled to a barren island by the military junta on the day that it took power.
_	To arrive at the correct date, instructs counting seven weeks from the day after the day of rest of Passover, the day that they brought the sheaf of barley for waving.
_	In the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, the feast is known as "Timkat" and is celebrated on the day that the Gregorian calendar calls January 19, but on January 20 in years when Enkutatash in the Ethiopian calendar falls on Gregorian September 12 (i.e. when the following February in the Gregorian calendar will have 29 days).
_	Jefferson's letter went on with the same heat to a much quoted passage about "the day that France takes possession of New Orleans."
_	On the day that Israel and the Palestinian Authority resumed peace talks after a three-year hiatus, Palestinians launched a rocket into the Sha'ar Hanegev Regional Council, triggering sirens in the region.
_	The station began airing "Mike and Mike in the Morning" on April 20, 2015, on the day that former ESPN affiliate WPEN started a local morning show with former WIP host Anthony Gargano.
