_	He wrote to Secretary of the Treasury Oliver Wolcott, Jr., September 26, 1800: "The Senate, my good friend, "and I said so at the time", ought never to have ratified the treaty alluded to, with the declaration that 'the government of the United States, is not, "in any sense", founded on the Christian religion.'
_	This was only revealed in 2012, along with the declaration that he had changed his name to Muhammad Hussain Inoki.
_	J made the declaration that, in the eyes of the law, an act is the cause of a situation if, according to human experience, the situation will flow from the act.
_	The G8 leaders also stated in the declaration that they agreed on the importance of a strong and cohesive eurozone for global stability and recovery, and affirmed their interest in Greece remaining in the eurozone while respecting its commitments.
_	In mid-2007, concurrent to the preparation of the radio release of "Stranger", Duff was featured on the July covers of the magazines "Us Weekly" and "Shape" in a bikini, and on the August cover of "Maxim" accompanied by the declaration that she had gone "from the queen of teen to breakout sex symbol".
_	Anne Neville became queen when Richard III ascended the throne in June 1483, following the declaration that Edward IV's children by Elizabeth Woodville were illegitimate.
_	Any qualms that Catholics may have had over killing their neighbors were met with the declaration that such actions were part of a "holy war" and clergy loyal to the Parlement offered dispensation in advance to those who agreed to kill heretics.
_	The conference was viewed as a great success and the declaration that was released was hoped to be a framework for lasting peace.
_	However, her candidacy was disqualified by the Electoral Affairs Commission of the basis that she "cannot possibly comply with the requirements of the relevant electoral laws, since advocating or promoting 'self-determination' is contrary to the content of the declaration that the law requires a candidate to make to uphold the Basic Law and pledge allegiance to the [Hong Kong Special Administrative Region]."
_	opposed the declaration that all men are created equal.
_	Included in the Senate's ratification was the declaration that "the provisions of Article 1 through 27 of the Covenant are not self-executing", and in a Senate Executive Report stated that the declaration was meant to "clarify that the Covenant will not create a private cause of action in U.S. Courts."
_	He sat on several committees, signed the interpellation of 116, and voted for the declaration that launched the Franco-Prussian War.
_	The vibrant art scene that has grown up there in the final decades of the 20th century led to the declaration that the city was one of the 100 best art towns in America.
_	Hearing that she thought Hussain liked her maid, so Shahar Banu with precious clothes and ornaments presented her in honor of her husband with the declaration that “I free the girl and gift you in my love and your likeness.
_	Ash says that Quigley's analysis of the declaration that the Palestinian Authority provided to the International Criminal Court failed to explain a number of key issues.
_	Jefferson Davis defined equality in terms of the equal rights of states, and opposed the declaration that all men are created equal.
_	In 2007, Duff's appearance on the cover of "Maxim" was accompanied by the declaration that she had gone "from the queen of teen to breakout sex symbol."
_	William Penn made the beaches of Cape Henlopen one of the first public lands established in what has become the United States in 1682 with the declaration that Cape Henlopen would be for "the usage of the citizens of Lewes and Sussex County."
_	Between 1983 and 2006, the Catholic Church in Germany and some other countries treated as a formal act of defection from the Catholic Church the declaration that some made to the civil authorities for the purpose of avoiding the extra tax traditionally collected by the state for the benefit of whatever Church the tax-payer was a member of.
_	Despite threats, they opened with the declaration that they were against dictatorship and government intervention in the arts.
_	After opening with the declaration that "the Bible is the infallible Word of God," Whitcomb's section provides biblical arguments for a universal flood as well as attempting to refute non-geological difficulties with the biblical account.
_	This cause materialized in 1964 and resulted in the declaration that the late bishop was Venerable in 1998 after Pope John Paul II confirmed his heroic virtue.
_	On March 9, Livingstone filed lawsuits against the NHA and its clubs, seeking damages, the prevention of the other teams employing his players, forfeiture of the NHA club bonds, the declaration that his team suspension was illegal and the dissolution of the NHA, over its actions.
_	In the first part, the Upanishad opens its thesis with the declaration that liberation (freedom) is possible without the ritual of Agnihotra, the knowledge of Samkhya and Yoga philosophies.
_	In common with Stephen Gardiner, however, he refused in February 1533 to sign the declaration that the marriage with Catharine had been void from the beginning; but shortly afterwards got from the convocation of York an approbation of the grounds of the divorce.
_	Factional struggles, many of which were violent, continued at the local level despite the declaration that the Ninth Congress marked a temporary "victory" for the Cultural Revolution.
_	Included in the Senate's ratification was the declaration that "the provisions of Article 1 through 27 of the Covenant are not self-executing", and in a Senate Executive Report stated that the declaration was meant to "clarify that the Covenant will not create a private cause of action in U.S. Courts."
_	Divided into four books, "Life of Constantine" begins with the declaration that Constantine is immortal.
_	It shifted quickly from reform within existing norms to the declaration that Cuba was a socialist nation.
_	In the 2018 Legislative Council by-election after the qualification, the candidacy of Demosistō standing committee member Agnes Chow, was invalidated by the returning officer as she claimed that "the candidate cannot possibly comply with the requirements of the relevant electoral laws, since advocating or promoting 'self-determination' is contrary to the content of the declaration that the law requires a candidate to make to uphold the Basic Law and pledge allegiance to the [Hong Kong Special Administrative Region]."
_	Perhaps the most famous statement made at the conference was by then-U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger who made the declaration that within 10 years no child would go to bed hungry.
_	There is no command for us to follow the declaration that there is no Guru after Guru Granth Sahib.
_	His next gaffe [the first being the October 2004 controversy] was the declaration that Israel's cruelty could be explained by the fact that the Old Testament is full of justification of bloody deeds by the ancient Hebrews.
_	She had previously not had enough delegates, and the declaration that she had clinched the nomination was based on a survey of superdelegates, not on votes.
_	At the March 1936 Congress of the Coast and Four Districts, the Muslim leadership at this conference made the declaration that Lebanon was an Arab country, indistinguishable from its Arab neighbors.
_	An occupation lasting 6 months led to the declaration that Carrickmines Castle was a National Monument and granting of a Supreme Court injunction that postponed the completion of the M50 motorway for two years.
_	They share an awkward moment of both having something to say to the other; Carter begins with the declaration that Sarah's husband is "out of his mind".
_	"Time" contributor James Poniewozik observed that "the best bits" from this episode were "Teddy Ruxpin the lawyer; the declaration that 'I, Bertram Geiss, am still Daddy's fancy boy'; and, especially, the show's treatment of the Green Is Universal mandate."
_	The anti-commercial Hayes flatly rejected this proposal with the declaration that "there's too much golden light around Lookout right now," adding that work on his label of love had come to feel "too much like a job."
_	In 1662 he was one of the judges who refused to take the declaration that the National Covenant and the Solemn League and Covenant were unlawful oaths, and, forestalling the deposition which had been threatened as the penalty of continued non-compliance, he placed his resignation in the king's hands.
_	"The Moving Picture World" opened with the declaration that, "When this picture is past, the wonder will linger long in the memory whether the wife would have loved her husband just the same if she had seen him in the short time when her affliction was alleviated.
_	Saul makes the declaration that King Rat is not the one true leader of all rats and he is not Prince Rat, but he is one of them, Citizen Rat.
_	The term voucher is also a synonym for receipt and is often used to refer to receipts used as evidence of, for example, the declaration that a service has been performed or that an expenditure has been made.
_	It was accepted by the Assembly on 21 August; not, however, before it had been decided to accompany the constitution with the declaration that, "the papal constitutions are binding on the whole Church when they have been accepted by the bishops", thus making it appear that ' received its binding force by the acceptance of the bishops.
_	Scotland under the Commonwealth is the history of the Kingdom of Scotland between the declaration that the kingdom was part of the Commonwealth of England in February 1652, and the Restoration of the monarchy with Scotland regaining its position as an independent kingdom, in June 1660.
_	Stephen Douglas also charged Lincoln with a lack of consistency when speaking on the issue of racial equality, and cited Lincoln's previous statements that the declaration that all men are created equal applies to blacks as well as whites.
_	This promise included the declaration that "Under no circumstances should other [non-Mongol ethnic groups] be allowed to occupy the land of the Inner Mongolian nation".
_	William Penn made the beaches of Cape Henlopen one of the first public lands established in what has become the United States in 1682 with the declaration that Cape Henlopen would be for "the usage of the citizens of Lewes and Sussex County."
_	Support for De Ambris's position eventually ebbed and he gave in; the declaration that was finally unanimously accepted contained a number of references to the overthrow of the state.
_	2002 - took over the coaching reins following Fremantle's 2001 wooden spoon season and the declaration that the club had a $8 million debt.
_	The expression "purging all meats" may have meant the digestion and elimination of food from the body rather than the declaration that all foods were kosher.
_	"Colored Spade", which introduces the character Hud, a militant black male, is a long list of racial slurs ("jungle bunny... little black sambo") topped off with the declaration that Hud is the "president of the United States of love".
_	The Court of Appeal made the declaration that the resolution of the "Falekaupule" of 4 July 2003 was contrary to the Constitution.
_	And then Styopa terrifies his mother with the declaration that he wants to sleep and is going to bed.
_	One of the most notable causes of juvenile delinquency is fiat, i.e. the declaration that a juvenile is delinquent by the juvenile court system without any trial, and upon finding only probable cause.
_	Asquith signed the declaration that took Britain into the First World War here.
_	In 1991, the "Post" was lead plaintiff in an ACLU-supported action against the University of Wisconsin Regents which resulted in the declaration that the university's campus speech codes were unconstitutional.
_	The church's canonized Doctrine and Covenants continues to contain the declaration that the church is the "only true and living church".
_	The name of the game originated from the Italian word "Tutti" (all), the declaration that a player announces when holding the four kings.
_	In his first two years of marriage, Byng's wife suffered several miscarriages, resulting in the declaration that she would be unable to bear children.
_	After meeting with religious leaders on September 9, the Government reversed course and announced they would make a partial appeal of the ruling, specifically appealing the declaration that the Constitution prohibits discrimination based on sexual orientation.
_	According to a legend Anawrahta, the first of the great builders of Bagan, selected the site for building this pagoda by sending a white elephant mounted with a frontal bone relic of the Buddha to roam freely with the declaration that wherever the elephant stopped would be the site for building the pagoda.
_	It is possible that the whole of the Kendal property may have been already placed in the name of his son, and therefore did not appear in the declaration that was made on the decease of the father, or there may have been some way of avoiding a declaration as to the value of his landed estate.
_	The account ends with the declaration that "Enki determined the nature of the grasses" and "had them know it in their hearts."
_	In 1996, Ogasawara was the third draft pick selected by the Fighters in the 1996 Nippon Professional Baseball Draft where he made the declaration that he would become a "player that can contest for batting titles."
_	With the declaration that the slaves within the Confederacy are freed ("Born to be Free" (reprise)), everything is in scarce supply during 1864.
_	A letter to August Derleth, another three years later, contains the declaration that Howard wished to die while still young and strong.
_	The report suggests that many aspects of the case may "never see the light of day" due to the significant risk to UK/Russian relations and the implications of the declaration that an act of nuclear terrorism took place on British soil.
_	Among other events, she co-chaired ConCussion, the 2006 Eastercon, with Simon Bradshaw; and was director of program for Anticipation and the Montreal World Science Fiction Convention in 2009; She was on the convention committee of Loncon 3, the 72nd World Science Fiction Convention, until she resigned over the declaration that Jonathan Ross would be master of ceremonies for the presentation of the Hugo Awards; she remained division head for the convention's exhibits hall.
_	In June 1642, Seymour signed the declaration that the king had no intention of war.
_	This document is now generally accepted to have been a fabrication, validating the declaration that Zinoviev made in a letter dated 27 October 1924:
_	In mid-2007, concurrent to the preparation of the radio release of "Stranger", Duff was featured in a bikini on the July covers of the magazines "Us Weekly" and "Shape", and on the August cover of "Maxim" accompanied by the declaration that she had gone "from the queen of teen to breakout sex symbol".
_	In opposition to such views, Arabism was affirmed at the March 1936 Congress of the Coast and Four Districts, when the Muslim leadership at the conference made the declaration that Lebanon was an Arab country, indistinguishable from its Arab neighbors.
_	He then moved on to a blistering attack on Gaitskell, including the declaration that "I cannot conceal the scorn and contempt for the part that the Leader of the Opposition has played in this."
_	The singer was on ‘Restoration with Stacy’, where she made the declaration that left the host flabbergasted.
_	Nine months after the declaration that the laws would be rewritten, the re-education through labor system had not been abolished; in December 2007, a group of academics drafted an open letter to the government calling for an end to the system.
_	In the 2018 Legislative Council by-elections for the four seats left vacant by the disqualified legislators over the oath-taking controversy, three candidates were disqualified by the Electoral Affairs Commission (EAC) returning officers, including Demosistō's Agnes Chow on the basis of that she "cannot possibly comply with the requirements of the relevant electoral laws, since advocating or promoting 'self-determination' is contrary to the content of the declaration that the law requires a candidate to make to uphold the Basic Law and pledge allegiance to the [Hong Kong Special Administrative Region]."
_	It was probably here that Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma and Governor of the Netherlands, signed the declaration that made William the Silent, leader of the Dutch Revolt, an outlaw.
_	From the very first section of the Act that institutionalized the FCC was the declaration that these services would not be withheld on the basis of "race, color, religion, national origin, or sex"
_	Prior to the first game of the season, Harrison Browne of the Buffalo Beauts made the declaration that he was a transgender athlete.
_	On 18 July 1947, Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma, the King of Travancore, on advise of the Diwan, made the declaration that, Travancore will announce sovereignty on the 26 August.
_	The by-election was caused by the declaration that the result of the contest in Maidstone at the general election of 1900 was void.
_	Midnighter returned with the declaration that the program was "Not so special."
_	In a 4–3 ruling, the Court struck down anti-sodomy laws in effect since 1860, declaring them unconstitutional under Kentucky law with the declaration that it violated both the right to privacy and the right to equal protection under the law found in the Kentucky Constitution.
_	On 4 May 1990 he voted in favor of the declaration that restored the independence of the Republic of Latvia.
_	On 2 February 2009 the government responded with the declaration that they intend to construct a new neighbourhood in an existing settlement for the evacuees of the Migron outpost.
_	The pivotal step in founding the theory of Gestalt qualities was the declaration that if memory images of successive tones are present as a simultaneous consciousness-complex, then a presentation of new category can arise in consciousness.
_	Despite the declaration that the city had fallen, fighting continued on 15 and 16 March, as German units cleared the remnants of resistance in the tractor works factory complex, in the southern outskirts of the city.
_	However, it was announced by the Returning Officer shortly after the declaration that a counting error had taken place and, following a High Court recount, Ebanks was removed as Councillor on 26 July 2006 and replaced by Labour candidate Catherine Grundy.
_	It was through the declaration that the church received funds for a major reconstruction.
_	When Hurley returned to Chunking, Chiang was furious with the declaration that Hurley had signed without even informing Chiang.
_	Mao called Chiang a "turtle's egg" (an extremely insulting term in China) and threatened to publish the declaration that Mao and Hurley had signed.
_	Also he did not support the declaration that King Poniatowski is not the legitimate king of Poland, he nonetheless supported Frederick Augustus I of Saxony as a counter-candidate.
_	On 27 January, her candidacy was invalidated by the returning officer as she claimed that "the candidate cannot possibly comply with the requirements of the relevant electoral laws, since advocating or promoting 'self-determination' is contrary to the content of the declaration that the law requires a candidate to make to uphold the Basic Law and pledge allegiance to the [Hong Kong Special Administrative Region]."
_	Mrs. Judd's story included the declaration that a physician, who has since committed suicide, was summoned to the murder bungalow to aid in the disposal of the bodies.'"
_	Ahmadinejad's outspoken pronouncements in foreign affairs included personal letters to a number of world leaders including one to American president George W. Bush inviting him to "monotheism and justice", an open letter to the American people, the declaration that there were no homosexuals in Iran,
_	When Ray found himself unable to subscribe as required by the ‘Bartholomew Act’ of 1662 he, along with 13 other college fellows, resigned his fellowship on 24 August 1662 rather than swear to the declaration that the Solemn League and Covenant was not binding on those who had taken it.
_	Compton reestablished the Washington University football team, making the declaration that athletics were to be henceforth played on a "strictly amateur" basis with no athletic scholarships.
_	In substance, the PCPCU and the Lutheran World Federation acknowledge in the declaration that the excommunications relating to the doctrine of justification set forth by the Council of Trent do not apply to the teachings of the Lutheran churches set forth in the text; likewise, the churches acknowledged that the condemnations set forth in the Lutheran Confessions do not apply to the Catholic teachings on justification set forth in the document.
_	It has not been revealed exactly what tests were taken or what criteria used to assess the authenticity of the "Amarna Princess", beyond the declaration that provenance played "a vital part in the authentication because there was nothing to compare it with," apart from the Louvre Princess, although in her analysis Angela Thomas, the Egyptology curator of the Bolton Museum, mentioned various other statues from the era as well, most notably the Penn Museum princess.
_	The Asturian rising brings forth the declaration that 'the conduct of the army was magnificent and the rebellion crushed step by step.'
_	The Court of Appeal made the declaration that the resolution of the "Falekaupule" of 4 July 2003 was contrary to the Constitution.
_	Along with the declaration that emigration could result in the loss of active citizenship, article 6 established the Assembly’s right to sequester first class émigrés’ revenues and article 11 classified émigré soldiers as deserters.
_	He ends this prophecy with the declaration that God will one day renew the covenant, and will take Israel back in love.
_	In an action on a bill of exchange, which had not been protested for non-payment, it is not necessary to aver in the declaration that the bill had been protested for non-acceptance.
_	Much later in 1987, the declaration that education shall be a right for every citizen was added to the Constitution.
_	So the landlord was entitled to the declaration that the contract was binding.
_	He was the sole surviving Executor of the Will of his father-in-law, William Greaves, another Newcastle businessman, when he signed the declaration that all affairs to do with that estate were now complete, 18 May 1907.
_	There are a number of articles in the declaration that have been suggested to specifically pertain to transgender people and violence (including, but not limited to, physical, psychological, legal, systemic, emotional, and political violence), although LGBT rights are not explicitly outlined in the document.
_	President Kenneth Kaunda of Zambia said a few days after the declaration that Savimbi had agreed to leave Angola and go into exile, a claim Mobutu, Savimbi, and the U.S. government disputed.
_	Malka also made the declaration that discussion should be encouraged with different points of view, saying that people on the website have been "driven out, character assassinated, labeled traitor for not sounding angry enough, or for not being entirely on board with ostracizing someone else for the same reasons."
_	India signed the convention on 30 July 1980 but made the declaration that, because of the nation's size and population, it's impractical to have a registration of marriages.
_	Despite the declaration that the city had fallen, fighting continued on 15 and 16 March, as German units cleared the remnants of resistance in the tractor works factory complex, in the southern outskirts of the city.
_	According to Kei Wakaizumi, one of Sato's policy advisers, Sato realized soon after making the declaration that it might be too constraining.
_	The Upanishad opens with the declaration that a body is a composite of "pṛiṭhvī" or earth and four primordial elements ("mahābhūṭas") – agni or fire, vayu or air, apas or water, and akasha or cosmic space.
_	The cards themselves were numbered 6 through 23, as five promotional cards had already been printed, and continued the declaration that all foils printed in 2004 would carry the Tenth Anniversary logo.
_	However, Canon 1137 states that children born to a "putative" marriage (defined in Canon 1061, sec. 3 as one that is not valid but was entered into in good faith by at least one spouse) are legitimate; therefore, the declaration that a marriage is null does not render the children of that marriage illegitimate.
_	When the horse was wandering in the jungle of now Baripur village of Bhadohi, the two sons of Sita captured the horse according to the declaration that was tagged on the forehead of the horse.
_	Chaney's grade of "A−" came with the declaration that "this may have been Finn at his absolute best" and Futterman said he did "a surprisingly decent Meatloaf"; Futterman added that the "already theatrical song is somehow made better by the show choir arrangement".
_	President Kenneth Kaunda of Zambia said a few days after the declaration that Savimbi had agreed to leave Angola and go into exile, a claim Mobutu, Savimbi, and the U.S. government disputed.
_	However, his lack of contact with his family led to the declaration that he was legally dead in 2000; as a result, when he returned to Japan to visit family in 2006, he had to enter his homeland on a Ukrainian passport.
_	On 27 January 2018, her candidacy was disqualified by the Electoral Affairs Commission on the basis of that she "cannot possibly comply with the requirements of the relevant electoral laws, since advocating or promoting 'self-determination' is contrary to the content of the declaration that the law requires a candidate to make to uphold the Basic Law and pledge allegiance to the [Hong Kong Special Administrative Region]."
_	They also echoed the declaration that this was the best tennis game available up until that point.
_	On 7 October, Manchester United were cleared of wrongdoing by a judge appointed by FIFA, with the declaration that Pogba was not contractually linked to Le Havre.
_	These objections were then answered by Vatsyayana, with the declaration that kama is as necessary to human beings as food, and kama is holistic with dharma and artha.
_	In contrast with the more expansive live work that had been recently released, this album was denser, with long songs describing a man building a park that nobody else could go to ("The Park") to extremely harsh blasts at various individuals, finishing with the declaration that he will "not fall into your stinking hole."
_	It opened not with matters of belief, but with the declaration that ""Judaism is the historical religious experience of the Jewish People"".
_	Despite the declaration that all power emanates from the people, the document kept political power in the hands of the male citizens who met a minimum property requirement.
_	Serbia announced before the declaration that it would withdraw its ambassador from any state which recognised independent Kosovo.
_	To address this, Proposition 22 did not reword the existing provisions of the Family Code, but added to them the declaration that "only marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognized in California".
_	In 1964 he held the post of Ratmalana District Committee secretary of the party and was one of 116 signatories to the declaration that marked the definitive split of the party into two groups.
_	It was also the first stock market in the United States to trade online, highlighting Nasdaq-traded companies and closing with the declaration that the Nasdaq Stock Market is "the stock market for the next hundred years".
_	The Accession Declaration Act 1910 is an Act which was passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom to alter the declaration that the Sovereign is required to make at his or her accession to the throne as first required by the Bill of Rights of 1689.
_	A radical solipsism emerges that sees all conscious and unconscious life as part of one dream where meaning-making becomes completely associative"; it also includes the declaration that the ultimate goal of mankind is (or should be) the bombardment and destruction of the planet Saturn (which hoped-for event was depicted on the book's cover).
_	Furthermore, the declaration that a state has "failed" is generally controversial and, when made authoritatively, may carry significant geopolitical consequences.
_	It deals with a grand pair of American game fishes which had received scant attention from angling authors; not more than had been accorded to the perch and similar fish until Henshall made the declaration that: "Pound for pound, the black bass is the gamiest fish that swims."
_	Specifically, the Appeals Court found that “in choosing to distribute outrageous remarks, and most notably the declaration that buying an Israeli product amounts to killing a Palestinian child with a bullet, Zemor incited hatred and violence.”
_	The Assembly in 1838 adjourned with the declaration that the provinces were free to rule themselves as the Federal Republic dissolved.
