_	General Saygun denied the accusations of the court with the defense that at that time he had taken orders to make arrangements for the conversion of the unit into a high readiness force headquarters assigned to NATO only.
_	On 11 November 2016, the High Court in the city of Bulawayo threw out the charges against Bronkhorst, agreeing with the defense that it could not have been a crime under the country's wildlife laws if Palmer had a legal permit to hunt.
_	Gary L. Lancaster dropped the charges, agreeing with the defense that the federal anti-obscenity statutes were unconstitutional, as they violated a person's fundamental right to possess and view whatever they want in the privacy of their own home.
_	In the third quarter Henry ran in for his second touchdown of the day, but it was the defense that came up big late as linebackers London Fletcher and Eddie Robinson stopped Stewart on a 4th and 1 with under two minutes to go.
_	Bill C-49 amended the Criminal Code provisions that govern the admissibility of evidence of sexual activity; refined the definition of consent to a sexual act; and restricted the defense that an accused had an honest but mistaken belief that the accuser had consented.
_	Isocrates also does not make any attempt to offer evidence in his favor, yet presents the defense that he is a good teacher to his students as the full defense for the crime that he has committed.
_	Hyman Lubinsky testified for the defense that he saw Lizzie leaving the barn at 11:03 am and Charles Gardner confirmed the time.
_	Speaking to Miers's lack of credentials, the White House quickly advanced the defense that 41 of the 110 Supreme Court Justices appointed to date had never served as a judge prior to their nomination.
_	Stark's men, who did not arrive until after Howe landed his forces (and thus filled a gap in the defense that Howe could have taken advantage of, had he pressed his attack sooner), took positions along the breastwork on the northern end of the colonial position.
_	He played 84 games in his college career at St. John's without scoring a goal; as a senior in 2009 he anchored the defense that registered a school-record and nation-leading 16 shutouts.
_	The influx of people did not provide the defense that Mexico had hoped for and instead Texas declared its independence in 1836, which lasted until 1845 when the U.S. annexed it.
_	In most United States jurisdictions, the defense that the act was a factual impossibility is not a valid defense.
_	The psychiatrist Dorothy Otnow Lewis, who had interviewed him at length, testified for the defense that she believed that he was a paranoid schizophrenic and unfit to stand trial.
_	When the offense runs a pass play, it is their job to guard the quarterback from the defense that are rushing.
_	The Huskies hit their first nine shots, but it was the defense that impressed coach Auriemma as the team held the Blue Demons without a basket for almost 6 minutes.
_	Paul Kish, Barton Epstein, Paulette Sutton, Barrie Goetz and Stuart H. James testified for the defense that the stains were transferred from his shirt brushing against his daughter's hair.
_	In Australian federal law, it is not a requirement for the defense that a mistake was reasonably held.
_	He remarked to the defense that they probably wouldn't appreciate the prosecutor making statements to the media about why the defendant should be found guilty.
_	Constant's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting.
_	It was alleged by the defense that his report was rushed due to workload and his impending vacation.
_	The four towers of the fortified church - the shoemakers, tailors, blacksmiths and coopers - demonstrates the economic strength of these guilds, and were assigned to the defense that those portions of the wall in case of armed conflict.
_	Behenna's appeal, argued that the government failed to disclose Brady material in the form of the prosecution's forensic analyst Herbert MacDonell's statements to the defense that his analysis of the wounds corroborated Behenna's accounting of the shooting as being self-defense, was rejected in a 3–2 decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces on July 5, 2012.
_	Also, other evidence turned up after the DNA tests showed that the prosecutor, Ken Anderson had withheld other evidence from the defense that would have excluded Morton from the crime.
_	Her fight for women in politics has always been on the defense that there are fewer women in politics today not because of social and cultural barriers but due to the indifference of national leadership to women rights issues which have been place in the periphery of national life.
_	The close collaboration between Siemowit I and the Teutonic Order (expressed, for example, in the defense that the Masovian ruler made for the Order before Pope Alexander IV, who accuses them of cruelty in 1258), didn't produce the expected results.
_	As a result of Joy's affidavit and claims by the defense that prosecutorial misconduct caused an unfair trial, Judge Sullivan ordered a hearing to be held on February 13, 2009, to determine whether a new trial should be ordered.
_	He frequently defended prostitutes and keepers of houses of prostitution; in 1896 taking the defense that his client, Gladys Bush, be allowed her business or that every similar house be closed.
_	During the jury instructions, Judge Morley did not charge the jury with the exemptions to the New Jersey law despite arguments by the defense that Aitken met one of the exemptions and was therefore innocent of the charges.
_	Dr. Park Dietz and Dr. Daryl Matthews testified for the defense that he was insane, citing the delusions about how others were tampering with his fish.
_	After initially being banned for three months, the ban was overturned on the defense that neither McKay nor the doctor who had prescribed him a flu remedy where aware that the banned substance was contained in the medicine.
_	The appeals court also agreed with the defense that in the interest of justice, subsequent proceedings should take place in front of a different judge.
_	Once the lightning ended though, it was the defense that struck down Weber offense.
_	The offense would score four touchdowns against Weber's D over roughly 110-plays, but it was the defense that controlled the game according to the coaches.
_	Jubal Early assumed by the ferocity of the defense that he was fighting the entire VI Corps.
_	Many celebrated criminal cases have rested solely on the defense that the defendant did not commit the crime—for example, O.J. Simpson, Robert Blake, and Michael Jackson all claimed that they simply had not committed the acts charged.
_	In the end, it was the defense that came through when Tracy Porter intercepted and returned 74 yards for a touchdown to seal the win and the first Super Bowl title for the New Orleans Saints in their 44-year existence.
_	Despite the Super Bowl win, there were many who attributed Gruden's win primarily to the defense that coach Tony Dungy and defensive coordinator Monte Kiffin had created during Dungy's tenure with the Buccaneers.
_	It found the patent valid and rejected the defense that Barber committed patent misuse by engaging in a tie-in of unpatented supplies, in violation of the rule set out in "Carbice Corporation v. American Patents Development Corporation".
_	However, if a person is accused of a crime which he is likely to have committed (in the case of a larger man attacking a smaller man), he can also use the defense that it is unlikely that he did it, for the very reason that it appears too probable.
_	John Nagle, an independent computer scientist, and Dorothy Denning, a computer security expert, testified for the defense that the text file stolen from BellSouth, as published by Neidorf, actually contained nothing of value for breaking into systems.
_	She was a part of the defense that allowed three goals in all seven games and recorded five consecutive shut outs.
_	For example, questions about access to claim forms would preclude the defense that another individual filled out the fraudulent documents.
_	Little was the first woman in United States history to be acquitted using the defense that she used deadly force to resist sexual assault.
_	Despite this - and despite the fact that Junkin was not part of the defense that gave back 24 points in less than a half - Junkin took full responsibility and said that the Giants lost this game because of him.
_	Rammell appealed the case using the defense that he did not have criminal intent and had made a simple mistake.
_	In the trial, the five Cayuse who had surrendered used the defense that it is tribal law to kill the medicine man who gives bad medicine.
_	Wesson was represented by public defenders Peter Jones and Ralph Torres, presented the defense that his 25-year-old daughter Sebhrenah, whose 18-month-old son Marshey (Wesson's own son "and" grandson) was killed as well, had herself committed the murders, and then subsequently committed suicide.
_	It also rejected the defense that the associated product must meet certain standards since competitors must be given the opportunity to meet them.
_	She told the defense that George Anthony had told her that Caylee's death was "an accident that snowballed out of control."
_	Perfecto was not hesitant in insisting upon judicial review over acts of the executive or legislative branches of government, even against the defense that the issues raised were political questions.
_	Judge Thokozile Masipa agreed to a request for the evaluation by prosecutor Gerrie Nel after forensic psychiatrist Merryll Vorster testified for the defense that she had diagnosed Pistorius with generalized anxiety disorder.
_	While both teams were known throughout the season to be strong offenses, it was the defense that controlled the game early on for both sides.
_	The due diligence defense is the defense that most auditors raise, even though it is difficult for auditors to prove their innocence.
_	On February 25, 2010, Judge Fogel issued a ruling rejecting several of Universal's affirmative defenses, including the defense that Lenz suffered no damages.
_	Maffesoli did state during the defense that he had tried to keep Teissier focused on the sociological impact of astrology rather than discussing its scientific legitimacy, while still maintaining that the thesis demonstrated sufficient sociological significance to justify awarding the doctorate.
_	It was revealed at the end of the defense that senior referee Rick Knox had been paid by the Bucks to fix their recent bouts.
_	That trial was postponed after the court informed the defense that they had forgotten to send out jury summonses.
_	Their attorneys were claiming that in the former trial it wasn't revealed to the defense that key witness James Griffin, a former gang member, had testified under an immunity agreement with the U.S. Attorney's Office.
_	The tribunal rejected the contention of the defense that such acts had not previously been defined as crimes under international law and that therefore the condemnation of the defendants would violate the principle of justice prohibiting ex post facto punishments.
_	The move would leave a gaping hole at running back, but it was the defense that was a greater weak spot as the Oilers finished with a 3–13 record, allowing 457 points on the season.
_	The pharmaceutical companies involved in the suit were seeking to invalidate the case by appealing to the United States Court of Appeals 8th Circuit under the defense that non-US companies were not persons as defined under the Clayton and Sherman acts, making them ineligible to seek treble damages in the U.S. court system.
_	The police did not inform the defense that a witness, Marvin Simpson, heard shots and identified four men running from the murder scene - Arthur Robinson, Juan Rodriguez, Ira and Dennis Johnson (these four were later found to be the real killers).
_	Despite raising the defense that the Green Berets were committing war crimes in Vietnam, Levy lost on appeal in "Parker v. Levy", 417 US 733 (1974).
_	The government only publishes their verdict, and never the appeal from the defense that they are denying, why the defense position is never reported objectively in official documents or state-controlled media.
_	Despite the low number of sacks (5.5), they put great pressure on opposing quarterbacks (76 recorded pressures) and helped anchor the defense that was equipped with playmakers such as 2004 1st round draft pick Dunta Robinson, former Ravens Linebacker Jamie Sharper, and Veteran Defensive Backs Aaron Glenn and Marcus Coleman.
_	The Cowboys would go on to lose four of the last five games of the season, and while Meredith's inexperience would prove costly at times, it was the defense that was the main culprit, allowing 446 yards or more over five of the last six games.
_	As the trial takes place, the prosecutor finds ordinary members of the public who find the book grossly offensive (one of whom admits on cross-examination by the defense that she cannot even repeat out loud one of the words used in the book to describe what the female protagonist was doing in bed with her lover), while the defense finds professionals in academia and the media who attest to the book's value as literature.
_	In the fourth quarter, Succop gave the Chiefs the lead with a 46-yard and a 24-yard field, but it was the defense that closed the game out for Kansas City, as DE/OLB Tamba Hali sacked quarterback Todd Collins in his own end zone for a safety with under a minute to play.
_	The Nuremberg trials established that persons cannot use the defense that they were only following the orders of their superiors, if that order violates international norms but especially that superiors who ordered or "should have known" of such violations yet failed to intervene are also criminally liable.
_	Hagenbach offered the defense that he was just following orders, but this defense was rejected and he was convicted of war crimes and beheaded.
_	She was part of the defense that held opponents scoreless for a record 540 minutes and helped lead the United States to become 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup champions.
_	It was argued by the defense that the target population itself would still have a higher chance of exposure to lead poisoning regardless whether the study was implemented or not.
_	Accordingly, the rule in that case "must no longer prevail against the defense that a combination patent is being used to protect an unpatented part from competition."
_	After the prosecution announced that they would seek the death penalty, a federal judge also rejected a claim by the defense that prosecutors waited too long to announce they would seek the death penalty.
_	Even had the jury believed the defense that Czolgosz was insane, by claiming that no sane man would have shot and killed the president in such a public and blatant manner, knowing he would be caught, there was still the legal definition of insanity to be overcome.
_	Not far into the trial's penalty phase, the jurors saw, at last, the defense that Manson — in the prosecution's view — had planned to present.
_	In a hearing before the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, the professor of anesthesia from Harvard Medical School testified for the defense that pentobarbital might not succeed in preventing "severe, excruciating pain".
_	Much to the fury of Grynszpan who wanted to use the defense that he killed Rath because he was a Jew, Grynszpan's French lawyer Vincent de Moro-Giafferi wanted to use as the defense the allegation that Rath was a homosexual who had seduced Grynszpan, and that Grynszpan had killed Rath as a part of a lover's quarrel.
_	Carlson writes that the prosecution produced 70 photographs of dirty conditions and injured monkeys, while researchers who had worked in the lab testified for the defense that they had never seen the lab looking like that.
_	On February 25, 2010, Judge Fogel issued a ruling rejecting several of Universal's affirmative defenses, including the defense that Lenz suffered no damages, though the court did suggest that at that stage in the proceedings, Lenz's damages seemed nominal.
_	But it was primarily the defense that saved the season for the Browns.
_	As a senior, he started every game for the defense that led the Big East with only 12.9 points per game allowed.
_	A control order, rather than a destruction order, was imposed as the magistrates accepted the defense that Ms. Langridge's dog's aggressive behaviour was attributable to the effects of the shock collar.
_	During the sentencing phase, a psychologist testified for the defense that Eddie "had a diminished level of self-control due to dysfunction in his prefrontal cortex".
_	Typically, this law is invoked by prosecutors to limit the argument by the defense that the victim is the "type of person" who is more likely to engage in sexual activity; however, the law also bars prosecutors from presenting the same type of evidence.
_	Some argue that it is more importantly also a reference to the defense that St Paul made before the Areopagus in Athens against charges of promulgating foreign gods and strange teachings, as recorded in .
_	In 2002, just as he did in 2000, he started in every game for the Titans and was part of the defense that limited their opponents to 89.0 rushing yards per game.
_	The following season, he was a regular starter for the Steelers, and was an integral part of the defense that led them to Super Bowl XXX against the Dallas Cowboys.
_	Larry Layton, who had fired a gun at several people aboard the Cessna, was initially found not guilty of attempted murder in a Guyanese court, employing the defense that he was "brainwashed".
_	Stevens likewise rejected the defense that the television plan was designed to protect live attendance, stating " The NCAA's argument that its television plan is necessary to protect live attendance is not based on a desire to maintain the integrity of college football as a distinct and attractive product, but rather on a fear that the product will not prove sufficiently attractive to draw live attendance when faced with competition from televised games."
