_	From Siirala's point of view there is not a single cause but rather a net of causes: hence his opposition to what he called 'the delusion that we have reduced diseases to mere object-things, entities that can be studied in isolation...the delusion of reductive reification'.
_	For delusions, he advised using the delusion against itself, for example: "Should he have the delusion that "he must vomit to rid his stomach of frogs, give him an emetic and have one of the assistants artfully place frogs in the basin into which the patient vomits.
_	Writing for "Film Philosophy", Emma Bell points out that the characters in "Inception" do not literally time-travel, "rather they escape time by being "stricken" in itbuilding the delusion that time has not passed, and is not passing now.
_	The story concerns a man who is confined to a mental institution because he is suffering from the delusion that he is one of the few "real" entities in the universe, and that the other "real" entities have created the rest of the universe in a conspiracy to deceive him.
_	The French were said to be labouring under the delusion that Gallic élan would be crucial in countering German attacks while the British fought hard at the Battle of Mons.
_	Dennis suffers from the delusion that he is from Mars.
_	NBC 4 in Washington, D.C. previewed the tour, with Chris Gerard saying, ""Foxgloves" was clearly a labor of love - the songs are exquisitely crafted and expertly performed, and they all have real feeling and drive...producing a record that appeals both to die-hard post-punk aficionados still pining for that rare Chameleons 45 that they lost in their parents basement 25 years ago, as well as a new generation of fans who are under the delusion that the Killers' kinetic new-wave sound is original".
_	Mark Harris, columnist for "Entertainment Weekly", described it as "fantasy pretending to be social commentary", and accused it of peddling "the delusion that even the bigot next door has something to teach us all about heroism and self-sacrifice", adding "no, he doesn't".
_	Other uses include the revelation in Sophocles' "Ajax" of Ajax surrounded by the sheep he killed whilst under the delusion that they were Greeks.
_	It was she who brought Americans from the delusion that he was Antonin Dvorak's New World American composer and music that is purely American.
_	Stone believed Morello is an erotomaniac, someone who suffers from the delusion that their victim is in love with them.
_	Both facets share the delusion that their worlds would continue to travel in tandem forever, which they did until Sarajevo.
_	Ebert gave it two and a half stars, noting that at the beginning of the film the viewer is "under the delusion that it's going somewhere."
_	One such example is when a prince of Persia had melancholia and suffered from the delusion that he is a cow, and who would moo like a cow crying "Kill me so that a good stew may be made of my flesh" and would never eat anything.
_	Joseph concluded that "the manner in which he was treated for upwards of sixteen years could not but have confirmed him in the delusion that the preservation of his own person was the only thing of importance".
_	From Gil-Martin's boasting of the number of his adherents and size of his dominions, Robert falls into the delusion that he is Peter the Great of Russia, who visited England about that time.
_	Cleverly, Macnie complicates the frame of his narrative: the narrator is, in his own perception, a time-traveller from the nineteenth century—but he is known by the other characters as a friend and relative named Ismar Thiusen who has developed a mental illness, and who has the delusion that he is a time-traveller from the nineteenth century.
_	More recently, he called climate change a delusion, stating that: "[The IPCC] progressively has applied mass psychology through a compliant media to spread the delusion that wicked Western industrialists are causing irreparable damage to the climate."
_	Trotsky is, however, forced to negotiate a peace treaty with the Germans and is unable to bargain on his own terms – apparently under the delusion that the German soldiers will desert and join the Revolution.
_	Salinas wrote an introduction to an anthology of Spanish poetry that was published in the 1940s and referred to Cernuda as "el más Licenciado Vidriera de los poetas", an allusion to a famous short story by Cervantes in which the hero retreats timorously from life under the delusion that he is made of glass.
_	In a deleted scene from the next episode, she is upset that Jim is now acting awkwardly around her, though a talking-head interview shows that she is still under the delusion that she has a chance at a romantic relationship with him.
_	Annie is evidently bitter towards Brittany and her parents, as she's under the delusion that Charlie loves her.
_	To Agar's chagrin, Radox sends him a companion in the shape of the gluttonous dwarf Golin Longshanks, who is under the delusion that Radox's programme of height exercises has turned him into a giant.
_	While held to be beliefs in the medical literature, the status of delusions is disputed by philosophers, who have denied that delusions are beliefs on account of their deeply unusual content—such as the delusion that one is actually dead—and because they work differently from paradigmatic beliefs.
_	In the "Law & Order" episode "Pro Se", the schizophrenic James Smith suffers from the delusion that (among other things) he is General Sisera and various women are trying to poison him.
_	To turn our backs on Utopia, to see it for the sham and the delusion that it is, is the beginning of hope.
_	The man is under the delusion that "he" is Tarzan, and he is living in a lost city inhabited by people descended from early Portuguese explorers.
_	In recent months he had been buying gold and energy stocks, blaming the current market turmoil on the "mass stupidity" of "smartypants investors" who had been labouring under the delusion that it is possible to "buy listed companies and gear them up 10 times".
_	Actor Oliver Clark makes a cameo in the 1971 film "They Might Be Giants" as a nonverbal psychiatric patient nicknamed Mr Small, who is under the delusion that he is Valentino and refuses to speak until recognised.
_	His delusion is quickly deduced by the main character, who is himself under the delusion that he is Sherlock Holmes.
_	Trevor Thomas heads the cast as a Guyanese youth who is under the delusion that life will be easier for him in London.
_	The episodes grow in intensity until it becomes unclear whether Martin is a doctor imagining he's the patient, or a mental patient who succumbed to the delusion that he was a brain surgeon.
_	In many instances of grandiosity it is suitable to go for a fractional rather than a total modification, which permits those elements of the delusion that are central for self-esteem to be preserved.
_	Ender agrees to help Virlomi quell an uprising by a group called 'The Natives of Ganges', led by an angry young man named Randall Firth under the delusion that he is the son of Achilles de Flandres.
_	The mental obsession is described as the cognitive processes that causes the individual to repeat the compulsive behavior after some period of abstinence, either knowing that the result will be an inability to stop or operating under the delusion that the result will be different.
_	If the women went in accordance with their regular early morning custom, the enemy would be confirmed in the delusion that their presence in force was undiscovered,* and would withhold their fire to insure the complete success of their plans.
_	This error results in the delusion that we can be conscious of having free will.
_	He operates under the delusion that he requires the nutrients and hormones from peoples' hearts in order to stay alive, and these are best prepared with norepinephrine by inducing fear in the victim prior to death.
_	But Andray Dunnan, the insane nephew of Duke Angus of Wardshaven, is under the delusion that Elaine loves him and is being forced into the marriage.
_	They refuse to allow her to be alone with him until Sorcha insists on it herself, and she is the one to tell Red good-bye, believing that he will forget her once she is gone and still under the delusion that he only loves her because of the Fair Folk's intervention.
_	In 1893, he supported Harrison's re-election campaign under the delusion that if Harrison won the election, Prendergast would receive an appointment as Corporation Counsel.
_	She also learn from Yuri and Kurumi about how Megumi, who founded the School Living Club with Yuri, sacrificed herself in order to protect her students from the zombies, resulted in shock of which left Yuki with the delusion that Megumi and the other students are still alive.
_	The "Los Angeles Times" reported that Mooers was "shattered by drink" and had come under the delusion that his wife was trying to kill him.
_	My editors at the "Los Angeles Times" are under the delusion that I am a 'special' writer–one who concentrates on a specific subject and, presumably, has a narrow viewpoint.
_	The Captain it is shown is under the delusion that Jill is his deceased wife Beatrice, who he believes has returned to him.
_	All these things are opinions; opinions founded on the delusion that what is not subject to our own choice can be either good or evil, which it cannot.
_	Campbell was also under the delusion that performing this attack would help rid him of a ghost which had haunted him for years.
_	The hero stops the mugging, but then experiences the delusion that Ox is the more powerful, stronger villain Morlun.
_	Braschi writes about the death of the businessman, the end of democracy, and the delusion that all men are created equal.
_	According to "The Hollywood Reporter", the story "concerns a marriage counselor, whose daughter is about to get married, who discovers that his future son-in-law is suffering from the delusion that he's a superhero."
_	The Breadwinner is under the delusion that Rapture's steady decline is "just a bad quarter" and that his good fortune is still on the rise.
_	The term "ophidianthropy" refers to the delusion that one has been transformed into a snake.
_	It is shown late in the novel that Lisa Brooke had in fact married an Irishman, Matthew O'Brien, who has been committed to an asylum most of his life under the delusion that he is God.
_	It is also to go from the delusion that diversity is division or that a concept held by two minds is two concepts, rather than two exemplars of one concept.
_	Her tempter and lover, Lucius Verus, the Roman General, labors under the delusion that the Nazarene is his rival, so when the woman begs Verus to save Jesus from crucifixion, he names as his price the Magdalene's complete surrender to him.
_	The Committee also stated that the AKEL-backed candidate, Stavros Malas, does not "guarantee in any way the defense of the interests of the people and the working class and promotes the delusion that it is possible in the conditions of this crisis to retain the social interest without opposition to the central decisions of the bourgeoisie."
_	With apparently no cause, she developed the delusion that her whole household would be murdered and she would be kidnapped.
_	She was sent to the asylum at the insistence of her mother and sisters, who lived in Rochester, and who asserted that Lathrop was suffering from the delusion that somebody was trying to poison her.
_	Gary Arnold of "The Washington Post" had a negative opinion of the film, writing that it was "a cruel fiction to foster the delusion that 'Brian' is bristling with blasphemous nifties and throbbing with impious wit.
_	Lonely and unhappy, Wendall harbors the delusion that he possesses amazing powers and becomes involved in some family secrets.
_	It is the delusion that others think well of one.
_	In the 2008 Christmas Special, "The Next Doctor", Jackson Lake (David Morrissey), while under the delusion that he is the Doctor, has a blue gas balloon which he identifies as his TARDIS, which he explains stands for "Tethered Aerial Release Developed In Style".
_	The pressure of the situation, in addition to the delusion that he is possessed by the murderous hands of Chas, drives Guy to finally strangle Liliom when she tries to stop Veronica's ghost from having a second abortion of unknown origin (presumably his father's child and thus his sibling, or perhaps his child needing to be aborted a second time).
_	Having lost everything, Mamontov remained with nothing except his charm, beautiful piano playing and the delusion that someday his late father’s fortune would be returned to him.
_	When the narrator, a prisoner, takes a shower on the roof of the police station, he suddenly has the delusion that he wants to kill a woman who happens to be there, just as the hero in "Erostratus" while standing on top of a high building decides to kill someone.
_	You know, and I think if anybody is under the delusion that he cares about, uh, uh, anybody in America besides himself, they are, they are stoned and need to rethink their priorities, 'cause he's, you know, 'cause it's just ridiculous that's he's gotten as far as he has."
_	Under the delusion that he is helping Adne take a trip, Forrester places the Sirian in control of a spacecraft.
_	He is imprisoned with the delusion that he achieved cosmic awareness.
_	He declares: "As long as ministers and laymen labor under the delusion that contemporary Christianity is the same religion that Jesus practiced, they will remain immunized against his way of life and will lack the vision."
_	Jonny had also been experiencing the delusion that he was on his own version of the film, "The Truman Show", and was hospitalised as a result of his condition in 2008.
_	Yet, here is a film to knot the fist and seize the heart with anger, a film that stings like a slap in the face of complacence, a scourge and lash against the delusion that there may still be an easy way out.
_	With his newfound powers, motivated by his feelings for Sayaka under the delusion that he is doing it for the right reasons, Sugiura creates the Amanogawa Campus Bylaws, various rules that limit the individuality of the student body.
_	The friends joined in keeping up the delusion that Erskine and not Scott was the author of the portions of "The Bridal of Triermain", and wrote a preface intended to "throw out the knowing ones".
_	Weber recognized Mark's condition as a rare case of Capgras syndrome — the delusion that people in one's life are doubles or impostors — and eagerly investigates.
_	"We are endeavoring at one & the same time, to restrain Germany by warning her that she must not assume we could remain neutral if she crossed the frontier; to stimulate Prague to make concessions; and to make sure that France will not take some rash action such as mobilization (when has mobilization been anything but a prelude to war?), under the delusion that we would join her in defense of Czechoslovakia.
_	Unable to handle the voices, Ayers dropped out and ended up on the streets due to the delusion that his sister wanted to kill him.
_	Helen is misled by ideas of romantic love and duty into the delusion that she can repair her husband's conduct.
_	His father has been in an asylum for six years and suffers from the delusion that he is one of Mussolini’s top aides.
_	In his review in the "Los Angeles Times", Kenneth Turan called "Red Corner" a "sluggish and uninteresting melodrama that is further hampered by the delusion that it is saying something significant.
_	Patients who experience recurrent auditory hallucinations can develop the delusion that other people are scheming against them and are dishonest when they say they do not hear the voices that the delusioned person believes that he or she hears.
_	When recognized in a restaurant, David runs away, at times suffering from the delusion that Annabelle is fleeing with him.
_	This became an obsession, and he suffered the delusion that his neighbours were mocking him.
_	However, the attempt on Ben's life failed and the Amalgam Kids' memories of the Rooters were wiped and were placed under the delusion that they were born alien hybrids as they were eventually placed as Ben's allies by the Rooters to serve as sleeper agents.
_	After the DigiDestined defeat his creation Kimeramon, they discover that Ken was under the delusion that the Digital World was a game.
_	The fundamental fallacy of ordinary understanding is the delusion that the universe is reducible to simple substance, or—the more Hume-like view—that the content of human knowledge is limited to simple-substance-like, self-evident sense perceptions.
_	This version of Master Man later develops the delusion that he is the Christian God and forms a cult in which his gamma-powered minions enslave the population of California.
_	Makoto was the test subject of the experiment, which was meant to involve him having the delusion that he could have premonitions; unexpectedly, he turned out to have real premonitions.
_	As a result, under the delusion that it is a game with no consequences, Ewan fettered out his hostility and became a sadist, who fights with no holds barred, even against his own sister.
_	Nimzovich suffered from the delusion that he was unappreciated and that the reason was malice.
_	Still suffering from the delusion that Croit was still alive and out to harm him, he tried to escape.
_	After three months of therapy, his doctor believes that Raiden is still under the delusion that he is the God of Thunder, and constantly vomits a blue substance.
_	As Ali Brox argues, Shori's existence "opens up a space of cultural uncertainty and instability" that forces Ina families such as the Silks, who suffer the delusion that there is a "pure" and "superior" Ina race, to admit they were once weak, oppressed, and killed by humans.
_	He found him largely lucid, although under the delusion that an imagined "diamond of the Emperor of Brazil" had been stolen from him.
_	The syndrome of subjective doubles is a rare delusional misidentification syndrome in which a person experiences the delusion that he or she has a double or Doppelgänger with the same appearance, but usually with different character traits, that is leading a life of its own.
_	As Delano approaches, the revolting slaves set up the delusion that the surviving whites are still in charge.
_	Shortly after his appointment Hatzianestis began to show signs of mental instability, reportedly suffering from the delusion that his legs were made of glass and easily shattered.
_	The main character is Francis Forbes Clunie, a Scottish mental patient who suffers from the delusion that he is Humphrey Bogart, or rather a composite of the characters he played in his films.
_	The Jivahood of the atman (the individualization of the soul) is unreal, it is merely an imagination caused by the delusion of buddhi, and vanishes with the annulment of the delusion that comes about by the realization of one’s real nature.
_	She was diagnosed as a manic depressive, and suffered the delusion that she and Tobey were to be married, even though Tobey was gay.
_	Ever since being defeated by Ash's Pikachu in the second episode, "Pokémon Emergency!", the three of them have obsessively never stopped chasing after them to steal Ash's Pikachu, maintaining the delusion that Pikachu is abnormally powerful and presenting it to their criminal boss would make them very rich.
_	Rosen opines that this calls for a march-like speed and argues that the movement is "generally taken too fast under the delusion that a quick tempo will give it a power commensurate with that of the opening movement."
_	Altogether, "sīlabbata-parāmāso" has been translated as "the contagion of mere rule and ritual, the infatuation of good works, the delusion that they suffice" or, more simply, "fall[ing] back on attachment to precepts and rules."
