_	The Association of Nail Technicians (ANT) was set up in March 1998 due to the demand that from nail technicians that an association was needed to advise and represent the UK’s growing number of nail technicians.
_	They were unprepared for the demand that the freed slaves (freedmen) be made full members of the tribe who had formerly owned them.
_	The movement restated the demand that Bengali be declared an official language of the Dominion of Pakistan.
_	Bobby reiterates the demand that the Soviets remove their missiles from Cuba, and in return promises not to invade or assist in the invasion of Cuba.
_	In addition, Musk championed a larger systemic vision, a vision for a bottom-up emergent order of other interested parties—whether companies, individuals, or governments—to utilize the new and radically lower-cost transport infrastructure that SpaceX would endeavor to build in order to help build a sustainable human civilization on Mars by innovating and meeting the demand that such a growing venture would occasion.
_	Among the many clauses in the contract was an advance of 20,000 riksdaler (14,000 at once and 6,000 after casting the first cannons) and the demand that two 12-pound cannons should be manufactured and successfully tested before the total advance was released.
_	In this sense, the Federal Government developed a strategy which creates new distribution channels of financial services in order to meet the demand that has no access yet, and also a complementary agenda in order to improve the financial education in the country.
_	The word love in this context is taken from the lexicon of political debate in mainland China, were the slogan "Love China, Love the Party", is seen as the basis of patriotism, and the demand that any future Chief Executive of Hong Kong must "Love China, Love Hong Kong" ().
_	Israel sources reportedly obtained assurances from the Bush administration that there would be no compromise on the demand that Iran end uranium enrichment.
_	In 1870, the supervision of the church was abolished, in 1872, the demand that all students must be members of the Swedish language upper classes was dropped.
_	Earlier in the day Seemandhra members rushed to the well of the House demanding that the resolution moved by the CM, without cabinet approval, be put to vote, those from the Telangana region, including the ministers and deputy chief minister, did the same with the demand that there should be no voting.
_	An electric utility that charges a flat rate for electricity does not charge different rates based upon the demand that the customer places on the system.
_	In response to the tactics of the Shanghai government, students in Hefei engaged in a sit-in on December 23 in front of the Hefei municipal government building with the demand that the Hefei municipal government rebuke the actions of the Shanghai government.
_	However, such was the demand that Goans began sending their children to neighboring cities such as Bombay, Poona and Belgaum.
_	The existing Exhibition Station in the suburb of Bowen Hills will undergo an extensive upgrade to support the demand that Cross River Rail project will bring.
_	By the Spring of 1654 only the demand that the Republic should never again appoint a Prince of Orange (who also happened to be a grandson of Charles I of England) to high office, remained.
_	Musk sees the new and radically lower-cost transport infrastructure facilitating the buildup of a bottom-up economic order of other interested parties—whether companies, individuals, or governments—who will innovate and supply the demand that such a growing venture would occasion.
_	Holiday Airlines was in such need of aircraft to meet the demand that they used the Boeing 727-200, the Tupolev Tu-154 and the Yakovlev Yak-42.
_	In 1836, José Castro, Juan Alvarado, Antonio Buelna, and José Antonio de la Guerra (son José de la Guerra y Noriega) signed the demand that Governor Nicolás Gutiérrez resign.
_	Fisk proposed that the list be published in the newspapers the next day with the demand that the "bulls and bears" settle on their debts by three o'clock the next day, at a fixed rate of $160.
_	Seen in this way, the demand that policy rely only on what is proven to be "scientific truth" would be a prescription for policy paralysis and amount in practice to advocacy of acceptance of all of the quantified and unquantified costs and risks associated with policy inaction.
_	However, with divided responsibility inevitably comes divided authority, and thus (in theory at least) slower military reaction times and the demand that troops follow commanders from other nations.
_	These included the demand that slaveholders be eligible for denominational offices to which the Southern associations contributed financially.
_	Mansour did not agree to the demand that the local Druze would forcibly oppose the volunteers, and instead proposed the Jews bribe Wahhab to abandon his command.
_	In any event, what was new was the demand that the West German government should now be involved, and the West German Minister of Intra-German Relations, Erich Mende became officially responsible for what became in 1964, amid conditions of total secrecy, a West German government programme.
_	Although the Moselle is not a classic red wine area, following the demand that has developed since the late 1990s, an increasing quantity of red wine is produced.
_	This intimidated the States Party in the province of Zeeland sufficiently, bringing it to the brink of submitting to the demand that the three-year-old Prince of Orange should be appointed stadtholder of Zeeland.
_	Knowing the demand that existed in Spain and in the rest of Europe, for refined sugar, Cortes introduced the cultivation of this plant, establishing a mill in the valley of Cuernavaca, which would be the second of its kind in the New Spain.
_	Delegates at the event also made the demand that the Jewish Labour Movement be expelled from the party over their support for the state of Israel.
_	It was unveiled at the 1995 BRIT Awards, and such was the demand that its release date was brought forward.
_	Despite the demand that the war had created, the hostilities quickly reversed the Törley plant’s fortune when a bomb destroyed the main building and the majority of the factory’s stocks in July 1944.
_	According to the experts, provided the smaller hydropower stations are installed about 8 billion kWh can produced per year and this is more than enough to meet the demand that is now satisfied through imports from Central Asia.
_	The god gave the human beings some of those celestial seeds, provided instruction on shift agriculture and proper rice cultivation practice, with the demand that at every harvest a portion of the first harvest must be dedicated to him.
_	They further argue that setting a discrete line between "safe" and "not-safe" activities ideologically denies consenting adults the right to evaluate risks vs rewards for themselves; that some adults will be drawn to certain activities regardless of the risk; and that BDSM play—particularly higher-risk play or edgeplay—should be treated with the same regard as extreme sports, with both respect and the demand that practitioners educate themselves and practice the higher-risk activities to decrease risk.
_	The most important and revolutionary element of identity politics is the demand that oppressed groups be recognized not in spite of their differences but specifically because of their differences.
_	The reason the government gave for the omission of the denomination from the contract was that the large number of de facto halfpennies (including tokens and fakes) would be driven out of circulation and Boulton would be unable to produce enough coins to meet the demand that would ensue.
_	The demand for better wages becomes revolutionary only when it is coupled with the demand that the exploitation of labor must cease".
_	In 1535, her husband died and her sons asked her to return to Brandenburg, but changed their minds when she made the demand that the parishes in her dowry lands be made Protestant.
_	It had five primary demands, and added the demand that each citizen in Northern Ireland be afforded the same number of votes for local elections (national elections followed the same eligibility rules as the rest of the UK).
_	These proclaimed themselves the "Republican Association of Washington, District of Columbia" and passed a simple four plank platform including the demand that "There should be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except for the punishment of crime, in any of the Territories of the United States."
_	Goldie Taylor, a commentator for the African American news site "The Grio", characterized the demand that Obama provide his birth certificate as an equivalent of making him "show his papers", as blacks were once required to do under Jim Crow laws.
_	The organization led by Spanknöbel was openly pro-Nazi, and engaged in activities such as storming the German language "New Yorker Staats-Zeitung" with the demand that Nazi-sympathetic articles be published, and the infiltration of other non-political German-American organizations.
_	Marciano kidnaps Vincent's son with the demand that he will be returned if his cocaine is returned.
_	[The Women's Movement] is not an attempt to arrogate man's prerogative of manhood; it is not even an attempt to assert and emphasize women's privilege of womanhood; it is simply the demand that in the life of woman, as in the life of man, space and liberty shall be found for a thing bigger than either manhood or womanhood – for humanity.
_	Christian of Oldenburg had displayed anti-Danish sentiment during the recent war, and when gehejmeråd F.C. Dankwart, on behalf of the government, issued the demand that she should renounce her and her son's right to the throne in favor of her son-in-law, she replied:
_	Olybrius, Governor of the Roman Diocese of the East, asked to marry her, but with the demand that she renounce Christianity.
_	According to his lawyer, Mohammad Sharif, Mahdavi started his hunger strike in August 2006 with the demand that he "be allowed to meet with his lawyers in person", and that he "be moved out of Gohardasht prison, where he said his life was under threat from prisoners who were dangerous criminals."
_	The proposal, delivered at the War College in September 1939, was bundled with the demand that new armored units should be formed from scratch rather than converted from horse troops.
_	With the rise of positivistic trends in psychology over the course of the 20th century, especially the demand that all phenomena be operationalized by quantitative procedures, psychologists of religion developed a multitude of scales, most of them developed for use with Protestant Christians.
_	The male love of the Greeks") (published in Glarus in 1836 and in St. Gallen in 1838) he presented, from the idea of liberalism, the demand that the recognition of homosexuality was a test of liberal democracy and civil rights.
_	The new developers decided to add more hotel rooms due to the demand that resulted from Charlotte hosting the 2012 Democratic National Convention.
_	The threat of secession by the AG was tabled, documented and recorded in numerous constitutional conferences, including the constitutional conference held in London in 1954 with the demand that a right of secession be enshrined in the constitution of the emerging Nigerian nation to allow any part of the emergent nation to opt out of Nigeria, should the need arise.(Author(s):
_	After the first woman in Finland, Maria Tschetschulin, was accepted as a university student by dispensation in 1870, advanced classes and colleges classes were included in many girl schools to prepare students for university (by means of dispensation), and in 1872, the demand that all students must be members of the Swedish language upper classes was dropped.
_	To the priest's attempt to expel her plan, the girl meets with the demand that he may give up his priesthood to enter into marriage with her.
_	These included the demand that the Japanese government clearly, explicitly and publicly recognise India as an independent nation and the league as the nation's representatives and guardians.
_	As he did not yet know the players' names, he wrote down the uniform numbers of the offenders (Thurman Munson, Bobby Murcer, and Sparky Lyle), and had the list, along with the demand that their hair be trimmed immediately, delivered to Houk.
_	The relatives and people of Parachinar have put forth the demand that Chief of Army Staff, Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar and other high-level officials should visit the area.
_	Rabbis Nevins, Dorff and Reisner argued that for gay and lesbian Jews, the demand that they lead solitary lives with no possibility for social or sexual intimacy was a violation of their dignity.
_	Tamil Nadu government policy includes the demand that PTAs should work towards pupil enrollment and attendance and assist in enhancing the quality of teaching and learning.
_	As the new residential area suffered from aircraft noise, residents joined in the demand that the airport be relocated.
_	Under such circumstances, the chief minister Nazimuddin signed an accord with the student leaders agreeing to some terms and conditions, without complying to the demand that Bengali be made a state language.
_	The input is the merit order, the marginal power plant, the excess energy (renewable energy that could be curtailed), and the excess demand (the demand that cannot be supplied) for each region.
_	Adding to the strain in the relationship, the Americans find humor in the demand that they do calisthenics as a group each morning and that the Japanese executives eat their lunches with chopsticks and bathe together in the river near the factory.
_	Such was the demand that much of his best work now went to private galleries and was never publicly exhibited.
_	These included the demand that the Japanese government clearly, explicitly and publicly recognise India as an independent nation and the league as the nation's representatives and guardians.
_	Such was the demand that the single battalion became two in 1740 (the 1st Regiment), three battalions in 1744, four in 1767 (forming a 2nd Regiment) and in 1776 a third regiment (5th and 6th Battalions) was raised.
_	New England’s ideal placement and the demand that existed for water transport implied that they were involved in the shipping industry as a function of their agricultural impotence, their locations and the development of a fishing industry.
_	He received the demand that the capital Dutch ships would strike their flag in salute.
_	Since Arab workers were cheaper, the "ikarim" could only be forced to employ Jews if their access to Arab labor was cut off, which the labor movement tried by adopting the concept of "Hebrew labor", the demand that Jewish employers hire only Jewish workers, but which really only succeeded after 1936 as a result of the Arab Revolt.
_	There is also resistance to this school of thought, whereby Palestinian artists have "rebelled" against the demand that their art be "committed".
_	Turkey signed the friendship treaty, but only after Papen dropped the demand that German troops have the right of transit through Turkey to invade the Soviet Union.
_	Also, the demand that is satisfied and the proportion of women using modern methods increased.
_	Domenico had recently succeeded his father; when he sent Doukas to the Sultan to bring the usual tribute shortly after Hamza's visit, he was met with the demand that Domenico himself come before Mehmed to have his succession confirmed.
_	During the 2008 South Ossetia war, relations with Russia also deteriorated over the new Ukrainian regulations for the Russian Black Sea Fleet such as the demand that Russia obtain prior permission when crossing the Ukrainian border, which Russia refused to comply with.
_	However, the DLR has been criticised for having been designed with insufficient capacity to meet the demand that quickly arose.
_	That night, another call was received and the demand that Hart drive was repeated.
_	As the scandal reached all across Wales and the March of William’s capture “the enemies of his house hastened from every quarter to see this scone of a hated stock brought to his account,” wrote Lloyd, “even had Llywelyn been in the mood to resist the tide of popular passion, he might have found it hard to withstand the demand that William should die.
_	Once additional capacity is added to the network, the demand that had been latent materializes as actual usage.
_	One result of this was that the demand that a deputy head be secular resulted in Vera Thorpe, the maths teacher, becoming deputy head.
_	MCP received this order from the Dutch government because their computer met all the technical and other demands, including the demand that the computers should be of Dutch origin and should be built in the Netherlands.
_	He restructured the colony's Executive Council by including reformers in the body which had previously been a Tory domain but resisted the demand that the majority party in the legislature be permitted to form a government.
_	She later married Dr. Sundara Reddy on the demand that he promise to "always respect me as an equal and never cross my wishes."
_	Only when the unitary symmetry matrix is part of a family that comes arbitrarily close to the identity are the conserved real quantities single-valued, and then the demand that they are conserved become a much more exacting constraint.
_	Quantifying ROI depends heavily on the ability to accurately identify the “baseline” demand (the demand that would exist without the impact of the trade promotion) and the uplift.
_	After all, it claimed, it was completely normal democratic business both to "sort human material into useful and useless" and to wage war to assert the demand that all resources be transformed into objects of capital accumulation, while fascism was especially consistent in realizing the democratic ideal of a national community willing to make sacrifices for the success of the state purpose.
_	He was one of the initiators of so-called the “Rose Revolution” and a leader of the September–November demonstration of invalids, veterans and refugees that was held with the demand that Eduard Shevardnadze’s regime should step down.
_	It contrasts with notional demand, which is the demand that occurs when purchasers are not constrained in any other market.
_	Therefore, he ordered for Simon I to be released from prison and offered him the crown of Kartli on the demand that he would convert to Islam.
_	However the demand that they withdraw from the KAPD would probably have happened anyway.
_	The depression of the 1930s and changes in fashion greatly reduced the demand for hats, and the demand that existed was met by cheaper wool products made elsewhere, for example the Luton area.
_	The high tax burden, combined with the demand that it be paid in specie and the high-handed control of the government by merchant interests, transformed rural resentment into a full-blown agrarian revolt.
_	Specifically, after WWII, Dillon comes back to find a completely different world because of the demand that is placed on the coal miner and the little respect that they are granted.
_	The depression of the 1930s and changes in fashion greatly reduced the demand for hats, and the demand that existed was met by cheaper wool products made elsewhere, for example the Luton area.
_	During Paschal's papacy some efforts were made by the Byzantine Emperor Alexios I to bridge the schism between the Orthodox and the Catholic Church, but these failed, as he pressed the demand that the Patriarch of Constantinople recognise the Pope's primacy over "all the churches of God throughout the world" in late 1112.
_	Eventually a second messenger, this time a Spaniard, was sent through and offered the demand that after the British evacuated the forts, Americans would garrison them until relieved by Spanish troops which would serve only to ensure Spain's neutrality in the conflict, Manrique denied these demands.
_	At the end of WWII, it was recognized that the U.S. did not have a credit facility capable of handling the demand that would result from the cessation of hostilities.
_	There never was an analysis about the demand that is created by men; the focus was always on the woman – just get the women off the street.
_	Widespread public demonstrations illustrated the demand that the Italian government take Rome.
_	Bohr has brought to my attention [that] the uncertainty in our observation does not arise exclusively from the occurrence of discontinuities, but is tied directly to the demand that we ascribe equal validity to the quite different experiments which show up in the [particulate] theory on one hand, and in the wave theory on the other hand.
_	Now is the perfect time for the print industry to raise awareness towards quality control since we are about to witness the demand that the Expo2020 will bring in to our doorsteps.
_	On 26 March Ambassador Uğur Ziyal of Turkey's Foreign Ministry gave a list of "Final Points" to de Soto with the demand that the changes requested therein be made by the UN team.
_	Battisti and Salvioni's research was influenced by sympathies for the Italian irredentism, leading to the demand that speakers of Romansh should accept Italian as a "Dachsprache" because of their "Italianity", and subsequently to linguistically justified political claims that the Romansh-speaking Graubünden should become part of Italy.
_	The German occupation government permitted a Vilnius Conference to convene between September 18 and September 22, 1917, with the demand that Lithuanians declare loyalty to Germany and agree to an annexation.
_	Morgado gave in to the demand that Morris be granted autonomy to run the North American operations and he was forced to upgrade Morris's position from chief operating officer to Chief Executive of Warner Music Group (US); Morris promptly named Danny Goldberg, former president of Atlantic Records, to run WBR in defiance of Morgado, who had a different candidate in mind and Levin also reduced Morgado's power to oversee Warner's mail-order record club division and its international operations.
_	On 27 April 1223 from the Court at St. Albans an order to the sheriffs of Essex and Hertfordshire to cause the demand that the King makes from Stephen d’Évreux by summons of the Exchequer for several scutages from his land of Trumpington to be placed in respite until upon his next account.
_	See tried to condition Israel's UN membership in 1949 upon the demand that it should adhere to those concepts that were agreed in UN Resolution 181, but failed.
_	This tensor density is uniquely characterized by its conformal properties coupled with the demand that it be differentiable for arbitrary metrics, as shown by .
_	Peddle claims the inclusion of card suit symbols was spurred by the demand that it should be easy to write card games on the PET (as part of the specification list he received).
_	The result of the constitutional experiment hardly justified the royal expectations; the parliament was hardly opened (5 February 1819) before the doctrinaire radicalism of some of its members, culminating in the demand that the army should swear allegiance to the constitution, so alarmed the king that he appealed to Austria and Germany, undertaking to carry out any repressive measures they might recommend.
_	The resolution went on to increase the size of UNIFIL from 6,000 to 7,000 personnel, and then reiterated the objectives of the Force, including the demand that it be free to operate in the region without restriction.
_	Usually the lines 15, 43 and 56 service is stepped up, depending on the demand that may occur.
_	However, such was the demand that Goans began sending their children to neighbouring cities such as Bombay, Poona and Belgaum.
_	The motto "Nosce te Ipsum" is a Latin translation of the demand that is made of each Huntingtower student: "Know thy true self".
_	The development of the ecosystem depends heavily on the demand that exists on the market and is a function of the created economies of scale.
_	However news of the Bolshevik seizure of power in Russia encouraged workers in Vienna and more generally across Europe to emulate their example with the demand that the war be ended or more strikes would be organised.
_	Interest rights are defended against the claim that moral agency is a prerequisite of rights-possession, against the demand that rights be derived from social relations, against the suggestion, from R. G. Frey, that animals do not possess interests, and against the idea that inanimate entities and plants may possess interests.
_	It is a criminal offence to refuse a demand for a breath sample for testing in an approved screening device, provided the demand that has been lawfully made.
_	From the 19th century precision made surgical needles were in demand and with advances in manufacturing technology such was the demand that over 3,000 workers were employed.
_	As captain of the Tigers in 1925, he led the team on a strike with the demand that the players be paid an additional C$200 to participate in the playoffs.
_	Her family contacted the agency about the demand that she lose weight, and were told, "We advised Katie that commercial and lingerie models need to be an average size 10 as is requested by the market sector she wanted to model for."
_	On January 9 leaders met with Beck, who did not accept the demand that the officers be fired but agreed to treat the protesters with greater respect.
_	However, following its initial shipment in November 2016, PDP affirmed that their terms of licensing with Harmonix only allowed them to produced a limited number of the units, less than the demand that was found for the device.
_	Such was the demand that at one time the company had an establishment of 500 men and 220 three-ton lorries.
_	The Tswana people used to mine salt from a nearby pan but went out of business after they could not meet the demand that it be iodised.
_	"Fundamentalism is the belief in absolute religious authority and the demand that this religious authority be legally enforced.
_	It is claimed the proposal would allow government restriction or blocking of information disseminated via the internet and create a global regime of monitoring internet communications, including the demand that those who send and receive information identify themselves.
_	Muslim gunmen holding hostages made several demands, including the demand that the movie "Mohammad, Messenger of God" be destroyed because they considered it sacrilegious."
_	Despite this, the majority of the equipment initially issued came from British Army stocks until Australian production was able to be increased to meet the demand that resulted from rapid military expansion at the start of the war.
_	Incumbent Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki agreed to 18 out of 19 demands (including implementation of article 140), only disagreeing with the demand that the government were to resign if the Kurdistan Alliance withdraws.
_	However, he was opposed to the demand that Hezbollah be disarmed, and insisted on maintaining relations with the Shia Islamist party.
_	These citizens created the demand that led to both cities being electrified and given running water and sewers.
_	The tastes and habits of collectors have played a very important part in determining what art was produced, providing the demand that artists supply.
_	Shipping industry analyses conducted by the ACP and top industry experts indicate that the canal expansion will be beneficial to both the canal and its users because of the demand that will be served by allowing the transit of more tonnage.
_	However, Jezzar Pasha ignored this order and took over Beirut in 1776 with the demand that Emir Yusuf pay three years worth of "miri" tax.
_	The ensuing first Desmond Rebellion (1569–73) saw the rebels under James FitzMaurice FitzGerald engaged in bloody conflict along the coast of Munster, besieging the city of Cork, amongst others, with the demand that all efforts at colonisation cease.
_	There is also resistance to this school of thought, whereby Palestinian artists have "rebelled" against the demand that their art be "committed".
_	He also mentioned that although initially he and his partner had hand-written the manuscripts and made an attempt to copy the Brahmi script from genuine manuscripts, such was the demand that they had moved onto woodblock printing.
_	He stated that he was with the PLF and demanded that the Israeli Government be contacted and given the demand that 50 Palestinians held in its jails be freed, including specifically Samir Kuntar.
_	As an example, on February 10, 1875, the "Plymouth Weekly Star" published a threatening letter, or "coffin notice", which included the demand that the recipient leave town or else be killed:
_	In addition, Musk championed a larger systemic vision, a vision for a bottom-up emergent order of other interested parties—whether companies, individuals, or governments—to utilize the new and radically lower-cost transport infrastructure to build up a sustainable human civilization on Mars, potentially, on numerous other locations around the Solar System, by innovating and meeting the demand that such a growing venture would occasion.
_	Even in the South, ex-Whigs and border states Know-Nothings—most notably John Bell and John J. Crittenden (key figures in the event of sectional controversies)—urged the Republicans to oppose the administration's moves and take up the demand that the territories be given the power to accept or reject sovereignty.
_	The choice of the function "y"("φ") for the Mercator projection is determined by the demand that the projection be conformal, a condition which can be defined in two equivalent ways:
_	During his patriarchate some efforts were made by Emperor Alexios I Komnenos to bridge the schism between the Orthodox and the Catholic Church but these failed, as Pope Pascal II in late 1112 pressed the demand that the Patriarch of Constantinople recognise the Pope's primacy over "all the churches of God throughout the world".
_	Initially, Japanese and South Asian laborers filled the demand that could not be met by new Chinese immigrants.
_	Such was the demand that a profitable Dot Company was able to re-enter the motorcycle market in 1949 with a utilitarian two-stroke machine with a 200 cc Villiers engine which sold well in the export market.
_	This gave rise to the demand that by serving in the French Army, colonial subjects should gain full French citizenship.
_	An early February date was mentioned along with the demand that the house would be available exclusively after 2 January 1893 and that, even after the dress rehearsal, he could withdraw the opera: "I will leave the theatre, and [Ricordi] will have to take the score away".
_	In 1931, the remaining franchise qualifications, except for the age limit of 21, were removed for white voters, but kept in place for Black and "Coloured" voters (including the demand that voters be male).
_	So much was the demand that the other foods like vegetables, sambar and rasam had to be prepared three times, but the cooked rice never got emptied.
_	Another problem with tourism is the demand that it creates for second homes.
_	Exhibitions involving immigrant faces challenged the demand that assimilation meant fitting into English mores or accepting ghettoisation: "Bigos" Polish group and Casa de la Cultura Latino Americana Comite Cultural Chileno, to name but two.
_	Young's good heart forgave him, with the demand that care for others must be considered.
_	But rumors were about that Charles was consolidating an alliance with Irish Catholics, which drove the other faction on the Committee of Estates to double down on the demand that Charles acknowledge the legality of the sitting Scottish Parliament.
_	Kretschmann claimed that the demand that a theory be put in generally covariant form does not limit or restrict the range of acceptable theories, but is simply a challenge to the mathematician's ingenuity.
_	In 1991 Hirson returned to visit South Africa, speaking at eight universities with the demand that "use of Stalinist methods in the ANC" be exposed and stopped.
_	During the war years, restrictions on style and the demand that composers write in a 'socialist realist' style were slackened, and Prokofiev was generally able to compose in his own way.
_	Rude was also part of the post punk "little band scene" that flourished in Melbourne in the late 1970s to 1980s, and is probably best known (to the general public) for staging a hunger strike in the window of local record shop Missing Link, and the demand that local radio station 3XY play his records, threatening to drown himself in a bucket of water if they did not.
_	Today, the demand that an interpretation must set out from an evaluation of the entirety ("des gesamten Habitus") of a text would appear obvious and even banal.
_	He was then relieved by a second negotiator, but did not tell him about the demand that the Christmas lights be turned off.
_	The initiative met the demand that had been put forward by the Russian Federation's authorities.
_	Such was the demand that tickets which were priced Rs. 2, were sold for as high as Rs. 15.
_	Requiring that the wave function be periodic in formula_4 with a period formula_5 (from the demand that the wave functions be single-valued functions on the circle), and that they be normalized leads to the conditions
_	Indeed, such was the demand that Killamanjaro set a record, that still holds today, by performing on fifty-two consecutive nights in Kingston.
_	The widespread entrance of a new breed of low cost airlines beginning at the turn of the century has accelerated the demand that full service carriers control costs.
_	Emperor Xuan, in response, created his cousin (the daughter of his uncle Yuwen Zhao (宇文招) the Prince of Zhao) Princess Qianjin, offering to marry Princess Qianjin to Tuobo Khan, but with the demand that Tuobo Khan surrender Gao Shaoyi.
_	Renewing the demand on 16 August Persia realized the risk of not complying with the demand that had been coordinated with the Americans at a conference 9–12 August 1941.
_	Despite the demand that the war had created, the hostilities quickly reversed the Törley plant’s fortune when a bomb destroyed the main building and the majority of the factory’s stocks in July 1944.
_	The rioters' petition had included the demand that the unpopular "Guardia Valona" (Walloon Guard) be disbanded.
_	This bailout money came with the demand that the EBS must submit a restructuring plan to the Commission.
_	Mention of Arab unity in the Ba'athi constitution is mentioned once, in passing, and the demand that other Arab countries undergo a revolution to introduce socialism was removed.
_	The United States Senate refused to ratify the treaty on the grounds that it was "too generous to the chiefs", and sent back an amended treaty with the demand that the Ojibwe capitulate to the revisions.
_	During fighting at Tornio a German negotiator arrived with the demand that Finns were required to release their prisoners and withdraw back to Röyttä or otherwise Germans would execute the hostages.
_	We can't supply the demand that we have for our whiskies."
_	– According to Benny Morris, the "Arab delegations arrived united in the demand that Israel declare acceptance of the principle of repatriation before they would agree to negotiate peace".
_	The organization led by Spanknöbel was openly pro-Nazi, and engaged in activities such as storming the German language "New Yorker Staats-Zeitung" with the demand that Nazi-sympathetic articles be published.
_	The Friends of New Germany was led by Spanknöbel and was openly pro-Nazi, and engaged in activities such as storming the German language newspaper "New Yorker Staats-Zeitung" with the demand that Nazi-sympathetic articles be published, the infiltration of other non-political German-American organizations, and the use of propaganda to counter the Jewish boycott of businesses in the heavily German neighborhood of Yorkville, Manhattan.
_	One approach is to drop the demand that utility be maximized.
_	Indeed, the demand that Washington recognized surfaced in the United States.
_	The British historian Edgar Feuchtwanger commented that the demand that the Anglophobic Admiral von Tirpitz be appointed Chancellor at a time when the British government was applying heavy pressure on France to reduce reparations on Germany showed that DNVP had a stunning "lack of realism".
_	Eric XIV had made an alliance with Russia against Poland, and the Tsar had presented the demand that he should give him his Polish sister-in-law, the spouse of Prince John, Princess Catherine Jagellon, as hostage to use against Poland, and a Russian embassy was at the time waiting in Stockholm to bring Catherine Jagellon to Russia.
_	Timbers' President of Business Mike Golub stated that "We felt it was imperative to see how we could transform the stadium and add capacity to both meet the demand that we have for tickets and also position the club to be viable and competitive for years to come", referencing the Timbers' current season ticket waitlist of approximately 13,000.
_	After Vega had been exposed with proper evidence the leader of the opposition John briceño organized a demonstration against corruption and the demand that Vega be investigated at once.
_	Inevitably, the belief that public opinion had the right to decide cultural questions instead of deferring to the court transformed itself into the demand that the public also have a say on political questions as well.
