_	In his will, Venyukov left his scientific library of over 1200 volumes and all his manuscripts to "the village of Khabarovka", his monetary estate to the Russian Geographical Society, the village of Nikitinsky, where he was born, and the village of Venyukovo in Ussuri, expressing the desire that these funds should be spent on educational needs.
_	He had a passion for freedom, and his whole career was inspired by the desire that men should have the fullest opportunity for untrammelled development.
_	Voisin had previously expressed to his wife the desire that, should he die whilst abroad giving lectures, his remains should be buried in the country of his death.
_	As previously stated, with the more prosperous nature of society, it was decided by the committee to appeal to the public for £30,000 with the desire that the College should be opened at its earliest opportunity, October 1871.
_	This song depicts the wartime sentiment of mothers expressing little concern for the lives of their sons, only the desire that they should conform to the role of protector and be the man the mother expects.
_	Rodney was known as an opponent of slavery, expressing the desire that the institution could be ended through continued manumissions.
_	It is not the desirable actions that must be laid aside, but the desire that gives them that character has to be put away from us...
_	The resolution went on to express the desire that all Lebanese and Syrian military personnel abducted by Israel be released in the shortest time possible and declared that if the above-mentioned steps were not taken the Council would reconvene to consider further action.
_	and RMS "Mauretania" of 1907 were built with the help of the British government with the desire that the United Kingdom would regain its prestige as a sea power.
_	In 1989, the Philippine government had expressed the desire that the Americans withdraw its forces from the islands.
_	When Lord Ronaldshay, the Governor of Bengal, came to visit Chittagong College, he had a long talk with Professor Dasgupta in his classroom, and was so much impressed by it that he expressed the desire that the first volume of the History of Indian Philosophy might be dedicated to him.
_	Isabella's mother left in her will, and in a clear message to her husband Manuel, the desire that Isabella should marry only a king or the legitimate son of kings.
_	He also expressed the desire that the place of the world of work in society is finally recognized.
_	In 1649, in response to the expressions of royal concern shown over its welfare, the university community addressed Philip IV, saying that the University "requests Your Royal Highness that you keep her within your Royal Solicitude, because she has been, from her very beginnings, a fruit of your royal bounty, and from the desire that she should grow and progress ever through efforts so Royal and so Catholic."
_	He asserts that the irregular desire is the sin, not the food: "For it is not the food, but the desire that is in fault".
_	It is supposed that here was planted the desire that led the missionary later to write his interesting accounts of his experiences.
_	"It is the desire that, after the Oration, you, as Chief Executive of the nation, formally set apart these grounds to their sacred use by a few appropriate remarks."
_	It was during these discussions that the patron expressed the desire that the work include more than just a statue of Firestone.
_	During these meetings Patriarch Tikhon also expressed the desire that Fr. Theodore become a bishop.
_	Despite this, Seta remembers Casard’s hidden story and the desire that her lost name be recovered.
_	Thus, the doctrine of original sin does not solve the problem of how the original model first acquires the desire that is subsequently imitated by others.
_	Álvaro is raised by fairly conservative parents, and towards the end of the movie his father even expresses the desire that he hoped his son was not gay.
_	The Sauber team owner and manager at the time, Peter Sauber has however denied these allegations and said "Ferrari never expressed the desire that we should obstruct an opponent of Schumacher on the track."
_	It seems to me very desirable that this question should be settled now, and I entertain the hope and express the desire that it may be by the ratification of the fifteenth article of amendment to the Constitution."
_	He reconsecrated it with a special youth Mass in March 1983, expressing the desire that the church become "a hothouse of faith-filled evangelization."
_	Middlesex Colony was intended to be as self-sufficient as possible, with the desire that patients capable of working would work at various tasks.
_	The general reasoning for the square-up was an expression of regret for presenting the subject of the film followed by a statement with the desire that the film will help in efforts to combat the subject.
_	In his 1883 autobiography, Trollope stated that Miss Mackenzie "was written with the desire that a novel may be produced without any love; but even in this attempt it breaks down before the conclusion."
_	Whether there is any sexual activity at all in the poem—and as a fantasy there may be no such reality here—the key to the Song remains with the desire that drives the reader to appreciate the time of waiting.
_	The greeting also expressed the desire that miners would return safely from the mine after their shift.
_	Musumusu himself converted and, as he lay dying, expressed the desire that he be buried outside the church at Poi, so that those who came to revere Peter Chanel would walk over his grave to reach it.
_	The white color represents the desire that peace and unity reign among all the members of this dynamic community regardless of gender, ethnicity, class, sexuality and religion.
_	She has expressed the desire that her findings will lessen the stigma around auditory hallucinations, and will help to "remove the boundary" between youth and adult psychiatric services and research.
_	Rose, writing to Bishop Aoun, expressed the desire that "we will always be friends".
_	There was also in the "Merkur" an antipathy to Prussia, expression of the desire that an Austrian prince should assume the imperial title, and also a tendency to liberalism—all distasteful to Hardenberg, and to his master Friedrich Wilhelm III.
_	If a person has the belief that action (A) will lead to state (S), and has the desire that state (S) obtain, then he will perform action (A).
_	In his 1883 autobiography, Trollope stated that "Miss Mackenzie" "was written with the desire that a novel may be produced without any love; but even in this attempt it breaks down before the conclusion."
_	After the success of "Make It Big" Michael had grown weary of continuing the group, and expressed to Ridgeley the desire that they should split up.
_	Paul sees everything as dull and boring, the flowers represent the desire that he has to find the beauty in life.
_	Nelson then expressed the desire that he would be the subject of West's next similar painting.
_	In this will he expressed the desire that his collections (over 50,000 pieces) and the villa Montughi were established in a museum open to the public, but with the clause that the original location was respected.
_	Greeley's view of freedom was based in the desire that all should have the opportunity to better themselves.
_	Now the dry land being available in the valley, Kasyapa expressed the desire that it should be inhabited by the Nagas as well as by the descendants of Manu.
_	Brown and Levinson defined positive face two ways: as "the want of every member that his wants be desirable to at least some others executors" (p. 62), or alternatively, "the positive consistent self-image or 'personality' (crucially including the desire that this self-image be appreciated and approved of) claimed by interactants" (p. 61).
_	In a letter to her uncle, the king of the Belgians, the British sovereign conveyed the desire that the meeting between her daughter and the Prussian prince lead to a closer relationship between the two young people.
_	Sometimes we win, sometimes we lose, pirate themes and that is part of the fury, the affection and the desire that millions of fans have to listen to your work; We only have to keep making good music and intend to bring joy to the people, that is the most important thing."
_	Musumusu himself converted and as he lay dying expressed the desire that he be buried outside the church at Poi so that those who came to revere Peter Chanel in the Church would walk over his grave to get to it.
_	In an interview at the time, the blonde told that it was during a chat in her house with her businesswoman of the time, Marlene Mattos and composers Álvaro Socci and Cláudio Matta, until she commented on the desire that was to eat popcorn and soon then returned from the kitchen with several pots full of popcorn.
_	Usage of the character "Fú" (福) in various forms of calligraphy and seal characters as papercuts or posters represents the desire that one's good luck will be expansive and come in many forms.
_	The tenth and final round highlight the desire that both men had to win an Irish title.
_	The State Department also expressed the desire that any necessary arrangements be made promptly.
_	Thornton has also expressed the desire that his and other similar Irish restaurants not be viewed as elitist by Irish clientele, but instead be embraced above poor quality, cheaper alternatives.
_	Shortly before his death in 1978, the renowned archaeologist, William Mulloy, expressed the desire that his personal library, consisting of books, articles, reprints, field notes, maps, photographs and slides, find a permanent home on Rapa Nui in order to be of service to both specialized researchers coming to the island from abroad and to the general public.
_	Speaking of Dean's feelings for Linda, Di Angelo claimed that it stemmed from the desire that 'Dean (secretly) wants to be Mick', but warned that it wouldn't 'be filled with too much happiness for too long'.
_	Innes held the desire that the book would be updated on a regular basis, even after his death, and collaborated with younger friend and colleague, Dr. George S. Myers, to that end.
_	He wrote exclusively in French, in the desire that his ideas, of whose immortality he was convinced, should be accessible to all; he worked, he said, "through France for Poland."
_	When the brothers had gathered, the citizens expressed the desire that they (the brothers) immediately abandon the friary or convert to their faith.
_	Desire is also the preservation of objects already present, as well as the desire that certain effects not appear, that what affects one adversely be curtailed and prevented in the future.
_	The shame displayed here is what separates him from rational egoists and utopian dreamers, but the desire that he sometimes feels to buy into such ideals leaves him on the fringe of society or what can be understood as what drove him underground.
_	“The view of the property of the Count of Vizela offered by the photographs of Foto Alvão gives way today to voyeuristic curiosity about another life and other times, constructing a possible interpretation of the desire that was materialized, very briefly, in this place, in the second half of the 40s.
_	In the same interview she expressed the desire that Mahmoud Abbas would “sign on to the International Criminal Court,” “hold Israel accountable for the settlement construction and expansion,” and “declare this apartheid.
_	In an article about visiting Mono Lake, "The New York Times" commented, "When the desire that is the cause of all human suffering returned in the form of appetite, our editors were relieved the find the Whoa Nellie Deli, a shockingly gourmet oasis located at the local Tioga Gas Mart."
_	At another meeting on 27 March 1942, Fricke stressed the importance of the Indian Ocean to the Axis powers and expressed the desire that the Japanese begin operations against the northern Indian Ocean sea routes.
_	On the field, a new-look Shrewsbury side seemed to have the desire that the previous side lacked, but at times lacked consistency.
_	Due to his archaeological researches, he developed a significant collection of ancient pieces which he finally donated to the National Archeological Museum, with the desire that one part of the collection stays in Almería.
_	Musicologist Walter Everett interprets that most of the lyrics on side two's medley deal with "selfishness and self-gratification – the financial complaints in 'You Never Give Me Your Money,' the miserliness of Mr. Mustard, the holding back of the pillow in 'Carry That Weight,' the desire that some second person will visit the singer's dreams – perhaps the 'one sweet dream' of 'You Never Give Me Your Money'?
_	I’d have to ask, is it about healing for survivors or is it about the desire that we need to get a head on a plate?"
_	When the book was reissued in the late 1960s, novelist Angela Carter praised the novel in a "Guardian" review as “like Madame Bovary blasted by lightning” but later wrote privately to her friend, critic Lorna Sage, that one of her motivations for founding the feminist press Virago was "the desire that no daughter of mine should ever be in a position to be able to write BY GRAND CENTRAL STATION I SAT DOWN AND WEPT[sic], exquisite prose though it might contain.
_	Hovering between the two-dimensional and three-dimensional, my reconstructions distill the desire that is latent in these spaces, a desire to control and improve human behavior, to make us saner, healthier, or just more beautiful.
_	The book presents personal relationships as the crucial element in determining the quality of life, and it seeks answers to such questions as: How has the desire that men feel for women, and for other men, altered through the centuries?
_	Sveinbjörn Beinteinsson described the founding of Ásatrúarfélagið as based on a belief in hidden forces in the land and connected to "the desire that Icelanders could have their own faith, and nourish it no less than imported religions".
_	He expressed the desire that the Hardy quote always appear in programme notes.
_	She transferred her suffrage society membership to London and expressed the desire that her art works should be hung "where they could speak".
_	For 6 years old Carthage was called, but in 1869 the municipality of Carthage gave the name of Villa de Pereira, in honor to the doctor Francisco Pereira Martínez, that in 1816 took refuge in the zone, along with its brother Manuel Pereira, after the Defeat of the patriotic hosts of Simón Bolívar in the battle of Cachirí and soon manifest the desire that a city was established in those lands.
_	The next day he expresses the desire that he wants to give up the hide-and-seek and to turn himself in to the police sergeant Grimm.
_	This theme of intrusion or transgression was taken up in the twentieth century by the French philosopher Georges Bataille, who argued that eroticism performs a function of dissolving boundaries between human subjectivity and humanity, a transgression that dissolves the rational world but is always temporary, as well as that, "Desire in eroticism is the desire that triumphs over the taboo.
_	Eldredge points to the desire that most men have for exploration, creation, and adventure as uniquely masculine and a reflection on the heart of God.
_	The interest which Shaftesbury took in his studies, and the desire that he should be specially fitted for the profession which he had selected, that of a clergyman of the Church of England, are marked features of the letters.
_	But have no fear, I felt all the desire that a woman in love seeks to provoke".
_	Bruneau attributed his early resignation to the desire that his successor serve prior to the implementation of term limits with the 2008 legislative session.
_	Us concerning the devotion which animates your clergy and your people regarding the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin and how ardently glows the desire that this doctrine be defined by the Apostolic See.
_	Positive face, according to Brown and Levinson, is "the positive consistent self-image or 'personality' (crucially including the desire that this self-image be appreciated and approved of) claimed by interactions".
