_	On this view, Jeremiah's prophecy that after seventy years God would punish the Babylonian kingdom (cf. Jer 25:12) and once again pay special attention to his people in responding to their prayers and restoring them to the land (cf. Jer 29:10-14) could not have been fulfilled by the disappointment that accompanied the return to the land in the Persian period, hence the necessity to extend the expiration date of the prophecy to the second century BCE.
_	"Loud" voiced the disappointment that many of NBC's employees felt under Silverman's leadership.
_	Finally he comes "home" to the disappointment that the elder sister has moved out, presumably in an act of nostalgia he re-enters the wardrobe but falls asleep and is found by the elder sister and the two have sex, only to be caught by the younger sister.
_	The theme of "Video Killed the Radio Star" is thus nostalgia, with the lyrics referring to a period of technological change in the 1960s, the desire to remember the past and the disappointment that children of the current generation would not appreciate the past.
_	The writer of "The English Review"’s article on "The Italian" in December 1796 attempted to make a rational assessment of the disappointment that some people felt in reading the novel, saying that:
_	Spreckels expressed the enthusiasm of San Diego's boosters in 1923, as well as the disappointment that it had not fully developed.:
_	He later went on to say, "I do understand and feel the disappointment that Yang Tae Young has been subjected to, and I hope he understands what I have been through as well."
_	The pomegranate had been introduced as an exotic to England the previous century, by John Tradescant the elder, but the disappointment that it did not set fruit there led to its repeated introduction to the American colonies, even New England.
_	In "Quadrant" magazine, Olivier Burckhardt largely echoed these sentiments, particularly the disappointment that "Byrne: A Novel" was not included.
_	Clarke asserts that the four major themes of "Other Voices, Other Rooms" are "the loneliness that afflicts all but the stupid or insensitive; the sacredness of love, whatever its form; the disappointment that invariably follows high expectations; and the perversion of innocence."
_	Brazil were slated to progress to the semi-finals, but a 3–2 defeat to Italy in one of the classic games in World Cup finals history, eliminated them from the tournament in the match that they refer to as "Sarrià's Disaster", referencing the stadium's name and the disappointment that followed.
_	Shoenmaker herself said that the disappointment that came from the cancellation of Ghost was overcome quickly.
_	That it comes from a series with such an exceptional pedigree and plenty of exceptional recent successes just makes the disappointment that much more bitter."
_	The song, originally titled "In Shades of Grey", addresses the great hopes following the fall of the Berlin Wall and the disappointment that followed.
_	The channel had been looking for a new videogaming series since the disappointment that was Blam!, an advertorial show for Gameplay.com, that aired in 2000.
_	Perry dreams of fame and fortune with the frog while, back in the Looney Tunes' world, Bugs reads the scene in a Superman comic and glumly foretells the disappointment that awaits Perry.
_	Historian William Keylor commented that initially both United States diplomats believed that they had "devised a brilliant solution to the reparation dilemma"; appeasing both the British and French, as well as Allied public opinion irrespective of the fact that Allied leaders were aware of concerns surrounding German willingness to pay reparations and the disappointment that could follow.
_	This may be in part because people engage in more defensive pessimism in advance of important outcomes, in an attempt to reduce the disappointment that follows overly optimistic predictions.
