_	By September, only £50 had been given to the public fund and the disclosure that Glover had purchased the island in 1872 for £70 did not help the collection.
_	In the "American Journalism Review", editor Rem Rieder noted that the disclosure that Armitage was Novak's "primary source" was insufficiently covered in the media.
_	On 3 December 1991, Ian Maxwell and his brother Kevin Maxwell resigned from the board of Maxwell Communication Corporation and nine hours later resigned from MGN, following the disclosure that "many million" of pounds had been transferred from the Mirror Group pension fund to Robert Maxwell's private companies apparently without due authority.
_	In March 2008, following the disclosure that Misha Defonseca's best-selling book, later turned into film "Survivre avec les loups" ('Survival with the Wolves') was a hoax, there was a debate in the French media (newspapers, radio and television) concerning the numerous false cases of feral children uncritically believed.
_	Dennis enters to see if there is any further news about Martin's fate, and commiserates with Garnett, stunning him with the disclosure that their seemingly imperturbable predecessor, Joe Lucas, actually died a suicide after repeatedly ordering men to their deaths.
_	This followed interest in the movement following the disclosure that the then Labour Leader John Smith was a member.
_	Further concern arose following the disclosure that subsidiaries of Quinn Insurance made guarantees in relation to the group's asset which had the effect of reducing the insurer's assets by 448m euros.
_	On 26 March, the US Federal Trade Commission announced it is "conducting an open investigation of Facebook Inc's privacy practices following the disclosure that 50 million users' data got into the hands of political consultancy Cambridge Analytica."
_	Some states will require a quotient to be listed on the disclosure that is sent to the customer prior to entering into a contract with a factoring company.
_	In a letter sent to Senator Ron Wyden in April 2018, Election Systems & Software made the disclosure that in fact "some" of the election management systems that they sold for voting did have remote-access software installed.
_	Informed consent is usually required for a study to be considered ethical, including the disclosure that some test subjects will receive placebo treatments.
_	High turnout, particularly in the large black community, was expected to benefit Williams until the disclosure that her former husband had shot to death her paramour changed the dynamics of the race.
_	Pearce's political decline actually began in 1972, with the disclosure that the state Market Commission had granted $330,000 in state loans to Winnfield Minerals, Inc., which went broke without repaying any of the funds.
_	The situation was not helped by the disclosure that Lay, his "reputation in tatters", stood to receive a payment of $60 million as a change-of-control fee subsequent to the Dynegy acquisition, while many Enron employees had seen their retirement accounts, which were based largely on Enron stock, ravaged as the price decreased 90% in a year.
_	During the 1980s the city was rocked by the disclosure that J. David & Co., an investment company run by the well-connected J. David "Jerry" Dominelli, was in reality a Ponzi scheme which had bilked hundreds of investors for an estimated $80 million.
_	A further burden was the disclosure that while she was a student in London, Wood had trained for five days as a Playboy bunny.
_	The 2017 festival attracted attention due to the disclosure that League had re-hired David Faraci as a writer even though Faraci resigned from "Birth.Movies.
_	Bernard Weinraub wrote, "What especially stirred the New York film world in recent weeks was the disclosure that Susan E. Morse, Mr. Allen's widely admired film editor for 22 years, would not be working on his new, untitled movie, which starts shooting in New York in August."
_	Up to that point, the government had only banded the disclosure that undersecretaries would be paid monthly stipend of between HK$193,773 to HK$223,586, and that political assistants would receive between HK$104,340 and HK$163,963 for their services.
_	Geoff Prosser resigned in July 1997 following the disclosure that he was a shopping centre landlord whilst he was responsible for commercial tenancy provisions of the "Trade Practices Act 1975".
_	November began with the disclosure that the SEC was now pursuing a formal investigation, prompted by questions related to Enron's dealings with "related parties".
_	Brenner openly suggests that the disclosure that a former CIA agent assassinated Martinez might damage relations with the United States' Latin American allies.
_	When a visit to the parents of the third results in the disclosure that the friend had died in the war, Jack, who knew as much but was in denial, relives the battlefield trauma of his buddy's death.
_	Zelikow prepared this memorandum after former commission members reviewed thousands of classified documents following the disclosure that the CIA in November 2005 destroyed videotapes documenting the interrogations of two al-Qaeda operatives.
_	The tumbling share price coincided with the disclosure that Nina Brink had sold her stake in the ISP in December, prior to the flotation, for $60 million.
_	This included details of the salaries of Miscavige and other high-ranking church officials, and the disclosure that the church was making about $300 million annually from a variety of sources.
_	The backlash from the letter led to the disclosure that Allison and other Duke members of the anthropology department were reprimanded in 2003 by Provost Peter Lange for misuse of university funds in 2003 for a similar publication of a political ad.
_	Working against Stewart was the disclosure that he had undergone treatment for a "nervous breakdown" in 1958, when he was eighteen years old.
_	On January 4, 2012, Los Angeles archbishop José Gómez announced that the Vatican had accepted Zavala's resignation following the disclosure that Zavala is the father of two teenaged children.
_	The event attracted attention due to the disclosure that Tim League had re-hired David Faraci as a writer even though Faraci resigned from "Birth.Movies.
_	Margolin was soon dropped from consideration upon the disclosure that he had been subpoenaed to appear before the federal grand jury investigating Cahn, with the appointment instead going in late March to David G. Trager, a professor at Brooklyn Law School.
_	At the time, the disclosure that links are sponsored was in small grey font in the upper-right-hand corner of the recommended articles box, which the BBB said was not prominent enough.
_	The comment came in connection with the disclosure that her campaign had paid far above market rates for advertising on a conservative political blog.
_	"UFO Magazine" was published in the United States and had covered every major breaking UFO story from the disclosure that a Soviet Spacecraft had encountered a UFO, to the Apollo Astronauts' accounts of an alien presence on the Moon.
_	A patent applicant may use the doctrine of inherency to respond to a rejection for lack of an adequate written description by showing that the patent application inherently includes the disclosure that is allegedly lacking.
_	He also survived the disclosure that he played a supporting role in a plagiarism episode that damaged Attorney General William L. Webster’s campaign for governor in 1992.
_	The announcement followed by just six days the disclosure that he had pleaded guilty on August 1, 2007 to a reduced misdemeanor charge arising out of his arrest on June 11 at the Minneapolis airport for soliciting sex with a man in the restroom.
