_	Furthermore, the doubt that accompanies OCD leads to uncertainty regarding whether one might act on the troubling thoughts, resulting in self-criticism or self-loathing.
_	This is the doubt that hangs over many minds, and ... [once] emotions are set in motion, and men pitted against men along these unspoken lines, you will have the kind of warfare that will split the nation from top to bottom and undo Malaysia."
_	The U.S. Supreme Court has consistently held that officers be given the benefit of the doubt that they acted lawfully in fulfilling their duties, a position reaffirmed in "Saucier v. Katz", 533 U.S. 194 (2001).
_	Nachiketa then asks for his third wish, asking Yama in verse 1.1.20, about the doubt that human beings have about "what happens after a person dies?
_	Louÿs, who had himself, throughout his career, published a number of works under different pseudonyms—he had even made his name by passing off his "The Songs of Bilitis" as an original collection of Greek poems translated by him—but had not in his vast correspondence suggested any possible link between Molière and Corneille, jumped at the chance to transpose onto Molière the doubt that some English-speaking authors (well before Abel Lefranc) had expressed about Shakespeare and to lend thus to Corneille the same taste for pseudonymity.
_	Louise Weinberg argues that, even giving the Court the benefit of the doubt that it acted appropriately in intervening in Florida state law, its actions should be deemed unconstitutional because its intervention was not coupled with any kind of remedy aimed at determining the actual outcome of the election.
_	It appears that Jim is healed of the doubt that has been stalking him, as in the final shot he finally manages to drive his car across the bridge which had previously blocked him.
_	And then everything stops, and there's a piano breakdown, and it's very melancholy and sad and theatrical, and the lyric shifts to the doubt that's behind all that arrogance.
_	The vocal range in the song ranges from the low note of D to the high note of F. Lyrically, "East to West" deals with the concept of forgiveness, and the doubt that God forgives and forgets all sin.
_	The magistrate could not find on the evidence that the accused had the necessary criminal responsibility, and gave him the benefit of the doubt that his version could possibly be true.
_	Pilar has a hard time with him leaving the school and then has the doubt that she might be pregnant with his baby, but it is revealed she isn't when the pregnancy test comes out negative.
_	He said, "False doubt doubts everything except itself; with the help of faith, the doubt that saves doubts only itself."
_	The movement uses a phrase of the Calabrian writer Corrado Alvaro to depict the spirit of the movement : ""The worst desperation of a society is the doubt that living honestly is useless.""
_	Scholars have little doubt about the general accuracy of the attribution; the doubt that does exist centres on the role of Massinger, since the play shows many typical signs of being a Middleton/Rowley collaboration.
_	Gangesa agrees that since pervasion is a universal invariant concomitance, therefore, the possibility of a counter example cannot be ruled out, and concludes that contradiction as natural opposition cannot block an infinite regress, it is the doubter’s own behaviour proving the lie to the doubt that blocks it acting as the "pratibandhaka".
_	Keen insight, fresh humor and instinct for realistic narration are its outstanding merits; its faults are lack of proportion, occasional garrulity and obtruded moralizing, but most of all the doubt that it leaves in the reader whether the Heinrich who had shown such persistent lack of character, especially in his relations with his mother, would so quickly be capable of discovering, rather than recovering, a normal balance of mind.
_	Even those who disagreed with Hostettler felt that they knew where he stood and would likely give him the benefit of the doubt that he regularly voted in principle and not for political ends.
_	Hume's lasting legacy, however, was the doubt that his skeptical arguments cast on the legitimacy of inductive reasoning, allowing many skeptics who followed to cast similar doubt.
_	At the height of his career, Carosone announced his retirement from music in 1960: "I'd rather retire now on the crest of the wave, than being tormented later by the doubt that yè-yè fashion and new armies wearing blue-jeans may wipe away all that I have achieved in so many years of work and worries".
_	In his final completed book, "Truth and Truthfulness: An Essay in Genealogy" (2002), Williams identifies the two basic values of truth as accuracy and sincerity, and tries to address the gulf between the demand for truth and the doubt that any such thing exists.
_	God...may have made him go wrong in mathematics...the evil genius merely reinforces the doubt that the external world may be a dream."
