_	He's worked hard his entire life and now lives the dream that attracts so many to the game."
_	In her original essay, "Goodbye to All That" (1970), Morgan bade adieu to "the dream that being in the leadership collective will get you anything but gonorrhea," referring to the "male Left."
_	Because I needed something in the show that was meaningless, because there is always something in the dream that doesn't make any sense at all.
_	Irma’s Injection is the name given to the dream that Sigmund Freud dreamt on the night of July 23, 1895.
_	In the dream that inspired the story, the Warren character was actually Lovecraft's friend Samuel Loveman.
_	Loveman also figured in the dream that became the prose poem "Nyarlathotep".
_	He Is in exile, but clinging to the dream that
_	Six months have passed since the end of "The Summer Tree", and Kim is waiting for the dream that will tell her how to summon the Warrior to aid them in their battle against Maugrim.
_	On "Galactica", Roslin has the dream that Emily described.
_	He bursts into the presence of Julius Caesar and tells the emperor that only the wild man of the woods can interpret the dream that has been troubling him.
_	The success of "UFC 40" provided a glimmer of hope for the UFC and kept alive the dream that mixed martial arts could become big.
_	Urvashi was instructed in the dream that the idol of Varaha Narasimha should be covered with sandalwood paste for the whole year except on the third day of the Vaisakha month.
_	In 1930 under the director of the Normal School, Hermann Cooper, of land west of Central Avenue were bought with the dream that one day it would become a campus.
_	After entering the Faisali Covenant and the independence of Syria from the Ottoman Empire, Kurd 'Ali found the opportunity to fulfill the dream that he had had for long: the establishment of an Arab Academy in Damascus in a similar manner like in other civilized nations with the aim of saving the Arabic heritage and protecting and developing the Arabic language as a vehicle for disseminating literature and sciences.
_	Russell, who makes a habit of writing his dreams down, knew instantly upon reading his summary of the dream that this was the story he wanted to pursue.
_	With him aboard the Lifeships, countless others travel in their cryopods, sleeping with the dream that they will be able to wake up and have a second chance.
_	Freud dreamt the dream that is now known as "Irma’s Injection".
_	In the dream that led him to this location, he was guided by "the seven rays of light... surrounding the head of the crucified Redeemer."
_	He longed only to be with "the sea, the wind, the virgin sand of the desert, the infinity of far-off skies in which wheel the numberless hosts of the skies... and the dream that I became one with them."
_	While not physically present at Silvanesti, Flint is still involved in the dream that takes place there.
_	Enoch’s first dream vision in 1 Enoch 83 recounts the dream that Enoch had in the house of Mahalalel his grandfather, and which Mahalalel explains to him.
_	The victory is bittersweet, as he remembers the dream that he and Dexter had of winning the Powder-8, and in the end, he and Robin reconcile as he finally reveals that he loves her.
_	Likewise, if the dreamer perceives a friend to be selfish, then in the dream that friend will behave in a selfish manner.
_	At the end of the series Ibuki is attending an all-girls college still hanging unto the dream that she can be with Yusaku Godai.
_	After Jackie leaves, Tony has to fake a happy face when he finds that Meadow has bought him a Big Mouth Billy Bass, which reminds him of the dream that made him realize Pussy's betrayal.
_	He left and founded Future Growing with the dream that someday everybody on the planet would have access to healthy food in their own home and local community.
_	One of the most persistent mythologies, concerning the origin of worship at the site, is associated with the dream that was experienced by a local priest.
_	At the deepest level Isidore's encyclopedia is rooted in the dream that language can capture the universe and that if we but parse it correctly, it can lead us to the proper understanding of God's creation.
_	It is heard for the first time in a distorted form in the second act when Jean recounts the dream that haunts him.
_	Upon consulting a more optimistic vision of himself, Kermit remembers that it was not just his friends' belief in the dream that brought them this far, but also his own faith in himself.
_	In an article he wrote for "Life" magazine Williams discussed why he chose her for the part:"Anna and I had both cherished the dream that her appearance in the part I created for her in "The Fugitive Kind" would be her greatest triumph to date...
_	Dr. Goodwin was successful, possibly beyond the wildest dreams of he or Dr. Chandler, in getting John and Abby to become part of the dream that ended up becoming Colonial Williamsburg (CW).
_	Shrivastava and his team is working for achieving the dream that "one day will come when not a single child will sleep hungry at footpaths, when every child will get ready in the morning to go to school not to some dhaba or restaurant for cleaning the utensils, not to some traffic signals for begging and not to some street for picking up the rags".
_	Unfortunately that marriage did not turn out to be the dream that she had envisioned.
_	The second reason the dream is important is because it is after the dream that the narrator begins to let go, just as his father had told him.
_	Thus for Creighton, Canadian history after 1891 was for the most part the story of missed opportunities, thwarted ambition, and hopes scattered as the dream that was Canada was slowly allowed to unravel.
_	God told Abimelech in the dream that God knew that Abimelech had a blameless heart, and so God had kept him from touching her.
_	The intellectual story of Valparaiso University in the post-war years might be best summarized by John Strietelmeier who wrote that what united the VU thinkers of this period was "the dream that somewhere there might be a place where high faith and high intellect might meet to provide an apostate age with a new vision and a new hope."
_	The same organization is also revealed to have had a hand in the creation of Serpentor, as the dream that inspired Dr. Mindbender to create him was actually a subconscious suggestion implanted into him by one of Golobulus' bugs.
_	He believed that the manifest content was the consciously experienced aspect of the dream, while the latent content was the hidden inspiration of the dream that could only be remembered after free-association.
_	The commercial success of UFC 40 provided a glimmer of hope for the UFC and kept alive the dream that mixed martial arts could become big.
_	Richard Schickel wrote in "Life" that "Jan Troell has made "the" masterpiece about the dream that shaped America - a dream, and an America, fast disappearing from our views."
_	He also said in a later interview about the dream that his mother had told him, "It will be all right, just let it be."
_	In 1968 Ligier established "Ligier Cars" to build his own sports-racing cars in fulfillment of the dream that he and former teammate, business partner and close friend, the late Jo Schlesser had shared to build a "good car".
_	One day Rocket bit a boy and the police wanted to take Rocket away, but Danny wouldn't have this so him and Rocket ran away to pursue the dream that Beau had always wanted.
_	It consists of all the elements of actual images, thoughts, and content within the dream that the individual is cognitively aware of upon awakening.
_	Whereas latent content is the underlying meaning of a dream that may not be remembered when a person wakes up, manifest content is the content from the dream that a person remembers upon waking and can be analyzed by a psychoanalytic psychologist.
_	It is intended to represent the work ethic and spirit of Western Pennsylvania, as well as the dream that an education can allow people a chance to escape the coal mines.
_	In the dream that opens the game, Ryan is asked by the master monk of the Keepers to be the "deliverer" and kill the seven evils, who are united to break the Dreamweb and send mankind spiraling into chaos.
_	His theories state that dreams have two parts: a manifested content, which is the remembered dream after we wake, and a latent content, or the dream that we do not remember which is considered part of the unconscious.
_	"Krivis" (pagan priest) Lizdeika interpreted the dream that the Iron Wolf represents Vilnius Castles.
_	Rekindled the dream that had gone before,
_	His large-scale installation, titled "Fast Forward" (2009), included BMX ramps adjacent to a wall-to-ceiling collection of trophies and customized BMX bikes, and he continued this theme in his installation "Look for the dream that keeps coming back" (2010) at Kunsthalle Galapagos.
_	Also, New York has to make a decision on whether to close another chapter that is the New York of the past or threaten the dream that Tiffany the actress has built.
_	He shared in the dream that all the Heroes of the Lance endured when several of the heroes (including Caramon) entered the realm of Silvanesti and found themselves trapped in the nightmare of Lorac, Speaker of the Stars.
_	Arun drops Lakshmi at the airport, and puts the original diamond necklace into her bag, so that she can fulfill the dream that she and her mother had seen, the hospital.
_	It opened to men starting in the fall semester of 2009 with the dream that it would become a creative hotspot on campus.
_	The narrator acknowledges, however, that not all people take pride in who they are in such a way: for instance, he carries his name with him "like [his] daddy did," but the narrator, choosing to handle life differently, is "living the dream that [his father] kept hid."
_	He understands that the dream that has obsessed him since childhood must have come from a fragment of a similar cube that had been found in a Cro-Magnon cave with artifacts dated to 20,000 B.C. Sandy suggests looking for cube readers, reasoning that learning from a cube by sleeping near it is inefficient.
_	On 6 June 1954 he saw in the dream that she was playing in early ages with Sir Syed Ahmed Khan and he raised his hand on the head of Raheel Begum as a daughter and started to struggle for the development of women education and also in the interest of Pakistan.
_	Vijay grows up with the dream that one day, he will come face to face with the bureaucracy with a simple request; that his village 'Badlapur' receives government's attention to solve their water crisis.
_	The parts of the dream that are retained the next day likely dissipate overnight.
_	Living the dream that Charlie tells Shawn about previously during the boat scene.
_	The proclamation recognized Chicago as the original home of house music and that the music's original creators "were inspired by the love of their city, with the dream that someday their music would spread a message of peace and unity throughout the world".
_	However, he also warned that his father's dream would not be completely fulfilled even if Obama won the presidency, because the country was suffering from a poor health care system, education system, housing market and justice system, and that "we all have to roll up our sleeves and do work to ensure that the dream that he shared can be fulfilled."
_	In Karachi he saw in the dream that she was playing in early ages with Sir Syed Ahmed Khan and he raised his hand on they had of Raheel Begum as a daughter and stated to struggle for the development of women education and also in the interest of Pakistan.
_	He tries to reinvigorate them, to let them see the dream that he wishes to share.
_	Tired with all the walking, she soon falls asleep by the waterfall and the dream that follows is bizarre, horrifying, where she is bound up tight in a shady dungeon and tortured mercilessly.
_	Baek Jong-won started Bornga with the dream that he will create a new Korean cuisine that would be accessible to foreigners and not just Koreans, furthermore globalize the menu.
_	Thutmose IV restored the Sphinx and had the dream that inspired his restoration carved on the famous Dream Stele.
