_	In response, the London "Evening News" answered the "Methodist Times" by suggesting that if the Methodist Church was so concerned about the effect that the film industry was having upon family life in Britain, it should start producing its own family-friendly films.
_	Although the 2000 edition of the Coincraft catalogue of British coins says the wartime pause was due to a surplus of pennies, numismatist Kerry Rodgers, in his 2016 article on the currency emergency in Fiji during the Second World War, cited a colonial legislative record to the effect that it was to conserve copper for munitions.
_	The sura claims that, when it was first narrated by Muhammad in Mecca, all Muslims and non-Muslims who heard the recitation prostrated to God upon its completion due to the effect that the words had upon them.
_	Had they come to me and said, 'Give us money and food,' I could only have replied in the negative, or, at all events, to the effect that I could not feed their converts, and so they took the law into their own hands.
_	This represents the change in the magnitude of the effect that the independent variable has on the dependent variable after controlling for the mediator.
_	Some conceptions of equality of opportunity, particularly the substantive and level playing field variants, have been criticized on the basis that they make assumptions to the effect that people have similar genetic makeups.
_	The final decision was taken by a "higher authority", after consultation with Ford and Shillington, to the effect that the march would be allowed to go ahead, but should be "(contained) within the general area of the Bogside and the Creggan Estate so as to prevent rioting in the City centre and damage to commercial premises and shops."
_	The prison governor informed him that a new ordinance had been promulgated to the effect that "Article 58 prisoners" should be kept apart from other prisoners.
_	It was said that the real reason why he was not paid anything was the fact that Sir Christopher's expenses came within a few shillings of the maximum, but there was no evidence of any contract to the effect that Sir Christopher Furness would pay the Election Agent's fee if he could do so without exceeding the maximum of expense."
_	Finally, P. M. (Pat) Estes, then of St. Louis, made a motion to the effect that the challenge be accepted and that E. H. Jones be authorized and directed to organize and captain a team for the occasion.
_	In 1916 the Russian ambassador in London issued an official notice to the effect that the Imperial government considered Henrietta, along with other Arctic islands, integral parts of the Russian Empire.
_	Kao and Yasumoto concluded in the first of their papers in 1986 (and remained unswerving on the matter in their later work) that "the widely circulated claim in the lay press to the effect that tetrodotoxin is ... causal agent" in a "zombification process" is, in their view, "without factual foundation."
_	There was speculation that this might have been behind reports to the effect that he was particularly considerate in looking after subordinates who were unwell and/or getting on in years.
_	In January 1934, he made a comment while shopping at the local tobacco shop at Schöneiche Berlin to the effect that Hitler was synonymous with war.
_	The conjecture as stated above is due to Takashi Agoh (1990); an equivalent formulation is due to Giuseppe Giuga, from 1950, to the effect that "p" is prime if and only if
_	The results show the effect that the other species has on the species being calculated.
_	Section 26, Clause 5 amends PPERA to the effect that, when determining the intention of expenditure, "...it is immaterial that it can reasonably be regarded as intended to achieve any other purpose as well.
_	With enjambment and without punctuation, Brontë creates the effect that life is transient, death is close and that the pains and "fears" of living will not be endured for long.
_	Age and newness also play roles in the effect that this technique has on other countries in the eyes of the Koreans.
_	Many studies have looked at the "content of messages", while what matters is the effect that "participation" in the group has on the individual.
_	At the end of the war, the Minister of Home Security, Herbert Morrison, quoted from a secret report to the effect that there had been a panic, caused by the discharge of anti-aircraft rockets, fired from nearby Victoria Park.
_	Expecting that this superior firepower would give his design a clear advantage leading to a quick production contract, as had so often happened in the past, Renault was unpleasantly surprised when lobbying by Poniatowski contributed to a change in specifications to the effect that a 75 mm gun had to be carried in the hull.
_	Many are housekeeping measures or lack substantial public support, but matters of great public concern are also considered such as the Taxpayer Bill of Rights (TABOR), enacted in 1992, which amended Article X of the Colorado Constitution to the effect that any tax increase resulting in the increase of governmental revenues at a rate faster than the combined rate of population increase and inflation as measured by either the cost of living index at the state level, or growth in property values at the local level, would be subjected to a popular vote in a referendum.
_	The imperial government made an agreement with the Cape Government to the effect that if the Cape would bear half the cost of any necessary expedition, assist with troops, and give full use of the Cape railway for military purposes if required, a protest would be sent to President Kruger on the subject.
_	In the cases of software, movies, and other copyrighted material, many vendors will offer only a direct exchange for another copy of the same title, with the effect that the initial transfer or license of intellectual-property rights is preserved.
_	Since then the UMNO Assembly had passed a very important resolution to the effect that independence for Malaya must be given by 31 August 1957.
_	Another reason may have been that Himmler hesitated to carry out the execution of German Jews for fear of the effect that it might have on the attitude the United States, which as of November 30, 1941, was not yet at war with Germany.
_	The song is a ballad, with Williams singing about the effect that meeting her lover has had on her.
_	Assertions to the effect that "the first movement represents Fate" are oversimplifications: according to a letter the composer wrote to Madame von Meck in 1878, it is actually the fanfare first heard at the opening ("the kernel, the quintessence, the chief thought of the whole symphony") that stands for "Fate", with this being "the fatal power which prevents one from attaining the goal of happiness ...
_	These signs of the effect that watching the hanging has upon the men of the regiment are explained away by the Sergeant as being due to the cold weather or the bright sun.
_	When asked by reporters why he did so, he replied something to the effect that it was symbolic of the speed and intellect of the federal judicial system, but also that he supported 'tradition.'
_	Manning's efforts created a strong debate in the Reform party, and he would even write a letter to the effect that he didn't want to lead Reform anymore, but would only lead the new party.
_	Sykes was concerned that rumours were swirling around the "Morning Post"'s editor to the effect that Robertson was plotting with Asquith to bring back the old government.
_	Oral evidence may be given to the effect that the written document did not in fact constitute a contract at all: for example that:
_	The vast differences contesters face in the locations from which they operate contests, and the effect that location has on both radio propagation and the proximity to major populations of amateur radio operators also conspired to make comparisons of the top performers in the sport difficult.
_	The Chargers had a clause in their contract, to the effect that if they paid off all debts to the city and county for the upgrades to the current stadium by 2007, then the team could pull out of its lease in 2008; however, the clause was not activated.
_	In the special case of the contract of sale, this rule has the effect that the risk of destruction passes back to the seller who is in mora.
_	From a broader perspective, it is important in illustrating the effect that access to rail transport in the late 19th century had on Brisbane's urban environment, creating in the 1870s and 1880s a string of "outer" suburbs along the new railway lines into the capital.
_	This often has the effect that the central streets of San Giorgio are normally crowded and heavy with traffic in the late evening.
_	Bülbring was concerned with the effect that neurotransmitters, particularly acetylcholine and adrenaline, have on smooth muscle tension.
_	However, the same article adds a caveat to the effect that a country’s minimum age of criminal responsibility may be lower than 18, as stipulated by national law.
_	The Chinese, on the other hand, though poor, sent a courteous message to the effect that they did not require payment in money, but would be perfectly happy if I would give them, as a memento, copies of their photographs."
_	Jerome, speaking of the Old Testament canon established by Melito, quotes Tertullian to the effect that he was esteemed as a prophet by many of the faithful.
_	Also, psychopathy increases the effect that porn has on the development of deviant fantasies such its contribution to the likelihood of engaging in rape fantasies.
_	A guitarist will individually choose how much preparation to use for each stroke, depending on personal choice and the effect that is to be produced.
_	Negative criticism can have the effect that the people criticized feel attacked or insulted by it, so that they either do not take it seriously, or react badly to it.
_	Michelle Danner’s 2013 film "Hello Herman" catalogs the effect that peer abuse, parental neglect and the general coarsening of society has on a typical high school student.
_	In the 1659 instructions given by the Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith (known as the "Propaganda Fide") to new missionaries to Asia, provisions were clearly made to the effect that adapting to local customs and respecting the habits of the countries to be evangelised was paramount:
_	This has often been interpreted to the effect that they are remnants of the original expansion from Africa some 70 kya.
_	Four days after the incident, the Tanzanian government released a statement to the effect that 281 people had been killed by the crash, or had died subsequently in hospital, although this number was likely to increase, given the number of people injured critically.
_	On April 11, 1582, the Lords of the Council wrote to the Lord Mayor to the effect that, as "her Majesty sometimes took delight in those pastimes, it had been thought not unfit, having regard to the season of the year and the clearance of the city from infection, to allow of certain companies of players in London, partly that they might thereby attain more dexterity and perfection in that profession, the better to content her Majesty".
_	After this a committee of experts appointed by UOI has submitted in report to the effect that the way which has to be made by breaking Ram Sethu was not in feasible one and that another route which does not interfere with the Sethu was the only feasible way.
_	Secondly, four members of the majority (Chief Justice French and Justices Gummow, Crennan and Bell) rejected a narrower submission to the effect that the Commonwealth executive could spend money on any subject matter that corresponded to a head of Commonwealth legislative power, as identified in sections 51, 52 and 122 of the Constitution.
_	In addition to the sheer mass of the animals present, harvesting them is made considerably easier by the effect that the oxygen deprivation has on the animals.
_	Non bis in idem, which translates literally from Latin as "not twice in the same [thing]", is a legal doctrine to the effect that no legal action can be instituted twice for the same cause of action.
_	This kind of research has a significant overlap with language education, and it is mainly concerned with the effect that instruction has on the learner.
_	In her affidavit, Dona Cadman "repeats very clearly her recollection of her husband's words to the effect that two Conservative operatives... offered him a million dollar life insurance policy in exchange for his vote," said LeBlanc.
_	A central theme of this story focuses on the effect that magic and pagan faith healing has had on the medical profession.
_	He gave a speech at the opening ceremony, describing how, with his busy schedule, he sets his own deadline and uses the effect that it has on him to create the works all in one go.
_	To show the effect that this increase in velocity has had on hitters in the big leagues, we can look at the runs scored stat.
_	Florida and the remaining thirteen states with specific restrictions all carry a provision to the effect that the state legislature may enact laws regulating the carrying, concealing, and/or wearing of arms.
_	The speaker(s) connected to the center channel are placed in the center of and behind the perforated projection screen, to give the effect that sounds from the center channel are coming from the screen.
_	At a military court of inquiry, held subsequently in lieu of an inquest, medical evidence was given to the effect that death was instantaneous.
_	Strangely enough, despite the extreme ugliness of Yukk's face and the effect that it has on almost everyone and everything else around him, both Mighty Man and his alter ego Brandon Brewster have proven to be "almost" completely immune to negative effects from Yukk's face, even at "close range"; greatly repulsed, to the point of screaming, but otherwise unharmed.
_	The collection explores the effect that the Doctor has on the lives of those he meets.
_	According to student tradition, stepping on the "PH" will cause a student to become cursed, with the effect that the offender will fail his or her degree and so students are known to jump over the cobblestones when passing.
_	Simple survival represented a considerable achievement under the circumstances of her two decades in espionage, and seem to justify the media epithets she attracted to the effect that she was "Stalin's best spy" (""Stalins beste Spionin"").
_	"As Is" portrays the effect that AIDS, a relatively new epidemic in the 1980s, has on a group of friends living in New York City.
_	There is some authority to the effect that a court will not generally grant a declaration if it considers the issue at hand to be an academic question or one that is entirely hypothetical.
_	It explores the effect that methamphetamine has had on the Navajo Nation and interviews the people whose lives have been affected by the highly addictive drug.
_	This typically reduces the effect that the furrows from the cart wheels will have on balls.
_	Oda later made secret overtures to the effect that if Kiyoyasu attacked his province he would be on his side, his intention being to oust his elder brother Nobuhide, the head of the clan.
_	The revelation of the text messages led Republican congressmen and right wing media to start pushing conspiracy theories to the effect that Strzok was involved in a secret plot a undermine the Trump presidency and they used the text messages as part of a campaign to discredit Mueller's investigation.
_	The King, however, refused to recognize the election, and Prince Louis made a statement to the effect that Walon would never be bishop of Beauvais, and that the King should install Étienne immediately, which was done.
_	The court also observed "(the conviction rate under the IMDT act) comes to less than half per cent of the cases initiated...(the IMDT Act) is coming to the advantage of such illegal migrants as any proceedings initiated against them almost entirely ends in their favour, enables them to have a document having official sanctity to the effect that they are not illegal migrants."
_	New World, meanwhile, was concerned about the effect that the network's loss of NFC rights to Fox would have on both CBS, which was near the bottom of the network ratings at the time, and on the group's CBS-affiliated stations.
_	The was a law passed by the Tokugawa Shogunate in 1825 to the effect that all foreign vessels should be driven away from Japanese waters.
_	Reports quickly made it to Far West to the effect that a "mob" had captured and intended to execute a group of Mormon prisoners.
_	The two-way shape-memory effect is the effect that the material remembers two different shapes: one at low temperatures, and one at the high-temperature shape.
_	She had seen the effect that the indenture system had had on Indians in Fiji, particularly on women, and did her best to have the system abolished.
_	Brown's opposition to the 2017 tax bill led to what was described as a "shouting match" with Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah, who accused Brown of "spouting off" to the effect that the tax bill benefited the rich.
_	They all agreed on a Cold War consensus to the effect that all good Americans were ideologically united, with the result that potentially divisive civil rights issues were not emphasized.
_	About the time that the production system was completely falling apart, there were some opinions to the effect that, "If we can't do satisfactory work, then what's the point of continuing?"
_	The State Department also highlighted the fact that, in the case of Richard Welch, "Grivas bizarrely accuses the CIA of playing a role in the assassination of one of its own senior officials" as well as the Greek government's statements to the effect that the "stay behind" network had been dismantled in 1988.
_	At the end is a direction in Irish to the effect that here the "dignum of the addition" ("dignum in tormaig"), i.e. the Proper Preface, comes in, if it ends with "per quem".
_	Cockburn explores the subjective experience of being diagnosed with schizophrenia and the effect that it has on family and friends.
_	Public rumors to the effect that Lukanov would be slain had been in existence for months before the killing was carried out.
_	Blackpool Council was reported to be studying the effect that the shipwreck had on tourism, and looking to learn lessons that could help boost tourism.
_	Following protests by the First Nation over this spill, the Provincial Government passed the Boat Harbour Act 2015 to the effect that effluent treatment must cease no later than January 31, 2020.
_	However, the difficult situation of the municipalities with language facilities had the effect that no other municipalities liked to merge with those (unless they had the same facilities already).
_	To enable Winsor to make that decision, Darling knew he needed to make a formal statement to Parliament to the effect that the government had reviewed the economic regulatory regime for the railways and was satisfied with it, and in particular that its independence was an essential cornerstone of the regime and of continuing private investor confidence in the railways.
_	Pollock explores the meaning of the effect that it would have on the community if Lizzie Borden was in fact a murderer.
_	Richland replied that the statute was complex and highly technical, and cited the Court's 1980 "United States v. Payner" to the effect that "a complicated law ... simply cannot be the basis for a reasonable expectation of privacy".
_	The English Government kept an eye on his work, as we learn from the state papers, where we read the evidence of one Henry Simpson at York in 1571, to the effect that Fowler printed all the English books in Leuven and that Dr. Harding's Welsh servant, William Smith, used to bring the works to the press.
_	A ready berth clause is inserted in a charterparty, "i.e." a stipulation to the effect that laydays will begin to count as soon as the vessel has arrived at the port of loading or discharge "whether in berth or not".
_	As part of this deal, the government included a to the effect that NCB could demand within the next three years that the government purchase any claims which had fallen by twenty percent or more from value.
_	He put a traditional Galenist argument, to the effect that experience alone of was of limited value to medical practitioners.
_	He nevertheless froze to death, but before he died, he wrote a note to the effect that whoever should find him and bury him in their church should inherit his Plymstock estate.
_	Section 106A has the effect that any modification or discharge of a s 106 Agreement must be agreed by deed between the parties and in accordance with s 106B.
_	The two visitors take their leave, slightly puzzled by a comment from Miss Greenshaw to the effect that she thought they were policemen when she saw them in her grounds…
_	The most remarkable, contained in his "Chronologiae ex nummis antiquis restitutae" (1696) and "Prolegomena ad censuram veterum scriptorum", was to the effect that, with the exception of the works of Homer, Herodotus and Cicero, the "Natural History" of Pliny, the "Georgics" of Virgil, and the "Satires" and "Epistles" of Horace, all the ancient classics of Greece and Rome were spurious, having been manufactured by monks of the 13th century, under the direction of a certain Severus Archontius with whom he might have meant Frederick II.
_	1844 Windeyer moved an amendment to a Bill proposing to bring in Lord Stanley's system of national education, to the effect that primary education should be established for the poor 'gratuitously if necessary' and to allow government aid for denominational schools in some circumstances.
_	A statement was adopted in the name of the "Bureau of the International Socialist Commission" to the effect that the Third Zimmerwald Conference would take place five days before the proposed general Stockholm Conference, but should the conference not meet by September 15, 1917 the commission was empowered to call a conference of affiliates anyway.
_	Grove White had a note from Walter Jones of Doneraile to the effect that Garrett Nagle of Ballinamona having been implicated in the pretenders rebellion of 1745 had to leave for France with all his possessions during the voyage he lost all his books, jewels and manuscripts amongst which the later were some unpublished works of the poet Spencer, which he inherited through a great-grandmother.
_	A mural tablet was afterwards set up on the north side of the chancel, with an epitaph which contains a conceit worthy of his own pen, to the effect that while he was endeavouring (i.e. in the "Worthies") to give immortality to others, he himself attained it.
_	The contributions of three main lewis structures are listed in the following table from which we could see the effect that substitution has on iminoboranes' bonding scheme.
_	On the effect that Communists historically had on foreign countries, Jackson analyzed their effect on Czechoslovakia.
_	Performed in conjunction with certain drum cadences, "Shake the Fringe" refers to the effect that results from a Longhorn Band member moving their shoulders back and forth in quick, violent motions.
_	In recent years Terylene and nylon have been used with the effect that coloured spinnakers are now used by most boats.
_	Hrdy added, "Evolutionary biology did eventually respond to these criticisms, yet in their lifetimes, the effect that these early Darwinian feminists—Eliot, Blackwell, Royer, and a few others—had on mainstream evolutionary theory can be summed up with one phrase: the road not taken."
_	The Global leadership awards were created to honor those who, via their actions exemplify the effect that positive leadership can have on their own communities and communities around the world.
_	This is an area that should be researched more in order to better understand their habitat selection and the effect that these land-use practices have on organism.
_	This allowance of keeping Italian citizenship is not applicable in all cases of an Italian acquiring foreign citizenship, because Italy has maintained treaties with some states to the effect that an Italian naturalising in one of those states could lose Italian citizenship automatically.
_	Usually count-ins are edited off the final audio mix; however, record producer George Martin wanted to create the effect that the album was a live performance: "I had been up to the Cavern and I'd seen what they could do, I knew their repertoire, and I said 'Let's record every song you've got, come down to the studios and we'll just whistle through them in a day'".
_	When Harry Horowitz and Lefty Louis Rosenberg were arrested in September 1912 and charged with killing Rosenthal, rumors circulated to the effect that Paul had paid for their attorney, former magistrate Charles Wahle.
_	These new rules had the effect that while about 8,151 family reunification permits were granted in 2002, the number had fallen to 3,525 by 2005.
_	Obama the following apology: On April 14, 2008, Johnson made comments to the effect that Obama would not be the Democratic Party's leading candidate if he were not black, in support of the prior statement made by Geraldine Ferraro.
_	After the accession to the throne of Prussia of Frederick William IV, the "conflict of Cologne" was to be settled amicably by an agreement between Church and State, to the effect that Archbishop Clemens August von Droste-Vischering would relinquish the personal direction of the archdiocese, which should pass over to a coadjutor with the right of succession.
_	Tewksbury was transported to a hospital, and while en route, made statements to the effect that he did not understand why he had been stabbed, because he had been cooperative and had complied with the robbers' requests.
_	Suvannaphūmā resisted, fearing the effect that devaluation would have on the Lao people.
_	The media reported that he had issued a battalion order to the effect that: any soldier who became involved in the third force would be dismissed.
_	The unique cribstone design of the bridge permits the substantial tides of that area to flow freely through it, greatly reducing the effect that flow would otherwise have on boats transiting its narrow channel opening.
_	Levitt uses this statistic and other data gleaned from sumo wrestling matches, along with the effect that allegations of corruption have on match results, to conclude that those who already have 8 wins collude with those who are 7-7 and let them win, since they have already secured their position for the following tournament.
_	The Book of Numbers (Chapter 20) gives a detailed statement to the effect that, soon after the incident at Meribah (Kadesh), when Moses and Aaron showed impatience by bringing water out of a rock to quench the thirst of the people after God commanded them to speak to the rock, Aaron, his son Eleazar, and Moses ascended Mount Hor, on the edge of the borders of Edom.
_	Reports claimed that it had attracted the support of white supremacy groups, interpreting the theory to the effect that the "original inhabitants of the Americas" were "white Europeans," "the Solutreans," and that the present-day Native Americans (Indians) are the descendants of "later immigrants" from Asia.
_	Sukarno, desperate for a decisive victory and apprehensive of the effect that the fruitless conflict was having upon his country, was beginning to order stronger attacks to win a decisive military victory and drive the British from the border lines.
_	2004–05 saw a bold strengthening of the squad, for once eschewing their cosmopolitan recruitment policy and securing mainly English based players, possibly with one eye on the effect that international call-ups had had in previous seasons.
_	As previously discussed, the effect that eye movement has on human behavior has been widely studied.
_	The canto opens with an epigraph in Latin to the effect that while the human spirit is not love, it delights in the love that proceeds from it.
_	Some have questioned the effect that aggressive and obtrusive photographers have on the subjects they cover.
_	On 30 November 2015, Horner J in the High Court in Belfast made a declaration of incompatibility under the Human Rights Act 1998 to the effect that Northern Ireland's law on abortion, specifically its lack of provision in cases of fatal foetal abnormality or where the pregnancy is the result of rape or incest, could not be interpreted in a manner consistent with Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights.
_	Many arguments were presented to the effect that smoking was harmful, and even if the critics were in the end right about many of their claims, the complaints were usually not based on scientific arguments, and if they were, these often relied on humorism and other pre-modern scientific methods.
_	One American prisoner stated that Thomson had provoked Provoo by responded to Provoo's demand that he bring him some food with a comment to the effect that next time he saw Provoo he would kick him so hard that Provoo could taste his boot.
_	The move created such an atmosphere that rival publisher and fellow LPC client Dark Horse felt moved to issue a statement to the effect that they were "in a profitable position."
_	The group utilizes next-generation sequencing technologies, genetic screens, and bioinformatics to increase the knowledge of the effect that cancer genomes have on drug sensitivity and resistance in relation to patients.
_	FdlM draws inspiration from his New York backdrop and the effect that time and the elements have on urban surfaces.
_	She was in the last stages of consumption, and her story was to the effect that her husband lived on her wages, which he forced her to obtain by a life of sin ...
_	After the war Chester Wilmot quoted correspondence with the developer of the tanks, Major General Percy Hobart, to the effect that the failure to use such tanks was a major contributing factor to the losses at Omaha Beach, and that Bradley had deferred the decision whether to use the tanks to his staff who had not taken up the offer, other than in respect of the DD (swimming) tanks.
_	The 1916 Act empowered the City Council, with the approval of the Governor-in-Council, to resume land simply by passing a resolution to the effect that resumption was necessary.
_	Thus identifying caudal luring entails observing the effect that tail movements have on prey species, a burden of evidence that is woefully lacking in much of the literature on this intriguing behaviour.
_	In the 1979 "Convention on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women," or CEDAW, the UN officially adopted a provision, item (g) of CEDAW's Article 16, to the effect that women and men, and specifically wife and husband, shall have the same rights to choose a "family name", as well as a "profession" and an "occupation".
_	In his summing up, the Judge addressed the Court to the effect that the Crown case was that the driver of the lead locomotive had deliberately run past the distant signal at too great a pace and, expecting that the passage through the station would be clear, he found the home signal at danger and a train at the platform too late to stop clear.
_	This has the effect that two consecutive boosts is not a pure boost in general, but a rotation preceding a boost.
_	Among the graves are many graves of children, demonstrating the effect that childhood disease had on the community.
_	In April 2017, media reported that negotiations involving the U.S. and Turkish governments were undergoing, to the effect that Zarrab would be extradited to Turkey while in return "Turkey would be much less resistant to the US’s missions in Syria, and primarily its support to the PYD."
_	Nancy, this notion of cinema as ""evidence"", rather than as documentary or imagination, is tied to the way Kiarostami deals with life-and-death (cf. the remark by Geoff Andrew on "ABC Africa", cited above, to the effect that Kiarostami's films are not about death but about life-and-death):
_	Finally, Ivan's new rule of government, formally set forth in his last will to the effect that the domains of all his kinsfolk, after their deaths, should pass directly to the reigning Grand Duke instead of reverting, as hitherto, to the princes' heirs, put an end once and for all to these semi-independent princelings.
_	He rejected "Sadler's law" put forth by Michael Thomas Sadler two years earlier, to the effect that higher population density led to lower fertility, on the basis of empirical work in some urban areas.
_	But this is an exact reiteration of the objection by Nestorius, resolved in the 5th century, to the effect that the term "Mother" expresses exactly the relation of Mary to the incarnate Son ascribed to Mary in Christian theology.
_	On 16 May 1932 Mikhail Tukhachevsky filed a memorandum to the effect that GIRD and the State (GDL) of Leningrad should be combined, and the result was the Reaction-Engine Scientific Research Institute (RNII), founded on 21 September 1933.
_	Casting for the female lead in "Casino Royale" (2006) was hindered by potential actresses' concerns about the effect that playing the role might have on their careers.
_	The astonishing colours and grotesque forms of some animals and plants which the museum zoologists gravely described without comment were shown by these observers of living nature to have their significance in the economy of the organism possessing them; and a general doctrine was recognized, to the effect that no part or structure of an organism is without definite use and adaptation, being designed by the Creator for the benefit of the creature to which it belongs, or else for the benefit, amusement or instruction of his highest creatureman.
_	These meetings corroborated earlier intelligence to the effect that Talaat Pasha was seeking support from Muslim countries to form a serious opposition movement against the Allied Powers, and that he was soon intending to take refuge in Ankara, where the Turkish national movement was forming.
_	The fountain bears an inscription to the effect that it is "intended as a memorial of those members of Parliament who, with Mr. Wilberforce, advocated the abolition of the British slave-trade, achieved in 1807; and of those members of Parliament who, with Sir T. Fowell Buxton, advocated the emancipation of the slaves throughout the British dominions, achieved in 1834.
_	The expansion of the theatres of war and the methods of combat used in the Balkans and the Soviet Union had the effect that communication intelligence was burdened with additional missions which initially had not been expected and which led to the organization of units employing special techniques.
_	Paul Gruber's agent Ralph Cindrich made public statements to the effect that their contract offer was offensive, although executive Phil Krueger countered that the team's offer was higher than what Bennie Blades, the player drafted ahead of Gruber, had signed for; and that Cindrich was demanding that Gruber be paid more than first-overall pick Aundray Bruce.
_	This narrative is interrupted by the flashbacks to the conversations Annie has had with the two students, scenes from their lives, and the effect that their work in the sex industry is having on them and those close to them.
_	The "private structure" can be declared in the public header file, but defined only in the implementation file, with the effect that the private data is opaque to users, but transparent to the implementor.
_	On 15 October, directives were sent to the press by Free State director of communications, Piaras Béaslaí to the effect that Free State troops were to be referred to as the "National Army", the "Irish Army", or just "troops".
_	The “ "causa finalis," the end,in relation to which [the thing] required is determined as to its form and matter" : and the "“causa efficiens," which brings about the effect that is the finished [thing]”.
_	Soon afterwards, "NME" scotched the story, also citing "sources close to the band", and quoting Johnny Marr's manager to the effect that it was "rubbish".
_	Instead, it passed a general resolution in support of Antarctic exploration, to the effect that "the various scientific societies throughout the world should urge, in whatever way seems to them most effective, that this work be undertaken before the close of the century".
_	Duly accepted, the Netherlands thus unilaterally 'amended' the Linggadjati agreement to the effect that New Guinea would remain Dutch.
_	Despite Troon being synonymous with golf, there are quite indisputable records to the effect that local football has a history which began approximately three years before the golf course at the end of the South Beach was ever considered.
_	The watercolor effect can be used by artists or illustrators who want to create the effect that the illusion gives off.
_	However, in "Journey Through England", Priestley identified himself as a Little Englander because he despised imperialism and the effect that the capitalist industrial revolution had on the people and environment.
_	The new theory derives from a database to the effect that being conscious, figuratively speaking, is something's being actual.
_	not merely the strongly worded but justified condemnation of the indignant censor, but rather a hyperbole, exaggerating beyond permissible limits the nature and effect of the crime, and minimising the personality of the offender and the effect that punishment might have on the offender.
_	In reality, the Committee seems to have been misled by false information to the effect that Goring and the governor of Oxford were about to declare for Parliament.
_	The Grüneisen parameter, γ, named after Eduard Grüneisen, describes the effect that changing the volume of a crystal lattice has on its vibrational properties, and, as a consequence, the effect that changing temperature has on the size or dynamics of the lattice.
_	Some viruses take advantage of the similarity between the ".com" top-level domain and the ".COM" file extension by emailing malicious, executable command-file attachments under names superficially similar to URLs ("e.g.", "myparty.yahoo.com"), with the effect that some naive users click on email-embedded links that they think lead to websites but actually download and execute the malicious attachments.
_	The difference in stability between Vienna and Berlin had the effect that the French indemnity to Germany overflowed thence to Austria and Russia, but these indemnity payments aggravated the crisis in Austria, which had been benefited by the accumulation of capital not only in Germany, but also in England, the Netherlands, Belgium, France and Russia.
_	The Open Philanthropy Project summarizes arguments to the effect that misspecified goals will become a much larger concern if AI systems achieve general intelligence or superintelligence.
_	The High Court emphasised the extent to which errors or illegal practice may have affected the outcome of the election, with the effect that only close contests give rise to petitions.
_	Ugly rumors spread to the effect that convents and nunneries were organized for the sexual pleasure of the male priests, with the corpses of dead babies buried underneath.
_	Sometimes there is actually a significant relationship between independent and dependent variables but because of small sample sizes, or other extraneous factors, there could not be enough power to predict the effect that actually exists (See Shrout & Bolger, 2002 for more info).
_	Documentary evidence was now considered to be of vital importance (indeed, a rule was introduced to the effect that a document could not be defeated by oral testimony alone).
_	Then sage Vyasa started taking bath daily in the holy river Ganga, and reciting hymns to the effect that 'Lingeswara’ is the only Lord and ‘ Manikarnika, is the best of the Ghats in Kasi (Kasi Khandam-Chapter-95).
_	A series of acrimonious disputes between the ‘Turnerites’ and the majority of the Party culminated in a Party referendum and then a resolution being carried at the 1955 Party Conference to the effect that all members not in agreement with the Declaration of Principles be asked to resign.
_	This improved understanding is expected to enable more reliable forecasts of future changes in the abundance and distribution of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere and the effect that these changes may have on Earth's climate.
_	In order to ameliorate the effect that a reduction on recurring revenues has had on the UPR budget, Gov. Fortuño made two non-recurring grants from the temporary ARRA federal funds, of $105 million and of $25 million, during the first two fiscal years of his term.
_	Football writers from the local newspapers were travelling with our party and, thirsty for a story of any kind between games, filed copy back to their editors to the effect that we had adopted Gerry Marsden's forthcoming single as the club song."
_	Immediately after Ludlow returned to Limerick, the Clare forces, under David Roche, son of Lord Fermoy, sent a message from Quin, by a woman, to Hugh O’Neill, Commander-in-Chief of the Garrison of Limerick, to the effect that they were about to come to his aid, and that they would wait at Sixmilebridge to learn from him how they could best render assistance.
_	Banatwala referred to the opinion given by the then Attorney General, M.C. Setalvad in the Lok Sabha on 1 April 1984 on the issue, to the effect that it was outside the legislative competence of that House to come forward with any Bill concerning organization of Agriculture and Animal Husbandry.
_	The response was to the effect that there was a lack of resources – both men and money – for the government to devote to railway construction, especially considering all the other railway projects under-way at the time, and that Nelson would just have to wait its turn.
_	In 1916 the Russian ambassador in London issued an official notice to the effect that the Imperial government considered Henrietta, along with other Arctic islands, integral parts of the Russian Empire.
_	The federal government filed a friend of the court brief in the case urging the justices to consider the effect that segregation had on America's image in the Cold War.
_	The differences are mainly as a result of attempts to harmonize biblical statements to the effect that the biblical law is eternal (, ) with New Testament statements that suggest that it does not now apply at all, or at least does not fully apply.
_	In 2015 she published "Buy Me the Sky", which contains stories of the children brought up under China's One-child policy and the effect that has had on their lives, families and ability to deal with life's challenges.
_	According to James E. Bauer, two Air Marshals confronted Alpizar near the cockpit when Alpizar "uttered threatening words that included a sentence to the effect that he had a bomb".
_	To highlight the effect that being indoors can make, despite the lethal radiation & blast zone extending well past her position at Hiroshima, Akiko Takakura survived the effects of a 16 kt atomic bomb at a distance of 300 meters from the hypocenter, with only minor injuries, due in most part to her position in the lobby of the bank of Japan, a reinforced concrete building, at the time of the nuclear explosion.
_	The film's main theme shows the effect that coincidence and chance can have on the course of life—like the bad weather, angry dog, hungry goats, slippery planks, and careless postman that change the course of both Kaspar's and Ingeborg's lives—and shows, as the film's website states, that "seemingly unrelated factors might play important roles in the big scheme of things after all."
_	There have been occasional speculations to the effect that the custom may have origins in West Africa, but there is no direct evidence for this, although Dundes points to a custom of Ghana where brooms were waved above the heads of newlyweds and their parents.
_	One of their leaders made a speech to the effect that they had come on word that the workers of the city were being abused by soldiers.
_	The Duke of Edinburgh was so impressed with the bearing of Cape Town's volunteer soldiers that, a few weeks later on 3 October 1867, a Government Notice No 318 was promulgated to the effect that he had conferred on the gunners the future designation of "Prince Alfred's Own Cape Town Volunteer Artillery" ("PAOCTVA").
_	It appeared that, although the procedures had been performed on the plaintiff in 1993, it was only in early 2000 that he managed to secure medical opinion to the effect that the defendants had conducted themselves negligently and, for that reason, that summons was issued only in April 2000.
_	The High Court dismissed the special plea, finding that the period of prescription had commenced running only when the plaintiff had managed to secure medical opinion to the effect that the defendants had been negligent.
_	In 1776, the road to Roskilde was given a new course, a direct continuation of Vesterbrogade across Valby Hill, with the effect that it passed Valby by to the detriment of the inn and other businesses.
_	The French equivalent of the forlorn hope, called "Les Enfants Perdus" ('The Lost Children'), were all guaranteed promotion to officer rank should they survive, with the effect that both enlisted men and officers joined the dangerous mission as an opportunity to raise themselves in the army.
_	In "Legal Fictions", Professor Holloway explores the relationship between U.S. literature and U.S. jurisprudence, especially the effect that race concepts in law have had upon literary fiction.
_	A pictogram advisory accompanied by full-screen written verbal advisory to the effect that the program is classified as “General Patronage” shall be broadcast for at least 10 seconds immediately before the opening credits of the particular television material classified as such.
_	The Convention on Biological Diversity defined the broader term of "marine and coastal protected area" (MCPA);"Any defined area within or adjacent to the marine environment, together with its overlying water and associated flora, fauna, historical and cultural features, which has been reserved by legislation or other effective means, including custom, with the effect that its marine and/or coastal biodiversity enjoys a higher level of protection than its surroundings."
_	Regardless of the depth or size, a successful lip reconstruction considers the five principles and the effect that the reconstruction has on the surrounding tissue.
_	Article 149(3) was inserted into the Constitution, with the effect that if the issue of whether any executive decision made pursuant to the ISA came before a court (whether before or after this constitutional amendment came into force on 27 January 1989), the court had to decide this issue according to the new provisions introduced by the 1989 ISA amendments.
_	They are not afraid to show his stubborn and mopey side, or the effect that his single-mindedness has on Denise.
_	Death, the consciousness of its inevitability and the effect that this consciousness has on the living soul, is a recurring theme in the novel.
_	Similar to sleight-of-hand techniques in magic or fixed-point mime techniques; the performers exploit the clear surface of the ball to hide any noticeable rotation, creating the effect that the ball is still while the performer moves around the ball.
_	Considerable alarm was occasioned in England by the first accounts of these events in Newfoundland, the news being to the effect that the French had actually landed 1,500 men at Bay Bulls and 2,000 at Portugal Cove in Conception Bay, from which they were marching against St. John's., one of the most heavily fortified ports of North America, alongside New York Harbour and Boston, boasting one castle, five fortresses, six separate gun emplacements, and a defensive boom protecting the harbour's entrance.
_	This also had the effect that the CUBC and CUWBC were then free to concentrate on The Boat Race and Henley Boat Races respectively.
_	Chemical similarity (or molecular similarity) refers to the similarity of chemical elements, molecules or chemical compounds with respect to either structural or functional qualities, i.e. the effect that the chemical compound has on reaction partners in inorganic or biological settings.
_	And it’s about the effect that all our past experiences have on it.
_	On February 9, 1240, the pope granted him an indulgence to the effect that the vow he had made of going as a crusader to the Holy Land might be fulfilled, with all benefits, by rendering continued assistance to the beleaguered Latin Empire.
_	Rumours were spread to the effect that the French government was despatching a cruiser to Yanam to capture merger leaders and to re-establish their authority.
_	In 1955, when choosing the theme music for his television series "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", he remembered the effect that "Funeral March of a Marionette" had on him.
_	He later swore an affidavit to the effect that the confession could not be genuine, enabling the appeal to the High Court.
_	The 1930s behaviorism models, the Payne Fund Studies, show that the effect that mass media has on our behavior is considerable.
_	Motion pictures likely likewise were censored, and were encouraged to reinforce stereotypes to the effect that the French were always lovers of liberty and justice, contending against cruel and barbarous Germans.
_	A story later emerged to the effect that after Crassus' death, the Parthians poured molten gold into his mouth as a symbol of his thirst for wealth.
_	Brazilian abducting parents often present evidence to the court in the form of statements from the abducted child to the effect that they wish to stay in Brazil.
_	Each impact can be decomposed into different components, depending on the effect that caused the impact.
_	The Chinese, on the other hand, though poor, sent a courteous message to the effect that they did not require payment in money, but would be perfectly happy if I would give them, as a memento, copies of their photographs."
_	In a 1964 monograph, which exercised considerable influence on later scholars, Joseph Schacht wrote that "a consensus gradually established itself to the effect that from that time onwards no one could be deemed to have the necessary qualifications for independent reasoning in religious law, and that all future activity would have to be confined to the explanation, application, and, at the most, interpretation of the doctrine as it had been laid down once and for all."
_	But on a parallel Earth, an American and blonde Tricia McMillan (who was left behind by her universe's Zaphod) is interviewing Gail Andrews, an astrologer, about the effect that the recently discovered planet Persephone (nicknamed Rupert) will have on astrology.
_	In cases where loss of blood volume is clearly attributable to bleeding (as opposed to, e.g., dehydration), most medical practitioners prefer the term "exsanguination" for its greater specificity and descriptiveness, with the effect that the latter term is now more common in the relevant context.
_	The wider importance of the table, for general second-order differential equations in the complex plane, was shown by Felix Klein, who proved a result to the effect that cases of finite monodromy for such equations and regular singularities could be attributed to changes of variable (complex analytic mappings of the Riemann sphere to itself) that reduce the equation to hypergeometric form.
_	All of these groups were led to articulate notions of popular sovereignty by means of a social covenant or contract, and all of these arguments began with proto-"state of nature" arguments, to the effect that the basis of politics is that everyone is by nature free of subjection to any government.
_	In 2013, following the 2013 Egyptian coup d'état that ousted the pro-Hamas government, the Egyptian army has destroyed many of the tunnels, with the effect that "prices have soared, shelves are empty, utilities have suspended operations for lack of fuel and travel is restricted once again".
_	Later that year the king wrote to the Keeper, commanding that the White Tower's lead guttering should be extended with the effect that "the wall of the tower ... newly whitened, may be in no danger of perishing or falling outwards through the trickling of the rain".
_	But if there is evidence that some individuals and, in some cases, entire groups are alienated from mainstream society, there should be detailed research into the effect that this has on society as a whole (see normlessness).
_	In the 9th century, a legend sprang up to the effect that an ancient column at the Forum of Taurus had an inscription predicting that Constantinople would be conquered by the Rus.
_	Plot cards indicate the base amount of gold available for the player to use to bring new cards into play during his "Marshalling" phase (indicated by a number within a gold coin), a base initiative value to determine the order of play for the round (indicated by a number within a diamond), a base claim value to determine the scope of the effect that player winning a challenge (indicated by a number in a silver disk), and a text box detailing any other effects or restrictions on the plot card, including any "traits" that it might have.
_	The directors of the Greyhound Racing Association were in attendance, and knowing the effect that both the two favourites not running in the final of the Derby would mean for the sport, convinced Kempton to run Mick.
_	"what is demi- about this creature of enormous powers, apart from the fact that only his skull remains, is arguable: the skull, in combination with the special arrangements which have been made to guard it, exhibits terrifying powers, and the 'rumour' which players will hear at the start, to the effect that this being possesses powers which make him well-nigh undefeatable, is well founded!"
_	This had the effect that boundaries of Reddish were described by the boundaries of the Manor of Manchester, with the exception of that with Cheshire, which was the River Tame.
_	The decisions of the Polish-Lithuanian rabbis are frequently marked by breadth of view also, as is instanced by a decision of Joel Sirkes ("Bayis Hadash," § 127) to the effect that Jews may employ in their religious services the melodies used in Christian churches, "since music is neither Jewish nor Christian, and is governed by universal laws."
_	Former manager Mike Newell, then of Luton Town, sought to take advantage of the effect that his injury had had on his value and made Hartlepool two offers thought to be of approximately £500,000 that the club quickly rejected.
_	This allows a performer to custom-tailor the effect that they desire.
_	It is difficult for researchers to accept that excess intracellular glutamine produced in response to hyperammonemia is the direct cause of astrocytic cell swelling and therefore brain edema, however scientific data is beginning to support the effect that glutamine may have on other chemical reactions that occur in the brain such as the generation of free radicals.
_	This area has not been fully researched yet, and more information about the mechanism by which glutamine creates radicals in the brain and the effect that this has on edema must be elucidated.
_	Secondly, the "control" exerted by this enzyme is the effect that these changes in its activity have on the overall rate of the pathway (the flux through the pathway).
_	This squaring of the error at each iteration step — the so-called quadratic convergence of Newton–Raphson's method — has the effect that the number of correct digits in the result roughly "doubles for every iteration", a property that becomes extremely valuable when the numbers involved have many digits (e.g. in the large integer domain).
_	This criticism mirrored certain criticisms levelled at the Victoria Police, after the 1998 waterfront dispute, to the effect that police should have been more aggressively involved in a picket-breaking role, rather than merely keeping the peace.
_	A notable example from 2006 happened when a farmer in Bíldudalur, claiming direct descent from Egill Skallagrímsson, raised a pole with a calf's head attached against another local man with a note attached to the effect that he would not rest until the man was either outlawed or dead.
_	The decision has been summarised to the effect that:
_	The allegations of misrepresentation made against MUA and MCB were "based upon answers given in a Lloyds bankers policy proposal form signed by officers of MCB to the effect that it was a well run orthodox banking business when in fact it was nothing of the sort."
_	The blockade was successful in that the city more or less came to be spared from the disease, but also had the effect that the students instead felt that they were about to die of boredom.
_	This discovery could more than double the known population of the animals, though the effect that the discovery will have on the gorillas' conservation status is currently unknown.
_	The magic of the Magical Dagger comes from the effect that the material object has on the realm of the spirit.
_	The Declaration of Rhense issued in 1338 had the effect that election by the majority of the electors automatically conferred the royal title and rule over the empire, without papal confirmation.
_	Comments to the effect that "Within the next few decades, people may be able to access much of the published information in the world from their living rooms by using videotex," were common in the trade press.
_	On 29 March 1933 Cardinal Pacelli sent word to the German bishops to the effect that they must now change their position with regard to National Socialism.
_	On 8 March 2006, the day after a poor showing of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy in the Dutch municipal elections of 2006, Wiegel issued a press statement to the effect that he will not return to Dutch politics again.
_	A 1627 letter from the Lord Deputy of Ireland, Viscount Falkland, claimed evidence existed to the effect that the King of Spain planned to send O'Neill to Ireland at the head of a Spanish army to claim the throne of Ulster for O'Neill himself, and to be proclaimed as governor of Ireland on behalf of the Spanish monarch.
_	Despite intense propaganda by President Karmal, Afghan state organs, and the Soviet government to the effect that the Soviet presence had a "limited" purpose and the troops would pull out as soon as peace was restored, the Karmal regime is finding itself more and more isolated from the people.
_	KC3 was begun in 1993, when BT, Apple, the Department of Trade and Industry and the Rural Development Commission chose Kington to host a pilot study into the effect that IT and sophisticated telecommunications might have on small communities.
_	Due to repeated petitioning for various public causes, the Allahabad High Court imposed a condition on Thakur to the effect that she should deposit in the court Rs 25,000 with every PIL (Public Interest Litigation) she files.
_	Hinzman's application for conscientious objector status was denied due to the fact that he was known to have made statements to the effect that he would consider participating in certain types of defensive actions.
_	But later, in court, he confessed that he had been forced to refute his own testimony and also showed the conclusion written by the expert with 37 years of professional experience to the effect that Savenko was by no means capable of inflicting the injuries himself.
_	The first group of Ottomans who entered the city were killed almost immediately, with the effect that the other Muslims began to retreat.
_	After the Revolutions of 1848/49, in which the liberal nationalistic revolutionaries advocated the Greater German solution, the Austrian defeat in the Austro-Prussian War (1866) with the effect that Austria was now excluded from Germany, and increasing ethnic conflicts in the Habsburg Monarchy of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, a German national movement evolved in Austria.
_	Many of the programs document nature and the effect that humans have on it.
_	In September 2005, the publication of Mark Latham's "The Latham Diaries" contained comments by Latham to the effect that Beazley was a "dirty dog" and was not fit to "clean toilets in Parliament".
_	In the second and third standards as well, notes to the effect that specific designs of character forms lie outside its scope (the note on item 1).
_	This view seemed to be confirmed when a pseudonymous contributor to the journal "Notes and Queries" in 1862 quoted a supposedly ancient proverb about London Stone to the effect that "So long as the Stone of Brutus is safe, so long shall London flourish".
_	Ludwig also had to be held to the effect that from his point of view, the separation of state power from royal private wealth was by no means self-evident.
_	Noticing the effect that this had on motorists in the area, Van Der Tuin then enlisted the help of friends to place 15 more "ghost bikes" in prominent spots in the St. Louis area where cyclists had recently been hit by automobiles.
_	Institutional change entails changes in particular rule complexes and/or enforcement activities to the effect that new or deviant patterns of action and interaction are generated and encouraged.
_	An excerpt from Brian Bagnall's "On the Edge: the Spectacular Rise and Fall of Commodore" captures the effect that seeing the game for the first time had on users:
_	The partisan group that was designated to retrieve the money was called back to base – with the effect that Libero was accused of embezzling the money illegally.
_	The Monitor looks at pre-existing characteristics of society that are affected by climate change and maps the level of vulnerability and expected impact as implied by the effect that real or projected changes in the climate.
_	It is removed somewhat from the rest of the band's career, to the effect that Pigbag are sometimes considered one-hit wonders.
_	The way in which this agreement was written into the British North America Act, 1867 was to the effect that the condition of education in each colony (or territory) at the time it entered Confederation would be continued thereafter.
_	This has the effect that for means-tested benefits their resources are treated as held in common.
_	Such criticisms have produced responses such as ones by Japanese video game developers, Shinji Mikami and Yuji Horii, to the effect that JRPGs were never as popular in the West to begin with, and that Western reviewers are biased against turn-based systems.
_	Although the provision in the Medicines and Related Substances Control Act was struck down, Sachs J made an "obiter" comment to the effect that Chapter 2 of the Criminal Procedure Act appeared to be in line with constitutional requirements.
_	Montgomery had made a speech to the division's officers in a cinema in Bourg Leopold to the effect that the 50th Division would return to England as 50th Infantry (Reserve) Division, a training division.
_	As early as 1956, Wolters feared the effect that disclosure of the GBI's eviction of Jewish tenants might have on Speer.
_	Green and Stephenson (2003) thus argue for the standing majority consensus established by 1995, to the effect that the European documents do not offer themselves to an interpretation as sightings of SN 1054.
_	Juvenile fantasy was considered more acceptable than fantasy intended for adults, with the effect that writers who wished to write fantasy had to fit their work in a work for children.
_	However, before producing large scale perturbations using these pumps, the scientific team from Hawaii and Oregon wants to better understand the risks and benefits of such large scale perturbations by looking at the effect that the deployment of a few pumps may have in the environment.
_	Two weeks after the event, Chile's President Michelle Bachelet revealed that she had politely requested that Chávez abstain from making some statements at the summit, indicating frankly that she felt "let down" by the subsequent discussions at the OPEC meeting, considering the effect that the price of oil has on countries like Chile.
_	As the crisis caused by the Senate's blocking of Supply deepened, Ellicott issued a legal advice on 16 October 1975, to the effect that the Governor-General had the power to dismiss Whitlam, and should do so forthwith if Whitlam could not state how he would obtain Supply.
_	The memo did not have the effect that many expected, however, as raids on medical cannabis providers actually increased in frequency following its release.
_	Bioprotection is essentially the effect that organisms have on reducing the action of geomorphic processes.
_	This report cited an unnamed U.S. military intelligence source to the effect that the Zarqawi leadership "myth" was initially caused by faulty intelligence, but was later accepted because it suited U.S. government political goals.
_	In March 2008, 20 ATP players signed a letter to the ATP Board of Directors to the effect that De Villiers' contract should not be renewed until other candidates were interviewed for the position.
_	Setbacks in Ovamboland had the effect that The Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland decided to begin mission work on its own, in Japan, the decision of which was taken in 1898.
_	It assesses the effect that climate change has on the threat of natural disasters and how nations can better manage an expected change in the frequency of occurrence and intensity of severe weather patterns.
_	The Government included a clause in one of the Schedules to the Courts Act to the effect that local authorities would cease to be under obligation to provide Judges' Lodgings after January 1975.
_	In recent years, Welzel has focused largely on the effect that emancipative values have on the emergence and stability of democratic regimes and developed a well-reasoned theory of emancipation.
_	However, Lord Germain's orders dispatched from London were not clear on this point, with the effect that Howe took no action to support Burgoyne, and Clinton moved from New York too late and in too little strength to be any great help to Burgoyne.
_	On 21 December 2010, a statement to the effect that Amkar was voluntarily to join the First Division due to financial difficulties appeared on the club's official website.
_	They would send me a paper to sign to the effect that NFL Films was empowered to protect the music in a court of law.
_	Stegner's book details the lives of some of the American families who were part of this oil exploration and the unique set of circumstances that they faced living in Saudi Arabia as well as the effect that these families and employees had on the native population of Saudi Arabia.
_	Thus, because the accumulation of capital normally stimulates the growth of the productive forces, this has the effect that the size of the surplus product which can be traded will normally grow also.
_	The book is an examination into the effect that technology is having and will have on human society.
_	The Public Petitions Committee forwarded the matter to the Education and Culture Committee, which on 12 May 2015 agreed to close the petition, having received clarification of guidance from the Scottish Government to the effect that “Guidance provided by Education Scotland…
_	The story begins and ends midway through a sentence (the first word in the book being being 'and', the last words are 'and she') in order to give the effect that it begins somewhere closer to the middle, rather than at a true beginning (in medias res).
_	To be set against that encomium is one of Smith's best-known lines, to the effect that his friend Henry Luttrell's idea of heaven was eating "pâté de foie gras" to the sound of trumpets.
_	Laffrey stated: "You cannot begin to describe the effect that trip had on me as a person but also in feeling equipped to responsibly bring this work to Broadway in 2017 in a way that was true to the piece and what it portrays ... Hurricane Maria happened in Puerto Rico and the storms that affected those tiny little islands in the Bahamas.
_	The State Department also highlighted the fact that, in the case of Richard Welch, "Grivas bizarrely accuses the CIA of playing a role in the assassination of one of its own senior officials" as well as the Greek government's statements to the effect that the "stay behind" network had been dismantled in 1988.
_	However, most countries in the West had experienced such improved resource efficiency since the early-20th century already and as usual; only, this improvement had been more than offset by continuing industrial expansion, to the effect that world resource consumption was now higher than ever before—and these two historical trends were completely ignored in the report.
_	The route of the tube tunnels took the line under Hampstead Heath and strong opposition was raised, concerned about the effect that the tunnels would have on the ecology of the Heath.
_	In "Ex parte Bollman" (1807) the Supreme Court rejected arguments by prosecutors to the effect that enlisting an army of men against the United States could amount to levying war before they actually assembled.
_	The journey was shortened by 4,500 miles after the Suez Canal opened, with the effect that up to 140 travelling ayahs visited England every year with their employing families, memsahibs and children.
_	When the ownership of Pourewa Island was being investigated by Judges Heale and O'Brien in July, 1881, evidence was tendered to the effect that the canoe was overtaken, and that Hinematioro was taken back to the island, where she was slain and her heart was roasted and eaten.
_	She is best known for "A Selection of Interesting Secrets from Various Stages in my Life", a conceptual artwork in which Löwendahl-Atomic sells her secrets one by one, the buyer having to sign a non-disclosure agreement to the effect that he or she can never reveal the secret to anyone.
_	The police told them to sign the falsified statement written in Hangul and informed the Government of Japan to the effect that they admitted violation of Syngman Rhee Line.
_	'Comrade Stalin,' I began the interview, 'may I quote you to the effect that you have not been assassinated?
_	He said the film was "more despair-inducing than instructive", but was optimistic about its possible impact on the fashion culture, citing the effect that films such as "Super Size Me" and "Fast Food Nation" had on the fast food industry.
_	The telegram, which is in Latin, is dated Tali, the 24th April, and is to the effect that the lamas of Batang have killed PP.
_	However, if there is an element of mystery to suffering, to the effect that some people suffer without benefit, it allows feelings of compassion and sympathy to emerge.
_	This widely-held belief, this most unusual Jewish concept is based on a Talmudic statement to the effect that in every generation 36 righteous "greet the Shekhinah", the Divine Presence (Tractate Sanhedrin 97b; Tractate Sukkah 45b).
_	Also false are the statements made simultaneously about its medical properties, to the effect that when it is taken in liquid it breaks up stones in the bladder, and that it relieves jaundice if it is swallowed in wine or even looked at".
_	This Court endorses the conclusion reached by the originating court in its decision described above to the effect that the demand for a trial in this case was not
_	Many of the programs document nature and the effect that humans have on it, although the program's overall scope includes documentaries on any aspect of science.
_	In addition, many white southerners commented to the effect that
_	Eva Wiseman has written that commenters on manosphere blogs often make statements to the effect that "women are designed solely for sex and sandwich-making."
_	With regards to pollutant levels, the fluorescence was measured in order to gauge the effect that the pollutants were have on the host cell.
_	However, Hagimoto made comments to the effect that he had still not forgiven Yamamoto.
_	Newham has composed and recorded a number of pieces that seek to demonstrate the effect that music generally, and the human voice specifically, has on a listener, including the score for the production "House of Bones", produced by Motionhouse, about 'the plight of the scapegoat and those isolated by prejudice, ignorance and difference'.
_	For domestic use, some countries such as the UK may supply one phase and neutral at a high current (up to 100 A) to one property, while others such as Germany may supply 3 phases and neutral to each customer, but at a lower fuse rating, typically 40–63 A per phase, and "rotated" to avoid the effect that more load tends to be put on the first phase.
_	Recent theoretical developments in landscape ecology have emphasized the relationship between pattern and process, as well as the effect that changes in spatial scale has on the potential to extrapolate information across scales.
_	The historical nature of the meeting is made more remarkable by the additional, separate pledges that were scripted for the monarchs' armies – in their respective vernaculars – to the effect that, for each "soldier": should their own lord-king unilaterally break the oath just pledged (to the other king), then, each "soldier of the oath" promises "not" to help his master against the abused other monarch.
_	Selver spends much of the novel reflecting on the effect that violence has on his own culture.
_	Pirie wrote a press article to the effect that the England team were lazy, unfit and overweight; Dexter wrote an article in response, announcing that he hoped that his team would make 60 runs an hour and bowl 15 overs an hour on the tour, an ambitious target and one that he would fail to meet, though the England run rate of 39 runs per 100 balls was the highest since the war (Australia managed 41 per 100 balls).
_	The only point of controversy consisted of rumours which circulated to the effect that Dawson, who had worked for the Ministry of Munitions during the war, was a foreigner.
_	Organic constituents are significant in river chemistry for the effect that they have on dissolved oxygen concentration and for the impact that individual organic species may have directly on aquatic biota.
_	The novel ends with Rivers completing his notes, meditating on the effect that the encounter with Sassoon, and the last few months, have had on him.
_	Before its first performance, I issued a warning to the effect that what I had written was a piece lasting seventeen minutes and consisting wholly of "orchestral tissue without music"—of one very long, gradual crescendo.
_	Legal hurdles following the fall of the Iron Curtain caused the development to split into several independent branches maintained by different publishers and editors to the effect that there are now two considerably different publications associated with the original title – and both of them are available in several languages.
_	At 14:00, EEF headquarters received a telephone message from Desert Mounted Corps to the effect that the 53rd (Welsh) Division "had been having rather a bad time", and that Chauvel had gone to see the commander.
_	Anticipating passing of this bill, however, ISPs such as Bell Sympatico have modified their various policies and agreements to contain language to the effect that they may monitor, investigate, and disclose information to satisfy laws, regulations, or government requests.
_	The well-known passage from "Corfield" was quoted in reference to the first section of the Fourteenth Amendment (substantially authored by John Bingham), during congressional debates on the Amendment, for an indication of what the judiciary had interpreted the phrase "privileges and immunities" to mean as it stood in the original Constitution (Article 4 Section 2), but there is substantial evidence to the effect that some congressmen, at the time the Fourteenth Amendment was passed, did not accept Justice Washington's reading of the term.
_	This has the effect that the historical pattern of mutations can easily be studied.
_	Two other books were especially formative for the field, Paul Shepard's 1982 volume, "Nature and Madness," which explored the effect that our ever-diminishing engagement with wild nature had upon human psychological development, and philosopher David Abram's "The Spell of the Sensuous: Perception and Language in a More-than-Human World," published in 1996.
_	Elmo Zumwalt, who was Boorda's commander during the Vietnam War and who verbally authorized Combat "V"s for Boorda and many other sailors, wrote a letter to the effect that Boorda's wearing of the devices was "appropriate, justified and proper."
_	On 8 April 1950, the Arab League Council embraced this shift, approving a decision by its political committee to the effect that all ships carrying goods or immigrants to Israel were to be blacklisted.
_	"What Her Majesty's Government require and insist upon is the following: that telegraphic instructions shall be sent to the governor of Mozambique at once to the effect that all and any Portuguese military forces which are actually on the Shire or in the Makololo or in the Mashona territory are to be withdrawn.
_	In the provinces of Canada that observed the English common law, the "qui tam" action has had limited scope, although as recently as 1933 the Exchequer Court Act, R.S.C. 1927, c. 34 had language to the effect that "qui tam" was permitted in "suits for penalties or forfeiture as where the suit is on behalf of the Crown alone."
_	After insisting several times, the judge ended the discussions with a statement to the effect that she could no longer bear his insistence on this non-sensical front line service, but that he would also be convicted for that, although it would not add to nor detract from his prison sentence.
_	The order granted by the court "a quo" against the owners, the CPA and the SAP was to the effect that they were "directed to restore [the squatters] to undisturbed possession of the [...] sites" from which they had been cleared.
_	He had observed the effect that ostracism, by both Pedro II and other "saquarema" party leaders, had had on the career of Vasconcelos.
_	The circumstances which led to their production are set out in Samuel Johnson's "Lives of the Poets" in the life of Edmund Smith: George Duckett had misled John Oldmixon, to the effect that Smith had been employed by Francis Atterbury and others to garble Lord Clarendon's history before it was published.
_	When Galileo later complained of rumours to the effect that he had been forced to abjure and do penance, Bellarmine wrote out a certificate denying the rumors, stating that Galileo had merely been notified of the decree and informed that, as a consequence of it, the Copernican doctrine could not be "defended or held".
_	Naimark also noted the effect that tendency to binge-drink alcohol (of which much was available in Germany) had on the propensity of Soviet soldiers to commit rape, especially rape-murder.
_	These were also intended to reduce the effect that the funnel-shaped design would have on perspective when facing the Basilica.
_	On the site of this modern temple there stood an older building, one of whose stones is said to have borne an inscription to the effect that it was built by the Kers of Golay.
_	This note is intercepted by MacGregor who compels Airleen to write him an answer to the effect that she has been amusing herself at his expense, and is through with him.
_	The IOC sent South Africa a caution to the effect that, if there were no changes, they would be barred from competing at the 1964 Olympic Games in Tokyo.
_	But when the completed libretto finally moved up the chain of command to the king, a response was forthcoming on 11 August to the effect that "His majesty deigned with his own sacred hand to declare that the histories of the martyrs are venerated in the Church and are not presented on the stage".
_	Through regular practice of vipassana and yoga, he discovered the effect that self-discipline has on the body.
_	In 1942, Lindemann presented the "dehousing paper" to the Cabinet showing the effect that intensive bombing of German cities could produce.
_	In financial markets, market impact is the effect that a market participant has when it buys or sells an asset.
_	She later practiced with her husband Dr. Marcus S. W. McBroom,PhD. at Ross Medical Center Los Angeles, where they completed a two-year study on the effect that male and female hormones may have on coronary heart disease.
_	The feeling against the Jews in that part of the country not under Turkish rule is shown by the decree of the Diet of 1578, to the effect that Jews were to be taxed double the amount which was imposed upon other citizens.
_	A fortnight before the Iguana Joe's incident, Neal had apologised to a Liberal MP, Sophie Mirabella, over a partially disputed comment to the effect that Mirabella's unborn child would be affected by her sour demeanour as a result of Mirabella's "evil thoughts".
_	Nye withdrew his comment on 14 June 1941, stating "The evidence that the "Robin Moor" was sunk by a German submarine is too complete to permit my declaration of yesterday noon, to the effect that the boat might have been sunk by Britain, to stand", through the America First Committee.
_	Occasionally the tubing of her lips is colored red, giving the effect that she's wearing lipstick.
_	Draper folded heredity right into his view on constitution, appreciating the effect that heredity had on one's constitution.
_	He managed to overcome this difficulty by securing an agreement with Albert Speer in September 1943 to the effect that the entire French industrial sector would be "Sperrbetrieben", making it effectively off limits to Sauckel.
_	The extraordinary heat of the summer of 1877 worsened the sores to the effect that he had to be carried.
_	When asked to comment, John McGraw, manager of the New York Giants of the rival National League said something to the effect that Shibe had bought himself a "white elephant."
_	In 1662, the prayer book rubric was altered to the effect that after the Communion any remains were to be reverently consumed.
_	Lidgebaby's coercion powers allowed her to link other Talents to her, effectively binding them to her to the effect that they were compelled to protect and love her above all else.
_	The majority noted that the law had the effect that the chief of police would act in the role of a censor, deciding whether certain literature was objectionable.
_	In econometrics, the estimate of the effect of one thing on another (say, the estimate of the effect of the minimum wage upon employment decisions) is said to be "biased" if the technique that was used to obtain the estimate has the effect that, "a priori", the expected value of the estimated effect differs from the true effect, whatever the latter may be.
_	If a referential integrity constraint is defined to the effect that {Shop Type, Nearest Shop} from the first table must refer to a {Shop Type, Shop} from the second table, then the data anomalies described previously are prevented.
_	In March 1981, Taylor released the album "Dad Loves His Work" whose themes concerned his relationship with his father, the course his ancestors had taken, and the effect that he and Simon had on each other.
_	To allay public fears, the Chinese Commercial Bank, in the form of a letter dated 16 December 1913 from Secretary Seow Poh-Leng to the Editor of the Straits Times, wrote, "I notice a short paragraph in your issue of last Saturday to the effect that there has been a feeling of uneasiness in regard to the Chinese banks generally in Singapore and that in consequence many Chinese merchants have transferred their business from Chinese banks to European banks.
_	An agreement prepared by Four Ninety's lawyers Walker Kontos advocates to the effect that, interalia, East African Safari Air was insolvent and that Four Ninety would only pay Ksh 5 for a 90% stake in the company, but invest enough cash to take the company out of insolvency.
_	In the 1977 case of "Ex parte Tammen", the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas noted testimony in the case to the effect that taxpayer Bob Tammen had become involved with a group called "United Tax Action Patriots", a group that took the position "that the Sixteenth Amendment was improperly passed and therefore invalid".
_	Indeed, this was also part of Marx's critique of capitalism: significant funds could be invested in ways that did not benefit society at all, with the effect that activities and assets essential to maintain society's well-being might be starved of funds.
_	Shortly after the program aired, the Casa Rosada issued a statement to the effect that Fernández's plane had made a "technical stop" in the Seychelles.
_	The withdrawal of the Canadian contingent was accelerated and completed on May 31, with the effect that UNEF was left without its logistics and air support components.
_	With regard to Measure B, Tate was quoted in a San Fernando Valley Business Journal article to the effect that she would want whomever she decided to have sex with "to get tested until I felt comfortable to sleep with them without a condom," adding that AIDS Healthcare Foundation president Michael Weinstein (whom the article was about), "should be spending money on treating [AIDS] and educating regular people about how to protect themselves instead of going after a small community that is aware of the risks".
_	The tradition, resting on the legend of Abgar and of his correspondence with Christ, which has been shown to be apocryphal — is to the effect that St. Thomas the Apostle, on his way to India, established Christianity in Mesopotamia, Assyria, and Persia, and left Thaddeus of Edessa (or Addai), "one of the Seventy", and Saint Mari in charge there.
_	Schoenberg wrote to the effect that "Gebrauchsmusik" would hardly out-live its present-day application, while that composed for art and no other purpose would have the only chance at immortality.
_	In this way, she is considered to be a conflict photographer, but her work contrasts with the stark photojournalism that often is produced to represent the effect that war has on a country and its people.
_	They have, however, the effect that flight movements are now channelled along the remaining routes permitted leading to an increase of noise and of annoyance to the population affected.
_	Specifically, the theory – developed by Ronnie Janoff-Bulman in 1992 – concerns the effect that negative events have on three inherent assumptions: overall benevolence of the world, meaningfulness of the world, and self worth.
_	Press dispatches having been sent for political purposes, from Salt Lake City, which have been widely published, to the effect that the Utah Commission, in their recent report to the Secretary of the Interior, allege that plural marriages have been contracted in Utah since last June or during the past year, also that in public discourses the leaders of the Church have taught, encouraged and urged the continuance of the practice of polygamy—
_	Peter at first spins her a yarn to the effect that he drove on to the next town, leaving Marguerite overnight at the "Stag and Hunt".
_	An article in the "Pulp and Paper Magazine of Canada" reported, that "gave evidence to the same effect and quoted printed authorities to the effect that raw materials should be taken into cost accounts at their actual instead of their market value."
_	In 1958, Macharia swore an affidavit to the effect that he and six others had perjured themselves at the trial.
_	Although his reforms met little resistance among native Indians at the time, Indian enemies repeated a story to the effect that he had once planned to demolish the Taj Mahal and sell off the marble.
_	A few months later, Moody's released a comment to the effect that, while they still stood by their original rating, they acknowledge that the rating is highly volatile compared to other triple-A rated instruments.
_	The design differed from modern tracks in that it flexed in only one direction, with the effect that the links locked together to form a solid rail on which the road wheels ran.
_	This has the effect that molecules will diffuse from regions of higher concentration (partial pressure) to regions of lower concentration, and the rate of diffusion is proportional to the rate of change of the concentration.
_	After a two-month investigation, authorities released information to the effect that Gliniewicz committed "a carefully staged suicide", and that he had been involved in financial malfeasance related to his job.
_	Mr Hay had written a legal opinion to the effect that the settlement made to the younger siblings exceeded the legal requirements and did not require further legal investigation.
_	A commentary to Chronicles [Kirchheim 1874, p. 16] dating from the school of Saadia Gaon quotes Judah ibn Kuraish to the effect that the genealogical list of the descendants of David was added to the book at the end of the period of the Second Temple, a view which was shared by the author of the list of exilarchs in "Seder 'Olam Zuta".
_	When Miele points out that, despite the findings of Snyderman and Rothman to the effect that the majority of experts silently agree with Jensen's views, no official body such as the APA has issued a statement explicitly supporting him or his findings, Jensen responds that, in his opinion, no scientific organization such as the APA should make such public statements, as "these questions are not answered by a show of hands".
_	After a time with no word from the government concerning the forthcoming election, on October 22, 1968, the "Sinar Harapan" daily reported a statement by President Suharto to the effect that the government had begun to take the necessary steps to organize the poll.
_	Meanwhile, the "Morning News" continued running daily notices from Herald Publishing Company and A. H. Belo & Co. (publishers of the "Morning News"), dated November 30, 1885, to the effect that the "Herald" had turned over its subscription list to the "Morning News" and that the "Morning News" would fulfill those subscriptions with its own editions and solicited former "Herald" subscribers to become "Morning News" subscribers.
_	Race prejudice, he concluded, "is merely the logical result of tradition, the inevitable outcome of thorough instruction to the effect that the Negro has never contributed anything to the progress of mankind."
_	The following day, the SAO Krajina adopted a resolution to the effect that the territory was incorporated into Serbia, whose constitution and laws were adopted for use in the Serb-held areas of Croatia.
_	This has the effect that the gradient of the resulting noise function at each grid node coincides with the precomputed random gradient vector there.
_	In subsequent annulment proceedings, Ruskin himself made a statement to his lawyer to the effect that his marriage had been unconsummated.
_	The president of the Board of Inquiry, Wing Commander John Reid, gave evidence in court to the effect that whilst he considered the lack of fitting the ESF to aircraft was bad enough, the fact that intelligence reports had not been properly disseminated to the crew was a "failure of intelligence", which he regarded as a bigger blunder.
_	Taylor said about the effect that "this was the most nerve-wracking part of the project, because I wasn't sure what Cher would say when she heard what I'd done to her voice", but that when she heard it she said, "It sounds great."
_	In 1913, the "Harvard College Class of 1898 Quindecennial Report" had noted that, "An interesting feature of [Rice's] work in South America is frequent reports to the effect that he has been eaten by cannibals or has been a victim of the snakes which are said to be laying in wait for him all the time.")
_	Before he left Stiev Selapak in 2012, Rattana was influenced by this contact with other artists and by Erin Gleeson to the effect that Rattana's work moved gradually away from straight documentary to incorporate the procedures of conceptual art.
_	The arc's themes deal with forbidden love and the effect that being different can have on relationships.
_	"The visitors made good an assertion made the night before to the effect that they would do anything to win, and continually played off-side, slugged and made foul tackles, while incompetent officials stood around in the role of spectators."
_	Many suspicions were voiced to the effect that the heart attack had been caused or made possible deliberately – by the ICTY, according to sympathizers, or by himself, according to critics.
_	However, the effect that this theme had on television created both negative and positive criticism and the use of anti-racist messages actually escalates the use of racial slurs.
_	After Ludwig sent him a message to the effect that the government could not guarantee his safety, Metternich left for the house of Count Taaffe and then, with aid from friends Charles von Hügel and Johann Rechberg, reached the family seat of Prince Liechtenstein forty miles away at Feldsberg.
_	For example, Sirota unearthed a two-year-old comment which Colin Powell had made to the effect that "Iraq posed no threat to its neighbors, and possessed no 'significant capability' in weapons of mass destruction."
_	On 21 April 1887 the French Havas news agency published a dispatch to the effect that Schnaebelé, a mid-level and obscure French police inspector, had been arrested by two agents of the German secret police on the Franco-German frontier near Pagny-sur-Moselle, as he was on his way to Ars an der Mosel (now: Ars-sur-Moselle) for a meeting with the German police inspector there, at the latter's request.
_	A verse inscribed on the 1588 engraving of Agas's map of Oxford included a claim to the effect that for ten years past he had been hoping to undertake a survey of London, but had not done so.
_	In 1994, after "Chng Suan Sze" was decided, the Application of English Law Act was enacted with the effect that only English statutes specified in the First Schedule of the Act continued to apply in Singapore after 12 November 1993.
_	Tamuramaro questions why the god revels in such an activity that involves taking the lives of sentient beings, to which Suwa Myōjin gives an explanation to the effect that being hunted and killed actually helps sinful and ignorant animals to reach enlightenment.
_	However, the situation was inflamed by the consul Appius who acted contrary to popular expectations by issuing severe decrees regarding debt, with the effect that debtors who had previously been released from imprisonment were delivered back to their creditors, and further persons were taken into custody.
_	The Chief Secretary responded to the effect that it would be anomalous for there to be a "Lord Chief Justice of Ireland" and a "Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland".
_	After the New York meetings Alvaro de Soto, read a message from the Secretary-General to the effect that "a comprehensive settlement has to be a complex, integrated, legally binding and self-executing agreement, where the rights and obligations of all concerned are clear, unambiguous, and not subject to further negotiations."
_	Several show business stars have been quoted to the effect that the moment when they knew they'd finally "made it" was when they saw themselves thus depicted in the pages of "Mad".
_	One of Bastiat's most important contributions to economics was his admonition to the effect that good economic decisions can be made only by taking into account the "full picture".
_	More importantly was the impact that the music during the 1940s had on the people then and the effect that it continues to have now.
_	This decision contrasted sharply to a long-held tradition to the effect that "to the victors go the spoils."
_	In this way the guitarist is able create the effect that the guitar "licks" are "talking".
_	Notices were issued to the effect that all remaining Tamil insurgents join the LTTE in Jaffna and in Madras, where the Tamil groups were headquartered.
_	The ABVP activist and students union joint secretary Saurabh Kumar Sharma filed a police complaint accusing her of having made anti-national statements to the effect that "Everyone knows that India is illegally occupying Kashmir.
_	Concerned about the effect that Aston's personal problems were having on the reputation of the college, Dover wrote that "It was clear to me that Trevor and the College must somehow be separated, and my problem was one which I feel compelled to define with brutal candour: how to kill him without getting into trouble."
_	The league released a statement on August 4 to the effect that while the league was not folding, it was suspending league operations indefinitely.
_	Leslie emphasized the importance of constructing a life table in order to understand the effect that key life history strategies played in the dynamics of whole populations.
_	Another story is to the effect that when, on 24 September, the dissenting ministers went in their black gowns with an address to the new king, a courtier asked, "Pray, sir, is this a funeral?"
_	The monarch issued an order to the effect that the estates settled on Atan Burhagohain should be enjoyed in perpetuity by him and his descendants as long as members of Sudoiphaa's family remained in occupation of the Ahom throne.
_	The number of Western historians who are fluent in French and/or German vastly outnumbers those who are fluent in Russian, which has the effect that many Western historians simply ignore Russian language sources when writing about the campaign because they cannot read them.
_	The Jane Austen Centre at 40 Gay Street in Bath, Somerset, England, is a permanent exhibition which tells the story of Jane Austen's Bath experience – the effect that visiting and living in the city had on her and her writing.
_	However, this rather was some general reasoning without actually presenting exploitation examples and implied restricting Bash functionality with the effect that some Bash scripts won't work any more, even if "not" intended to harm other users.
_	At the very outset indications were to the effect that the conference would promote the cause of neutralism as a third position in the current cold war between the capitalist bloc and the communist group.
_	Due to this, the backup dancers sometimes dance out of time with Murphy, the effect that the director wanted.
_	For me, this encapsulates the effect that the 1914-18 war had upon an upper class, literary, intelligent, sensitive, somewhat neo-pagan soul.
_	Dr Ledwich, in Antiquities of Ireland is quoted in an 1833 edition of the Dublin Penny Journal to the effect that the church was founded by St Olave, a Norseman, and that this name was corrupted to Doulough.
_	The study's authors conducted a series of studies using large amounts of census data (844,476 individuals) and conclude that immigrants who arrived from 1987–2004 paid only 57% of the taxes paid by average Canadian in 2006, with the effect that taxes from immigrants do not exceed the government expenses relating to them (a gap of $23 billion annually according to their numbers).
_	At this point, no pretense was made to the effect that the site was in any way the historical burial-place of Hamlet.
_	Karl Kautsky proposed a compromise resolution to the effect that the entry of a socialist into a bourgeois government was not a normal but a transitional and exceptional emergency measure, and that Millerand’s action was not a matter of principle but of tactics, acceptable if it had the mandate of his party.
_	Additionally, Secretary Seward achieved a treaty with the French Empire, to the effect that a French refusal to withdraw from Mexico would mean an invasion from a 100,000-strong army led by Sheridan gathering on the Texas border.
_	Lessius also published a statement to the effect that the university professors had misrepresented the Jesuit doctrine.
_	Furthermore, Noriega had made a deal with his deputy, to the effect that he would step down as military leader in 1987 and allow Díaz Herrera to succeed him.
_	His denunciations uttered against all of us from the pulpit . . . and on all occasions, to the effect that we were all unconverted . . . were severe and bitter."
_	When Karl notices the effect that it has had on her, Elise reveals that her sister had drowned when the two had been dragged out to sea by a riptide when her parents had taken them on a beach holiday, and that they had only managed to rescue her.
_	In "Barkhuizen v Napier", a short-term insurance policy contained a time-bar clause to the effect that the insurer would not be liable under a claim unless summons was served within ninety days of repudiation of the claim.
_	Internally, inertia is countered by the resistance of the liquid, with the effect that larger or denser particles are transported to the wall for eventual exit at the underflow side with a limited amount of liquid, while the finer, or less dense particles, remain in the liquid and exit at the overflow side through a tube extending slightly into the body of the cyclone at the center.
_	Ford complained of the effect that his incarceration would have on his business and family, and he offered to help with the investigation, but Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton made no reply to his two letters.
_	Alternatively there have been discussions of the effect that the age of acquisition has on learning a second language.
_	Such an interpretation of the case is supported by statements in "Thoburn v Sunderland City Council" and "Hunt v Hackney Borough Council" to the effect that there now exist two forms of Acts of Parliament: ordinary acts which can be repealed impliedly, and "statutory" or "constitutional" acts which can only be repealed expressly.
_	After considering the inevitable presence of unpleasant experiences in the life of the mind, he concludes the book's first section to the effect that the presence of such unpleasant experiences "does not contradict the dominance of the pleasure principle ... does not seem to necessitate any far-reaching limitation of the pleasure principle."
_	By 1971, some 20 houses had been restored, and a charter was agreed to the effect that no place in Tsumago should be "sold, hired out, or destroyed".
_	In 2017, representatives of the National Congress of American Indians, who had previously been unaware of the tapestry project, issued statements to the effect that the final product was racist in its depiction of Native American people.
_	Last reports received from the Saints' training camp at Clarksdale, Miss., are to the effect that Wally has located his batting eye and that he is now smacking the ball regularly and hard.
_	At Thompson’s trial (held before Leitch’s), however, the same prosecutor had introduced and relied upon other evidence, to the effect that Thompson alone killed Fleischli to prevent her reporting that he had raped her.
_	The major Abakurya sub-tribes such as Abanyabasi, Abatimbaru, Abanyamongo, Abakira, Abairegi, Abakenye,Abanchaari, and Abagumbe have traditions to the effect that their ancestor was Mokurya (or Mukurya) who lived in "Misiri".
_	Define a predicate formula_3 to the effect that the letters making up a term number six.
_	Leading this mission and personally selected by Heydrich was SS veteran Alfred Naujocks, who later reported during a War Criminal proceeding that he brought a Polish-speaking German along so he could broadcast a message in Polish from the German radio station "under siege" to the effect that it was time for an all out confrontation between Germans and Poles.
_	Daleiden provides examples of how science can use empirical evidence to assess the effect that specific behaviors can have on the well-being of individuals and society with regard to various moral issues.
_	“No person has refused [the card money], and so good has been the effect that by this means the troops have lived as usual” (Lester, 1964, p. 11).
_	Revelations from the Snowden documents have provided information to the effect that the United States, notably vis-à-vis the NSA, has been conducting aggressive economic espionage against Brazil.
_	Consistent approach explains large magnitude of the effect that includes in the denominator instead of the Dirac gap of formula_14 of the order of MeV combination of splittings the energy bands in a crystal that are about eV, see next section.
_	This created the effect that the animated model was "sandwiched" in between the two live action elements, right into the final live action scene.
_	A week before the 2014 elections, Windsor Energy sued Northrup and the Government because of the statements Northrup made in 2011 to the effect that Windsor violated the province's Oil and Natural Gas Act when it conducted seismic testing in the town of Sussex.
_	The gravitational instability of mature oceanic lithosphere has the effect that at subduction zones, oceanic lithosphere invariably sinks underneath the overriding lithosphere, which can be oceanic or continental.
_	The reason for setting these sorts of incentives to one side is not that they are less important to understanding human action – after all, "social" incentive structures can only exist "in virtue of the effect that social arrangements have on the motives and actions of individual people".
_	'It is the effect that plants make that interests me more than their individuality’
_	Attempts to place the radioelements in the periodic table led Soddy and Kazimierz Fajans independently to propose their radioactive displacement law in 1913, to the effect that alpha decay produced an element two places to the left in the periodic table, whereas beta decay emission produced an element one place to the right.
_	Hyde gave judgment, in which his colleagues John Doddridge, Jones, and James Whitelocke concurred, to the effect that the returns to the writs were sufficient.
_	Rubinomics emphasizes the effect that balancing the government budget has on long-term interest rates.
_	Of these operations the Romans were for a long time ignorant, so far that Justin, relying on a rumour to the effect that Chosroes was either dead or approaching his last breath, was indignant at the tardiness of the siege of Nisibis, and sent persons for the purpose of stimulating the efforts of Marcian, and bringing to him the keys of the gates as quickly as possible.
_	Members of the Department of Health made various remarks in the media to the effect that the filing of the application for leave to appeal had the effect of suspending the order of the SCA.
_	Representatives of the pharmaceutical industry, the respondents, retaliated with a press statement to the effect that the mere lodging of an application for leave to appeal does not suspend the order of the SCA.
_	He made comments to the effect that climate change, specifically the impact on climate from the mining sector should be held at least partially responsible for the flooding.
_	Mobigame's lawyers issued a response to the effect that the Eurogamer article is accurate and that Edge Games's rebuttal is false, and stated that they were gathering evidence to demonstrate that communications Edge Games claims, in its rebuttal, to have made did not actually occur.
_	An area of concern is the effect that industrial-scale manufacturing and use of nanomaterials would have on human health and the environment, as suggested by nanotoxicology research.
_	Because of the effect that technology has on economic growth there is an implicit tie between economic growth and nationalism.
_	The ultimatum was to the effect that if within a month the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, also derogatorily known as Qadiani, were not declared a non-Muslim minority and Muhammad Zafarullah Khan, the Foreign Minister who was an Ahmadi Muslim, and other Ahmadis occupying key posts in the State, not removed from their offices, the Majlis-e-Amal would resort to direct action ("rast iqdam").
_	One of the reasons that the Drain theory is attributed to Naoroji is his decision to estimate the net national profit of India, and by extension, the effect that colonisation has on the country.
_	The latter methods, despite their lack of mathematical elegance, have been shown to be more flexible (as arbitrary inputs can be easily accommodated) and precise (due to the effect that the idealized version of the input signal is not always realizable).
_	To offset the effect that the actors themselves do not age a decade throughout the film, make-up and costuming is used in the first part of the film to portray the characters in their younger days.
_	As well as apologising to his "teammates, to fans of cricket all over the world and to all Australians who are disappointed and angry", he specifically referred to the effect that the incident had had on his parents and implored others faced with questionable decisions to consider their parents.
_	The scene was then filmed with a long lens to give the effect that the fire was mere inches away from the bed.
_	The story showed the effect that Wilson's death had on the city of Chicago, and also showed the perspective of the shooter Billy Moore.
_	Exaggerated reports quickly made it to Far West to the effect that a "mob" had captured and intended to execute a group of Mormon prisoners.
_	Engels to the effect that “all religion (…) is
_	These orders were to the effect that a detachment was to be sent to the relief of Taunton, and that the main army was to return.
_	The Council called upon all states to refrain from any diplomatic activities which might imply recognition of South African authority over the territory and called upon all the states which had diplomatic relations with Pretoria to issue a formal declaration to the effect that they do not recognize such an authority and consider the continued South African presence to be illegal.
_	Barbarika had obtained a boon from Krishna to the effect that he would be known by Krishna's own name (Shyam) in the Kaliyuga era (presently ongoing) and worshipped.
_	In the immediate aftermath of the shootings, the British government released a statement to the effect that a large car bomb had been found in Gibraltar, and that three suspected terrorists had been shot dead by the Gibraltar Police.
_	Neuroimaging is used to study the effect that alcohol has on the brain.
_	An announcement is found to the effect that it is dangerous to drink water on Wednesday and Friday evenings (Pesachim 112a).
_	The following day, "The Charleston Gazette" published comments by Mann to the effect that the messages on Sierra's T-shirts included "I hope Afghanistan wins" and "America should burn.";
_	Manning himself wrote a letter to the effect that he did not want to lead Reform anymore, but would only lead a new party.
_	A retired dean of Martin County High School, Dan Alley, said that they "tried to counsel him and show him the error of his ways, but it never had the effect that we were hoping for," and that his father "would not back up the school, and he would always take his son's side".
_	She still did so, with the effect that the police required her father to come and sail the boat home together with her.
_	A mistaken belief has thus come about to the effect that Galo is a dialect of Adi language.
_	(2) The restoration had to involve not just the appearance of the monument, or the effect that it produced, but also its structure; it had to use the most efficient means to assure the long life of the building, including using more solid materials, used more wisely.
_	The third note, of 21 July, issued an ultimatum, to the effect that the US would regard any subsequent sinkings as "deliberately unfriendly".
_	"Sovremennik"s reply was quick and to the effect that Uspensky indeed has slid down towards the 'arts for arts sake' platform and for that very reason his newest work is worthless.
_	On 15 August the Chartists called a meeting at Crown bank, Hanley, to vote on resolutions to the effect that all work would cease "until the People's Charter becomes the law of the land".
_	The ferry service was suspended from 2007 A website and online campaign / e-petition was started in an attempt to highlight the effect that the loss of the Swansea Cork ferry was having on Swansea and the South-West of Ireland.
_	It has been suggested that behind Bollas's concept lay a comment reported by Freud from a patient to the effect that he had always "known" something but he had never "thought" of it.
_	Like IDE hard disks, these enclosures contained not just the drives but also the drive controllers, a WD1772-02, with the effect that the SAM could use both drives simultaneously.
_	At one stage in the book, Skynner describes his experiences with LSD as part of a research project and the effect that they had on his subsequent consciousness, particularly in terms of understanding a spiritual dimension of life and the interconnectedness of all phenomena within it - a sense that echoes much of the descriptions of mystical experiences collated in William James's "Varieties of Religious Experience".
_	Since sustainable liquid water is thought to be essential to support complex life, most estimates, therefore, are inferred from the effect that a repositioned orbit would have on the habitability of Earth or Venus as their surface gravity allows sufficient atmosphere to be retained for several billion years.
_	An amendment to the effect that the "Lord Chief Justice of Ireland" would if he consented become the first "Lord Chief Justice of Southern Ireland" but would keep his title and rank (as well as certain non-judicial offices) was accepted.
_	He advised the association to "get a good strong editorial in one of the papers to the effect that a small group of tenants ... is soliciting funds [to fight] the proposed improvement, and stating that these efforts do not represent the consensus of opinion in St. Louis ..., and pointing out that such obstructions should be condemned".
_	Two private citizens filed a lawsuit in Quebec Superior Court in May 2012 to challenge an administrative decision from Transport Canada to the effect that the aerodrome is not located in a "built-up area".
_	The rock type also controls the effect that water will have on fault friction.
_	In 1610 Bishop Henry von Knöringen granted to the rector and the professors of theology the privilege of censorship; in 1747 this was modified to the effect that books printed in Dillingen needed also the approbation of the episcopal censor at Augsburg.
_	The most recent announcements have been to the effect that registration of persons will commence on 1 September 2015, and the scheme itself would come into effect on 1 January 2016.
_	During one such trip, the children witnessed the effect of man’s impact on the environment and the effect that slash-and-burn agriculture has on wildlife.
_	He experienced the period of dust storms, and the effect that they had on the surrounding environment and the society.
_	The Ogoni people will make representation to the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund to the effect that giving loans and credit to the Nigerian Government on the understanding that oil money will be used to repay such loans is to encourage the Nigerian government to continue to dehumanise the Ogoni people and to devastate the environment and ecology of the Ogoni and other delta minorities among whom oil is found.
_	The leadership of the Hasmoneans was established by a resolution, adopted in 141 BCE, at a large assembly "of the priests and the people and of the elders of the land, to the effect that Simon should be their leader and High Priest forever, until there should arise a faithful prophet" (1 Macc. 14:41).
_	(This fact is the origin of statements to the effect that "if you rotate the wave function of an electron by 360 degrees, you get the negative of the original wave function.")
_	Smith's term as Education Minister also saw the introduction of means-testing for student allowances, with the effect that students of middle-class parents became ineligible for allowances until they reached 25 years of age.
_	Following his comments on the geology of the locality he suspected the effect that "these bones are ante-diluvial (before the biblical flood), forms of fossil human remains".
_	Sonnino arranged for the secretary general of the ministry to send a letter to the effect that, although he could not express himself on the merits of a program which concerned all the allies, "generally speaking" he was not opposed to the legitimate claims of the Jews.
_	A 2006 study examined the effect that neutral umpires had on the rate of lbws.
_	Bell read Kreskin's press release over the air to the effect that: "the sighting prediction was a total fabrication in order to prove people's susceptibility to suggestion post 9/11".
_	The placement document is placed on the websites of the stock exchanges and the issuer, with appropriate disclaimer to the effect that the placement is meant only QIBs on private placement basis and is not an offer to the public.
_	It is particularly concerned about the effect that the WTO's General Agreement on Trade in Services (GATS) could have on transport workers by breaking down national transport regulations.
_	Reports began to circulate to the effect that the Argylls were to be disbanded as a part of general cutback on defence spending.
_	For instance, the original version of Arnold Schoenberg's "Chamber Symphony No. 1" is for E clarinet while the orchestral version is for D. Certain passages of Maurice Ravel's "Daphnis et Chloe", are set in concert D but are scored for E clarinet, with the effect that some fingerings in those passages are extremely difficult on the E-flat clarinet, which is forced to play in its B major, but would be much easier on a D clarinet, which would play in its C major.
_	Whilst Aubert appears certain of the effect that the law had, D'Arms points out that there was a clear evasion of the law in the Late Republic but that we can not be sure of the social mechanisms for evading the law.
_	At the party, also attended by the Cheerybles's nephew Frank and their elderly clerk Tim Linkinwater, Ralph and Squeers attempt to reclaim Smike by presenting forged documents to the effect that he is the long-lost son of a man named Snawley (who, in actuality, is a friend of Squeers with children at Dotheboys Hall).
_	The RSS leaders Rajendra Singh and Bhaurao Deoras had made a joint statement in 1978 to the effect that Golwalkar's purpose of writing the book was "to clarify and understand the true purpose, the exact nature, the ambit and scope of the RSS work...and its activities."
_	L'Oréal's claims in a mascara advertisement featuring actress Penélope Cruz "exaggerated the effect that could be achieved by using the mascara on natural lashes".
_	Motion pictures likely likewise were censored, and were encouraged to reinforce stereotypes to the effect that the French were always lovers of liberty and justice, contending against cruel and barbarous Germans.
_	When reproached for this, the Emperor uttered a cryptic remark to the effect that the Buddha would not mind this sacrifice.
_	It centers on the search for interstellar communication and the effect that receipt of a message has.
_	On 19 March 2008, during a surprise visit to pray at the tomb of Saint Francis in Assisi, Italy, Gorbachev made an announcement which has been interpreted to the effect that he was a Christian.
_	Sasi shelved the venture and chose to make his next film, "Poo" (Flower), after being inspired by the romantic short story of Veyilodu Poi written by Thamizh Selvan, noting that the effect that the story had on him was "mind-blowing" and decided that he had "to take the story to everyone".
_	One problem with using a generic formula such as the one above, however, is that no account is taken of the effect that different types of error may have on the likelihood of successful outcome, e.g. some errors may be more disruptive than others and some may be corrected more easily than others.
_	On December 21, 1974, FHWA Regional Counsel Roger Brady issued an opinion to the effect that the state was not required to pay for signs rendered nonconforming under state or local law.
_	The failure of the campaign of 1760, wielded by the inept Count Buturlin, induced the court of Versailles on the evening of 22 January 1761 to present to the court of Saint Petersburg a dispatch to the effect that the king of France, by reason of the condition of his dominions, absolutely desired peace.
_	The IOC sent South Africa a caution to the effect that, if there were no changes, it would be barred from the 1964 games.
_	Among this group of persons, the desire for suicide or its effects persists even as major obstacles to suicidal action are removed, with the effect that the incidences of suicide attempt and of completed suicide increase.
_	Interindividual differences in perception describes the effect that differences in brain structure or factors such as culture, upbringing and environment have on the perception of humans.
_	In 1945, he decided to travel to the United Kingdom to pursue a career in Law, though his personal account was more to the effect that he wanted a change of scene to pursue his musical skills, with legal studies being an adjunct to his genuine quest.
_	Gonzales gave an interview to the "Wall Street Journal" on December 31, 2008, in which he discussed the effect that controversies in his Bush Administration roles had had on his career and public perception.
_	They are also used to try to predict future climate and the effect that changes to the atmosphere caused by humans may have on the Arctic and beyond.
_	But on 14 November 1902, at Northampton, Loates broke his thigh, with the effect that he couldn't take up his licence for the following season.
_	What was in issue was the effect that section 60(14) may have on the right in section 35(1)(f) of the Constitution, to be released from detention if the interests of justice permit.
_	The inquest found that during the match the deceased fell and struck his head, and the medical testimony was to the effect that death was due to a fracture of the skull.
_	In January 2006, McNally was linked to the resignation of Charles Kennedy as leader of the Liberal Democrats, with critical comments regarding Kennedy's leadership of the party, and the effect that infighting was having on their electoral prospects in the upcoming local elections in May.
_	Amleth surmised the purport of their instructions, and secretly altered the message on their wooden tablets to the effect that the king should put the attendants to death and give Amleth his daughter in marriage.
_	The following week (issue dated 24 January 2009) "Music Week" published a correction by the OCC to the effect that sales of "Superstar" had been overstated and it should have been placed at number 67, with all the original numbers 23 to 67 moving up one place.
_	Despite the overwhelming acceptance that people affect culture and culture affects people, societal systems tend to minimize the effect that people form on their communities.
_	The theorem to the effect that each proposition valid over R, is also valid over *R, is called the transfer principle.
_	These noise forms have the effect that the standard variance estimator does not converge when processing time-error samples.
_	Symmetries have been proposed to the effect that all fermionic particles have bosonic analogues, and vice versa.
_	Instead, this funding merely subsidizes parties that the rich control, with the effect that public money merely leverages the contributions of major investors.
_	Unfortunately for them, rumours soon spread around Constantinople, to the effect that, following Romanos's deposition, Constantine VII's life was in danger.
_	An article published in Haiti's "Le Matin" newspaper in September 2008 cited comments by geologist Patrick Charles to the effect that there was a high risk of major seismic activity in Port-au-Prince.
_	However, the Royal Court of Guernsey ruled in favour of the islanders in 1821, with the effect that permission to harvest seaweed on Lihou was granted to inhabitants of the parishes of St Peters and St Saviours.
_	With its free-flowing style and bright, translucent colours, the work exemplifies the effect that the south of France had on Chagall’s art.
_	Eleven of the twelve then signed a declaration to the effect that had they seen Hatch's evidence during the trial, they would never have convicted him.
_	Protester Gentry, who was studying business at New York University, is said to have been Consolidated Edison New York's first Black employee in a white-collar position and to have tolerated being told by company directors to the effect that, "If you do well, we'll hire others."
_	Hogg did not mention the atheism that he shared with Percy Shelley, fearing the effect that this disclosure could have on his reputation.
_	However, this edict also appeared to have the effect that, from this point on, heads of the executive bureau who did not carry "de facto" chancellor designations were no longer considered chancellors.
_	This stunt starts out similar to the wallflip in the effect that the performer runs up to a vertical surface and places their foot on this surface.
_	Translate this to a statistical alternative hypothesis and proceed: "Because H expresses the effect that we wish to find evidence for, we often begin with H and then set up H as the statement that the hoped-for effect is not present."
_	There is another tradition, to the effect that Daniel was king of the Israelites after their return from captivity.
_	On vehicles, this certification is made by dint of the manufacturer affixing a "compliance plate" stating the vehicle's specifications and parameters, build date, identification number, and other required information along with a statement to the effect that the vehicle complies with all applicable ADRs.
_	In consequence of the petition of the Jews of Pest, the mover of which was Dr. Philip Jacobovics, superintendent of the Jewish hospital, the general assembly of the county of Pest drafted instructions for the delegates on June 10, 1839, to the effect that if the Jews would be willing to adopt the Magyar language they should be given equal rights with other Hungarian citizens.
_	Audollent (1901, p. 203) cites Delattre and Lavigerie to the effect that in the 1880s, locals still knew the area of the ancient city under the name of "Cartagenna" (i.e. reflecting the Latin "n"-stem "Carthāgine").
_	Ann receives a telegram stating to the effect that the fiancee has already married.
_	Hannibal received similar news to the effect that the Romans had just arrived with one of their consular armies (22,000 foot and 2,000 horse).
_	It allows to explore and analyse what is the effect that the variants (SNPs, CNVs, indels or structural variations) have on a particular gene, sequence, protein, transcript or transcription factor.
_	Research about the effect that video club participation can have on teacher practice has been done by Katherine A. Linsenmeier, Miriam Gamoran Sherin, and Elizabeth van Es.
_	In Georgia, similar to the case in numerous nations, low public mindfulness and comprehension of the effect that anthropogenic exercises have on the earth has been a center driver of its commitment to the contaminated waters of the Black Sea.
_	They reported that only "insignificant traces of tetrodotoxin [were found] in the samples of 'zombie powder' which were supplied for analysis by Davis" and that "it can be concluded that the widely circulated claim in the lay press to the effect that tetrodotoxin is the causal agent in the initial zombification process is without factual foundation".
_	As well as the concerns raised regarding hygiene and disease, there were also criticisms of the practice on the grounds that the effect that killing had, both on the butchers and the observers, "educate[d] the men in the practice of violence and cruelty, so that they seem to have no restraint on the use of it."
_	Shearman and Pearson called the episode a "mess", with the effect that "it cheapens 'Irresistible' badly".
_	Though the campaign lacked critical components that would generate success, it made viewers stop and think about their activism habits and question the effect that slacktivism really has.
_	As well, a valid waiver of such a right must be clear, unequivocal and done with full knowledge of the rights that the procedure was enacted to protect, as well as the effect that the waiver will have on those rights.
_	Shortly after the story broke, Wilks released a statement to the effect that he was in full support of the budget bill.
_	In electronics, complex gain is the effect that circuitry has on the amplitude and phase of a sine wave signal.
_	The motion revised a resolution passed in March 2007, to the effect that the Franco-Ontario flag would be raised each year during Francophone Week, but that requests for other declarations and flag raisings would not be accepted.
_	He supported Vice President Atiku Abubakar's comments to the effect that president Olusegun Obasanjo would honour his pledge to vacate office in 2007.
_	The Tashons had, however, never shown any active hostility towards us, and instructions were therefore issued to the effect that, while promptly suppressing any resistance that might be met with, every effort was to be used to carry out the programme peaceably and to avoid recourse to military force.
_	The largely Anglophone population of Canada West (which became the Province of Ontario) wanted continued oversight by the British Privy Council; while the largely Francophone population of Canada East (which became the Province of Quebec) were concerned about the accessibility of appeals involving travel to London, as well as the effect that a supreme court would have on Quebec civil law and Quebec nationalism more generally.
_	They also follow on from ideas expressed in Wagner's earlier essay "The Artwork of the Future", to the effect that those who are outside the "Volk" (community) are inimical to true Art.
_	There is a note in the census detail to the effect that her "inferred residence" in 1935 was Miami, FL.
_	Issue #24 (December 1980) contains a short editorial to the effect that although the magazine was reverting to b/w from the following issue, this would be "with the exception of the Dominic Fortune strip which will be in color through its offbeat conclusion in issue #26."
_	While the larger predators such as stoats and cats are the normal focus of pest control efforts in New Zealand, it is thought that the effect that smaller predators such as mice and weasels may be just as great or even worse.
_	On Saturday evening, at the Centenary Hall, Sydney, when the Prime Minister concluded his address on national defence, he intimated that he had just received a cable message to the effect that the American fleet would visit Melbourne and Sydney.
_	However, General Ronquillo was set at liberty on showing a private letter from the governor, which the latter had sent him separately with the first instructions, to the effect that he should return to Manila with his troops in any event, because they were needed in the islands for other purposes; and because of this letter Don Juan had determined not to await the second order.
_	Independent evaluation was commissioned on the work of RESTORE within prisons and the effect that it has had on young offenders and adult prisoners who had participated in the programme.
_	Andros took a hard-line position to the effect that the colonists had left behind all their rights as Englishmen when they left England.
_	They were encouraged by the effect that their protest had on the pay scale beyond their department.
_	It has the effect that anyone who takes it will reveal anything, even things of which they were not consciously aware.
_	The Minister of State for Home Affairs was quoted to the effect that the police reaction could have been improved but then went on to reassure members of Parliament that "the Government was watching the activities of the Marg [Ananda Marga members]".
_	A decree was issued by the emperor (July 23, 1787) to the effect that every Jew should choose a German surname; and a further edict (1789) ordered, to the consternation of the Jews, that they should henceforth perform military service.
_	He issued certificates to the effect that they were blind or short-sighted and therefore had to be assisted in the act of voting in order to enable Navarra’s men to accompany them into the polling booth and check their ballot.
_	Vorauer, Gagnon, and Sasaki, examined the effect that messages with a color-blind ideology had on white Canadians entering one-on-one interactions with Aboriginal Canadians.
_	For instance, the entry on the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation describes their marketing division as "a bunch of mindless jerks who will be the first against the wall when the revolution comes", with a footnote to the effect that the editors would welcome applications from anyone interested in taking over the post of robotics correspondent.
_	In the 1970s, dialing 555, at least in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, would bring one to a sort of party line known as "The Pipeline" whereby one could talk with others during the several-second intervals between a repeating recorded announcement to the effect that "The number you have dialed is not a working number.
_	Most academic commentary was to the effect that the decision made new law, notwithstanding the comments of the Privy Council to the contrary.
_	Suggestions have also been made to the effect that the Privy Council was prepared to bend the law to prevent the intention of the donor being frustrated, and the charitable foundation losing such a large bequest.
_	On 29 April, they signed an instrument of surrender to the effect that hostilities would formally end on 2 May.
_	Among the latter was Thomas Pounde in the Marshalsea, where a meeting was held to discuss means of counteracting rumours circulated by the Privy Council to the effect that Campion's mission was political and treasonous.
_	In March 1880, a report reached India that Abdur Rahman was in northern Afghanistan; and the Governor-General, Lord Lytton, opened communications with him to the effect that the British government were prepared to withdraw their troops, and to recognize Abdur Rahman as Amir of Afghanistan, with the exception of Kandahar and some districts adjacent to it.
_	On 11 January 2001 the social welfare centre issued a certificate to the effect that she was unable to take care of her children as she could not see from a distance of more than 1.5 metres.
_	Regulations, for example, contain specific provisions to the effect that party members will be stripped of their posts for using their position and/or public funds to keep a "second wife", a "hired wife", and to buy sexual services.
_	To give the effect that the train carrying Cassandra Spender is moving at a high speed, Manners utilized "sound effects, music, clever camera angles and quick cutting".
_	Spiegelman worried about the effect that his organizing of Vladek's story would have on its authenticity.
_	Alfred Henry Spink, founder of "The Sporting News", described Shaw's wind-up as follows:"After considerable swinging and scratching around with his feet, during which he would deliver a lengthy speech to the batter, to the effect that he was the best pitcher on earth and the batter a dub, he would stretch both arms at full length over his head.
_	For example, if we are willing to estimate the effect that characteristic growth (or decline) has had on the price of a computer for one period - from "t" to "t+1", then the hedonic quality index would look like:
_	In 1683, there was a complicated agreement to the effect that business should be carried on by Sir Clement's son Talbot, but he was not quite 21 years old so that the business had to be in the name of a trustee.
_	Reepicheep, in a key speech, replies to the effect that Talking Mice, being very small, would be at a constant disadvantage if they did not zealously guard their honour.
_	Semantic holism is a theory in the philosophy of language to the effect that a certain part of language, be it a term or a complete sentence, can only be understood through its relations to a (previously understood) larger segment of language.
_	However, directors of the companies involved refused to attend hearings after the Parliament of New South Wales was prorogued with the effect that directors would not have the protection of parliamentary privilege while giving evidence.
_	Thus, their body temperatures do not elevate dramatically in the presence of sunshine, decreasing the effect that dark exteriors customarily have on biological processes such as metabolism and development rate.
_	An ill-chosen remark by the consul Curtius, to the effect that the children of mixed marriages might incur the displeasure of the gods, thereby preventing the proper taking of auspices, inflamed the people to the extent at which the consuls yielded to their demands, allowing a vote on Canuleius' original "rogatio".
_	Kim Jong-il's references to Putin were to the effect that at last Russia had a leader “with whom to do business.”
_	The first explicit statement to the effect that Robin Hood habitually robbed from the rich to give the poor can be found in John Stow's "Annales of England" (1592), about a century after the publication of the Gest.
_	The Police efforts the effect that this had on the gang’s activities was less than expected.
_	On November 26, 1943 the Polish government in exile issued an instruction to the effect that if diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union were not resumed before their entry to Poland, the Home Army forces were to remain underground until further decisions were made.
_	Hillquit particularly challenged the presence of Assemblyman Louis A. Cuvillier, who had stated on the floor of the house the previous night words to the effect that "if the five accused Assemblymen are found guilty, they ought not to be expelled, but taken out and shot".
_	In a confrontation with members of the Justice Society of America, Extant aged several of them (removing the effect that had kept these heroes of the 1940s vital into the 1990s), leaving them either feeble or dead.
_	Goslich's concept – the "holding" of the object in a natural landscape – has the effect that the photos of beggars, wanderers on the roadside, or the humble street vendors do not possess the drama expected by the viewer.
_	End of year employee ‘socials’ were held at Billson’s private residence adjacent to the Brewery, and in 1906 after a particularly strained period leading up to Christmas, Billson praised his staff to the effect that ‘Throughout the whole establishment a fine spirit of harmony prevailed, and he hoped this would always continue.
_	"Anti-gaming" efforts have been made to lower the effect that a high number of links can have on a story if the links were created in a short period of time, or by a small number of people.
_	The law requires strict control over messages and images and the inclusion in all advertisements of a message to the effect that alcohol abuse is dangerous to one's health.
_	There were stories during the Cold War to the effect that 23,000 Americans who had been held in German POW camps were seized by the Soviets and never repatriated.
_	Gower continued to the effect that almost any vessel, however badly it may sail, would probably get there in the end, if the wind and weather be fair.
_	He wanted to ensure that the estate would stay in the family and therefore created a so-called "stamhus" in 1765 with the effect that it could neither be sold, margaged or divided between heirs.
_	"There is little room for doubt that the Soviet and Czechoslovak [intelligence] services circulated rumors to the effect that Müller had escaped to the West ... to offset the charges that the Soviets had sheltered the criminal ...
_	The remainder of the personnel evacuated the space, but Scott refused to leave, saying words to the effect that "This is my station and I will stay and give them air as long as the guns are going."
_	The Chapter of Myton had the effect that Bruce was looking for.
_	The recording was released in 1966 by EMI, and on the 1971 British release was a note to the effect that, although the name of the conductor and orchestra were not known, there was no doubt the soloist was Lipatti.
_	Epiphanius of Salamis is stated by Bulgakov to present in his writings "a whole series of expressions to the effect that the Holy Spirit is from the Father and the Son, out of the Father and the Son, from the Father and out of the Son, from Both, from one and the same essence as the Father and the Son, and so on".
_	Finally, classroom research deals with the effect that language instruction has on acquisition.
_	Historian David Brown rejects the traditional interpretation to the effect that Aberdeen had forged an entente cordiale with France in the early 1840s whereupon the belligerent Palmerston after 1846 destroyed that friendly relationship.
_	Describing the origins of the trick, Daniels performs the sawing a woman in half illusion in its original form, in the style of Selbit, also including Selbit's development of using panes of glass, giving the effect that the woman also has her head and legs cut off and her body cut in half vertically.
_	quotes a statement by to the effect that admixture studies have not provided a shred of evidence in favor of a genetic basis for the gap.
_	Flapan further maintains that to support their claim that Arab leaders had incited the flight, Israeli and Zionist sources were constantly "quoting" statements by the Arab Higher Committee to the effect that "in a very short time the armies of our Arab sister countries will overrun Palestine, attacking from the land, the sea, and the air, and they will settle accounts with the Jews."
_	Ministry only allowed the Kulturbund to continue to exist, if it would change its statutes to the effect that the minister (Goebbels) may – at any time – interfere in affairs of the executive board, even dissolve the Kulturbund and dispose of its assets.
_	For nearly two years Serra refrained, and then Viceroy Majorga gave instructions to the effect that Serra was within his rights.
_	The colonialist's Catholic traditions of using candlelight to celebrate the Immaculate Conception was combined with belief of the local Quimbaya tribe in the effect that fire (luces de fogota) had in protecting against panther attacks as pumas and other local fauna are believed to fear fire.
_	At the same time, Papen hedged his bets, telling Hitler that he had information from his US contacts to the effect that if the Republicans won the 1944 election, then the United States would make peace with Germany in order to focus on defeating Japan, thereby allowing Germany to defeat the UK and the Soviet Union, and therefore German foreign policy should aim at ensuring President Roosevelt lost the 1944 election.
_	Both those favouring the Isle and those favouring Manaw Gododdin say so and include a footnote to the effect that the balance seems to be on one side or the other, with accompanying arguments.
_	On 30 November 1773 an official letter of recognition arrived from London, to the effect that the Grand Landlodge was recognized as the sole Grand Lodge of the German states and was thus regarded as an equal by the Grand Lodge in London.
_	Clearance are commonly required to sign a statement to the effect that they agree to abide by the restrictions of the Official Secrets Act (OSA).
_	The pollution from vehicles highly affects human health in Berlin and surrounding areas, as well as a very high contribution to greenhouse gas emissions and the effect that has on the rest of the planet.
_	In 1651 his brother, Sir Alexander Hope, underwent examination by the committee of estates for advising the king to surrender Scotland and Ireland to Oliver Cromwell, and quoted Lord Craighall to the effect that it would be wise in the king to "treat with Cromwell for one-half of his coat before he lost the whole".
_	Three months later Coleridge was surprised and annoyed to discover that Wordsworth had written to Longman to the effect that he had decided not to publish the poem.
_	Retrograde condensation occurs when gas in a tube is compressed beyond the point of condensation with the effect that the liquid evaporates again.
_	A more significant complication, however, is the effect that the Venusian magnetic field has on liftwood.
_	In a subsequent ruling, the Court held that any prisoner facing the death penalty must be evaluated as competent to be executed, meaning that he must be capable of understanding why he has received the death penalty and the effect that the penalty will have.
_	In addition to the development of the Lips' music and performance, another theme running through the movie is the effect that drugs have had on the band and their families.
_	Even though Groves stated to the ASX that ABC had complied with its financial obligations, there was concern that several directors had sold shares in the days leading up to the announcement, before the price fell, and that Groves had not fully revealed the effect that the stock losses would have on the business through the effect of margin calls by lending partners.
_	This arrangement has the effect that the force of water from the higher side pushes the ends of the gates together firmly.
_	Smith completed the university suspension in May 2008, and the NCAA basketball pundits were speculating about the effect that the return of Smith to the team would have for Illinois, since the team had struggled to find a consistent shooter.
_	Russell went on to genetically characterize many laboratory animals for phenotypes such as physical attributes and disease susceptibilities, completing a monumental histological study on the effect that the major coat color mutations of the mouse have on the physical attributes and distribution of pigment granules in the hair.
_	In 1772 a Company mission came to Kedah under Edward Monckton; but the conclusion was negative, to the effect that the Sultan planned aggression against Selangor to the south.
_	On one side, by those known as the 'ultra Protestants', who feared that direct British rule would mean reforms that would give Catholics equal rights and overturn Protestant supremacy in Ireland, and from the other side by the 'patriot' tendency led by Henry Grattan who wanted to defend Ireland's constitutional independence and were also worried about the effect that a Union would have on Irish trade.
_	The value of formula_10 represents the effect that species j has upon species i.
_	The records of the English College, Rome contain an entry to the effect that ""Pater Gulielmus Harrison"", then aged 25 years, and a priest studying Theology in the College, took the mission oath on 23 April 1578.
_	Spanish ambassadors reported that there was "much talk here to the effect that he will be married to the Queen, as he is of the blood royal".
_	Marani used it in response to the perceived dominance of the English language; it is an emulation of the effect that non-native speakers struggling to learn a language typically add words and phrases from their native language to express their meanings clearly.
_	In 1916 the Russian ambassador in London issued an official notice to the effect that the Imperial government considered Bennett, along with other Arctic islands, integral parts of the Russian Empire.
_	The D.C. Circuit next analyzed whether Section 104(a)(2) is "constitutional," relying upon language from "Commissioner v. Glenshaw Glass Co." to the effect that, under the Sixteenth Amendment, Congress may "tax all gains" or "accessions to wealth."
_	Indeed, claims occasionally arise to the effect that the field even has no theory of its own."
_	I gained the upper hand against the Flemish rebels when the Bishop of Paris signed a document to the effect that anyone causing unrest would be beaten and their property confiscated with half the proceeds going to the Treasury of France.
_	The different conditions were used to observe the effect that pH environment had on the oxidative cleavage of the various alkoxy groups.
_	Given that it was "M" who delivered the car, it was necessary for Santam to prove that there had been some form of attornment, a tripartite agreement between Santam, the panelbeater and "M" to the effect that, although the panelbeater had formerly held for "M," it would thereafter hold for Santam.
_	The OR website has a disclaimer to the effect that they are politically neutral and that members who involve themselves in political activity do so as private individuals not as representatives of the Odinic Rite.
_	(The author distinguished between the viewpoint being satirized and that of mainstream Muslims, and provided a disclaimer to the effect that his moniker was not, in fact, "anti-Muslim," as casual visitors sometimes assumed.)
_	The Hanafi hadith scholar Ali al-Qari stated that, ""Amongst the Hanbalis, Ibn Taymiyya has gone to an extreme by prohibiting travelling to visit the Prophet – may God bless him and grant him peace"" Qastallani stated that ""The Shaykh Taqi al-Din Ibn Taymiyya has abominable and odd statements on this issue to the effect that travelling to visit the Prophet is prohibited and is not a pious deed.""
_	therefore, because he was acquainted with Greene and died of the pox, the evidence of the Jests to the effect that he was dissipated may be accepted as authentic."
_	By the present application he sought a declaration under Rule 16 of the Uniform Civil Procedures Rules to the effect that there is no jurisdiction in the court to deal with the causes of action pleaded in the counterclaim.
_	There is a curious statement by Plutarch to the effect that Plato disapproved of Menaechmus achieving his doubled cube solution with the use of mechanical devices; the proof currently known appears to be purely algebraic.
_	Kaiser the next day, were to the effect that he had endangered world peace and carried out acts of sabotage and diversionary actions, while acting as an agent of the "Ildebrandt'schen" ["i.e. relating to Rainer Hildebrandt"]
_	A statement to the effect that a chapel existed in the middle of the 'feature;' has been made, however details are lacking.
_	The stabilization of the 7s electrons is called the inert pair effect; the effect that separates the 7p subshell into the more-stabilized and the less-stabilized parts is called subshell splitting.
_	He had been professed at Bellevaux, and was of the colony sent to found Lützel, and this has caused some misunderstandings in the past to the effect that Salem was founded from Bellevaux rather than from Lützel.
_	That provision, which ceased to have any relevance in law once all children of Elizabeth and Philip reached adulthood, was to the effect that Prince Philip, if living, would act as regent in case of an underage succession to the Crown by one of the children born of his marriage to Queen Elizabeth II.
_	A short period of religious meditation followed with the effect that Randall's piety was awakened and he was himself energized as an evangelist of Christianity.
_	This novel follows Milica Stojadinović Srpkinja and the effect that nationalism has on her literary career.
_	In December 2010, a number of MPs from the opposition were temporarily suspended from attending the proceedings of the Dewan Rakyat and this led to some discussions as to whether their suspension meant that the number of votes required for the two-thirds majority was reduced to the effect that the ruling party regained the majority to amend the Constitution.
_	Me 163B to ensure that everything was running correctly, the German crew being apprehensive should an accident befall Brown, until being given a disclaimer signed by him to the effect that they were acting under his orders.
_	However, this had the effect that all of the cities' garrisons in modern Hebei abandoned them, except for Zhongshan and two other important cities -- Yecheng and Xindu (信都, in modern Hengshui, Hebei).
_	The study of the effect that tourism has on environment and communities involved is relatively new.
_	Hart returned to England the following year and in October received a letter from the Duke of Portland to the effect that King George III had authorised him wear the Orders given to him.
_	A suspensive condition is sometimes found in commercial transactions to the effect that the transaction depends upon the seller's approval of the buyer's financial stability.
_	People working with sensitive information are commonly required to sign a statement to the effect that they agree to abide by the restrictions of the Official Secrets Act.
_	Boucher accepted that Bank of Ireland was responsible for Minister for Finance Brian Lenihan putting '‘erroneous information'’ on the Dáil record to the effect that no performance-related bonuses were paid to staff.
_	In 1964, he made an agreement with the Tuborg brewery, to the effect that works of art could be displayed on the sides of beer vans as they drove their delivery rounds through the country.
_	LeBeau says seeing the effect that Coach Bowlus had on him and his teammates clinched it for him at that point.
_	Concerned that the new compact might not sufficiently safeguard states' rights, the anti-federalists sought to insert into the New York ratification message language to the effect that "there should be reserved to the state of New York a right to withdraw herself from the union after a certain number of years."
_	It includes an unusual triple filiation, which confirms the literary evidence to the effect that Clodius was the son of Appius Claudius Pulcher, consul in 79 BC, and grandson of Appius Claudius Pulcher, consul in 143.
_	It quotes Patrick Henry, Representative John Holmes, and Declaration of Independence signatory James Wilson to the effect that jurors should be familiar with the "character" of the defendant on trial.
_	Romantsev made public announcements to the effect that Chervickenko was disrespecting the club and separately criticised UEFA and referees of cheating in order to prevent Russian clubs from progressing in Europe.
_	William Chambers, in his "Memoir of Robert Chambers", still sworn to secrecy despite his brother's recent passing, makes his only mention of "Vestiges" in connection with this affair: "(Robert) might have been well assured that a rumor to the effect that he was the author of 'Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation' would be used to his disadvantage, and that anything he might say on the subject would be unavailing.".
_	A Fatwā to the effect that Ghulam Ahmad was Kafir ( "unbeliever," "disbeliever," or "infidel.") had been issued by Maulavi Syed Nazeer Husain which brought forth innumerable other Fatwās throughout the Punjab and India.
_	This explains why Pueblo Bonito was only inhabited for about 300 years and is a good example of the effect that deforestation can have on the local environment.
_	He found that "an agreement was made between defense counsel and the police officials to the effect that the Defendant was not to be questioned on the return trip to Des Moines," and that the evidence in question had been elicited from Williams during "a critical stage in the proceedings requiring the presence of counsel on his request."
_	People have since explored the general area of Magnetic Island with various instruments to discover what might have caused the effect that Cook reported, but nothing has been discovered.
_	The Anambra River since then became a reference point both for the whites and Anam people to the effect that when asked where they were from, they would say that they were from the Anam Branch Area.
_	Third, section 704 directs the Secretary to study and report to Congress on the effect that certain alternative fueled vehicle requirements have had on three areas:<br>
_	In her book "Reel to Real", hooks discusses the effect that movies have on any given individual, with specific emphasis on the black female spectator.
_	In August 2015 President Varela and the Cacia General of the indigenous Comarca, Silvia Carrera, signed an agreement to the effect that the civil works of the dam would be completed, but that the electromechanical works would remain suspended and the dam would not be flooded until a final agreement had been reached.
_	There have been conflicting studies on the use of body-worn cameras and the effect that these cameras have on police behavior.
_	Having lost on both the capacity and authority issues, Credit Suisse sought to argue that Vestia were estopped from raising those arguments by virtue of the representations that they had given under the ISDA Master Agreement to the effect that it had all necessary capacity and power to enter into the transactions.
_	This case demonstrates the complications in distinguishing between insanity and automatism, and the effect that this lack of distinction has on trials.
_	The blacklist has the effect that domain name registrars based in the US must block those websites.
_	In her memoirs "A Swabian Youth" she writes, inter alia, to the effect that 'The Allies had been "trying to eradicate as many Germans" in their air raids on German cities, and the German concentration camps were of the "model" that Stalin used and that the British followed in the Boer War'.
_	The power of the cities had the effect that there were only two voting estates:
_	Act counters slow or busy courts with a provision to the effect that ‘the running of prescription shall be interrupted by the service on the debtor of any process whereby the creditor claims payment on the debt’, on the grounds that it would be unfair to penalise someone for the tardiness of the administrative process.
_	Adaptation of a technology can incorporate reinterpretation of its function and meaning, to the effect that the technology itself can take on a new role.
_	Finally, P. M. (Pat) Estes, then of St. Louis, made a motion to the effect that the challenge be accepted and that E. H. Jones be authorized and directed to organize and captain a team for the occasion.
_	There is an ancient tradition to the effect that on the occasion of a cure wrought before here in 1665 on 2 August, (the Feast of Our Lady of the Angels), a choir of angels, it is said, was heard singing.
_	This is the effect that provides the element of memory in a hard disk drive.
_	The official SAR diagram book contains an annotation with the Type XE1 drawing to the effect that tender no. 552, a three-axle Type YC tender off a SAR Class 6C locomotive, was added to the type in 1956.
_	The combination of market size, market importance, relatively stringent standards and regulatory capacity of the European Union can have the effect that firms trading internationally find that it is not economically, legally or technically practical to maintain lower standards in non-EU markets.
_	This was clarified in November to the effect that only reconnaissance maritime aircraft (e.g., Short Sunderland flying boats) would have the Type A on the upper wings but all aircraft would use the Type B on the sides.
_	The only proof offered for such an identification is a note appended to the manuscript of the letter to the effect that "the author afterward became a Christian".
_	However, their parents have to give an undertaking to the effect that they will not give birth to more than three children.
_	Justice Harlan further argued that the Convention debates were clear to the effect that Article I, § 4, had vested exclusive control over state districting practices in Congress and that the Court action overrode a congressional decision not to require equally populated districts.
_	In reflection seismology, normal moveout (NMO) describes the effect that the distance between a seismic source and a receiver (the offset) has on the arrival time of a reflection in the form of an increase of time with offset.
_	The Treaty of Lisbon also states that "the Union shall replace and succeed the European Community," with the effect that, once the Treaty entered into force, the EU obtained the membership of the World Trade Organisation (WTO) which had belonged to the European Communities pillar.
_	The concept of a "pan-Caribbean" culture area refers to recent proposals by an international group of archaeologists to the effect that contacts among Pre-Columbian peoples of the Yucatán Peninsula, the Antilles, Central America, and northern South America may have been more extensive than heretofore acknowledged.
_	As did Alexander Marshack, but earlier, Levy made an observation to the effect that in the earliest known representations of humans and animals together, the humans are shown without weapons.
_	This view was also strongly supported by the Fitzroy Football Club, whose captain had taken the extraordinary step of signing a declaration to the effect that, in his opinion, the ground was entirely unfit to play upon.
_	The assessment of income and assets varies greatly between different social security payments and the effect that income and assets have on each payment differs in that they have different income thresholds (i.e. how much income one can earn before it affects their payment) and different taper rates (the amount the payment drops by per dollar above these thresholds).
_	Some families may perceive cause-effect analyses as attempts to allocate blame to one or more individuals, with the effect that for many families a focus on causation is of little or no clinical utility.
_	This term is used to describe the effect that bullying takes on someone lower down on the ladder of workforce, making it hard to climb that ladder.
_	He then gives a false clue to Batman and Robin to the effect that "Taurus the Bull is next on my show", and "You'll be singing a song of woe!"
_	Perhaps the views expressed by Schiller in his 'Bride of Messina' to the effect that he had hopes for the full revival of the tragedy of the ancients upon our stage, in the form of the opera, will receive new justification in this "Norma"!
_	The Papageno effect is the effect that mass media can have by presenting non-suicide alternatives to crises.
_	He said: "Because it has a continuing storyline, "EastEnders" was able to look at the effect that schizophrenia has on a family and on individual relationships.
_	In a 2010 blog post he adapted the philosophical term epistemic closure to describe the effect that the rise of conservative media has had on right-of-center political discourse in the United States.
_	This statement is based on testimony from several eyewitnesses to the effect that soldiers and other people with whom she spent much time, felt no carnal desire for her.
_	However, by October 5, 1909, Orsan R. Willard, owner of "Wolverine", had filed a charge with the U.S. Steamboat Inspection Service against T.R. Panter, owner of the river steamer "Coquille" to the effect that while "Wolverine" had been docked, Panter had deliberately rammed "Coquille" into "Wolverine".
_	At the appeal, the prosecution was given permission to adduce additional evidence to the effect that in 2001 Fricker had been convicted in Switzerland of multiple incidents of damaging public property.
_	As reported in yesterday's "Standard," the wireless officer of steamer Makambo, which at the time was off the New Hebrides, radiogramed station 4QG on Sunday night, to the effect that he was receiving the band concert very clearly, and at great volume, on a single valve set.
_	They added much sanctimonious twaddle to the effect that, if the consequence of such an act puts Jews in danger, the violation of the Sabbath is permitted, for their sake."
_	He immediately expelled the Jews from Gascony, a province still then held by England and in which he was travelling at the time; and on his return to England (July 18, 1290) he issued writs to the sheriffs of all the English counties ordering them to enforce a decree to the effect that all Jews should leave England before All Saints' Day of that year.
_	On 15 October the "Rukurato" (Parliament of Bunyoro) passed a resolution to the effect that from midnight on 18 October they would simply treat the lost counties as though they had reverted to Bunyoro, though this had little practical effect.
_	A press release by Polymancer Studios in Polyglot Volume #3 Issue #1 indicated that this has had the effect that the company intended.
_	The Soviet response arrived on June 23; it demanded a signed statement to the effect that Finland was ready to surrender and was asking for peace, but the Finnish government rejected this.
_	On 22 August US President Wilson's press officer issued a statement to the effect that the White House staff was speculating on what to do if the "Arabic" investigation indicated that there had been a deliberate German attack.
_	Louisiana examiners knew Taylor had suffered two brain trauma, was sometimes confused and could have poor judgement, they ruled, "We do not believe that the evidence preponderates to the effect that Dr. Taylor intentionally downloaded child pornography, and we so find".
_	The argument of the applicant, to the effect that section 7(2) places a more extensive obligation on the state to respect, protect and promote the rights of South Africans when they are in foreign countries, was rejected.
_	More recently, he has focused on urban society in Britain since the 1960s, especially regarding the effect that material structures have on everyday life in British cities.
_	Dancigers, panicked by what he feared would be a complete debacle, quickly commissioned an alternate "happy" ending to the film, and also tacked on a preface showing stock footage of the skylines of New York, London and Paris with voice-over commentary to the effect that behind the wealth of all the great cities of the world can be found poverty and malnourished children, and that Mexico City "that large modern city, is no exception".
_	This has the effect that all non-ideal behavior is described by the activity coefficient: the activity coefficient at 1 mol/l is not necessarily unity (and is frequently quite different from unity).
_	In order to test the effect pesticides have on the environment and to test the efficacy of using pesticides in conjunction with natural predators, the effect that several pesticides have on the health of "B. lecheguana" and other wasps was assayed.
_	Such was the effect that German infantry assault units were able to break through the forward defenses on 8 May, the first day of the attack, and took the town of Kerch on 15 May.
_	The discussion of religious topics was one of his chief pleasures, and the pages of his Exeter paper contained a lengthened controversy from three divines, named Cleeve, Dennis, and Carpenter, on the Trinitarian question, which Flindell 'closed at last in a somewhat perplexed manner,' and provoked from Colton the epigram printed in Archdeacon Wrangham's catalogue of his English library, p. 564, to the effect that the three parsons had proved 'not one incomprehensible but three,' and Flindell had shown 'not three incomprehensible but one.'
_	FMEP pays particular attention to the effect that Israeli settlements have on Israeli-Palestinian peace efforts.
_	The legend (doubtless made to reconcile the two accounts in the Book of Genesis of the creation of woman, the first of which represents her made with man, and by implication, coequal; and the other as created second and subordinate), is to the effect that God first created Adam and Lilith, equal in authority; that the clashing this led to was so great, that Lilith was cast out from Eden, and the marital experiment tried again, on a different principle, by the creation of Eve. Lilith thereafter wedded Eblis, the prince of devils, and became the mother of demons and specters; and in vengeance upon her rival, Eve, the mother of mankind, became the special enemy of babies, whom she strangles with a thread of her golden hair.
_	All of the ASC's and ASIC's communications with Storm, following such reviews and audits, were to the effect that Storm's conduct was, in general, appropriate and lawful, subject only to minor matters.
_	The only evidence to the effect that penicillin was the cause of the boy's deafness came from Mr Williams, a neuro-surgeon.
_	He gave the principal of the college, Shri S K Rudra, a notice to the effect that he wished to leave St Stephen's.
_	However, on 21 January Martin received a letter stating that the mission of the Michaelmas Task Force remained unchanged and a radiogram was received on 22 January to the effect that this was not consistent with Krueger's wishes.
_	There is a not very intelligible passage in the canons of the Council of Tours to the effect that all through August there were ""festivitates et missae sanctorum"", but this is not borne out by the existing sacramentaries or the Lectionary.
_	Wellington lawyer Lecretia Seales, terminally ill from a brain tumour, sought High Court declarations to the effect that her doctor would not be committing murder, manslaughter or assisting a suicide if he assisted in her euthanasia.
_	Madécasse exports vanilla beans and extract from Madagascar to replicate the effect that they have with their chocolate bars in the vanilla sector.
_	When their would-be captor, Lucas Deranian (who O'Day earlier in the novel had likened to the devil), attempts to interrogate Father O'Day, the priest speaks to the effect that God is capable of creating many worlds and many peoples; that there are "mysteries far beyond [Deranian's] narrow dreaming."
_	Many argue that it is difficult to measure the effect that teachers have on student learning.
_	At run time, if the dynamic linker finds a codice_8 attribute, it ignores the value of the codice_2 attribute, with the effect that codice_9 is checked first and the paths in the codice_8 attribute are only searched afterwards.
_	In mid-May, Aćimović's administration issued a declaration to the effect that the Serbian people wanted "sincere and loyal cooperation with their great neighbor, the German people".
_	However, by 1942, the Vatican "preferred to have Stepinac try to rein the fascists in rather than risk the effect that a papal denunciation would have on the unstable Croatian state".
_	However, this had the effect that all of the cities' garrisons in modern Hebei abandoned them, except for Zhongshan and two other important cities—Yecheng (in modern Handan, Hebei) and Xindu (信都, in modern Hengshui, Hebei).
_	Therefore, policies that give greater power to people who do paid labor, such as cutting back on public expenditure in order to lessen income taxes have an adverse effect on female employment and the effect that the double burden has on females.
_	The automation of industry and the effect that it has on society are the predominant themes of "Player Piano".
_	The entrance fee to the club was originally half-a-crown, but eventually it rose to a guinea, but so economical were its members, that among the last entries in the minutes of this time was one to the effect that suppers should be at "the old price of 4 and a half Pennies a head".
_	Rumours were spread to the effect that the French government were despatching a cruiser to Yanam to capture Merger Leaders and to re-establish their authority.
_	Only last month his party congress passed a resolution to the effect that he should take action against enemies of the revolution in Seychelles and abroad".
_	This gives the effect that the concert audience is behind the home listener.
_	The book also discusses the effect that Western attitudes have had on the Muslim psyche and attempts to explain the diverse attitudes of many modern Muslims towards the Western world today.
_	Calorad Classic, like all nutritional supplements, has not been evaluated by the US Food and Drug Administration, and all marketing materials related to the product carry a disclaimer to the effect that it is "a food supplement and is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease."
_	I regret they did not import from that country a very important principle prevailing there, to the effect that the Government of the day shall impose as few burdens upon the people as possible.
_	Another view is, however, expressed in the Mishnah to the effect that the "deme weladot," the price of the child or children that were destroyed by the miscarriage, should be paid to the husband of the woman by the man causing the damage.
_	On 21 July 2017, Honda Racing, an English company based in Louth, Lincolnshire also known as "Honda Racing CBR", issued a statement to the effect that Guy Martin would not be competing at the 2017 Ulster Grand Prix; the decision was described by an event organiser as ""Naturally I’m disappointed...but it’s not altogether surprising given the difficulties the team has experienced throughout the season"".
_	One of his supporters (and himself a railway director and deputy chairman) made a statement to the meeting to the effect that railway boards of directors cannot afford to be too nice, "It is very difficult to make a railway out of nothing …
_	These were starring roles, much bigger than his Hollywood roles, to the effect that he became the darling of the swashbucklers during the late 50s and early 60s.
_	Research on the effect that recurrence has on caregivers is mixed.
_	Originally, Arabs established centers of power in only a few cities and ports in the region, with the effect that the other areas remained Berber-speaking.
_	Shortly after that the Popish Plot was being hatched by Titus Oates, and information was forwarded to James Butler, 1st Duke of Ormonde as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, to the effect that a rebellion was being planned in Ireland, that Peter Talbot was one of the accomplices, and that assassins had been hired to murder the Duke himself.
_	Wynne found no fault with the line, requiring only an undertaking from the EGR to the effect that the line would only be worked by a single engine.
_	Army and navy leaders were forced to testify before Congress to the effect that the nation's military was in excellent shape.
_	In October 1857 the inquisitor of Bologna, a Dominican friar called Father Pier Gaetano Feletti, learned of rumours to the effect that a secret baptism had been administered to one of the city's Jewish children by a Catholic servant.
_	As a result, the testament did not have the effect that Lenin had hoped for and Stalin retained his position as General Secretary, with the notable help of A. P. Smirnov, then People’s Commissar of Agriculture.
_	Leasor quoted Elsie O'Neill, the widow of one of the passengers, to the effect that Irwin "kept on saying 'They're rushing us.
_	After the slaying of the Qurayza tribe in 627, Hassan ibn Thabit composed a poem to the effect that they had gone to Hell.
_	Pot issued directives to the senior Khmer Rouge leadership to the effect that Vietnam was now an enemy.
_	A proclamation was then issued to the effect that each kingdom should keep its own laws and customs, that there should be no further interchange of functionaries between the kingdoms, and that no one should again set up a tyranny like that of Ebroin.
_	focused on assessing the effect that quality circles had on participating employees and found that the attitudes of employees who participated in quality circles were influenced in the areas concerning participation, decision making, and group communication.
_	In similar massacres in Russia and the Ukraine, there were many accounts contrary to Zingler's to the effect that participation was voluntary, and even sometimes sought after, and that those who refused to take part in shootings suffered no adverse consequences.
_	She studied the effect that both had on workers, managers and organizational structures.
_	Herrera is notable for consistently manipulating the effect that triangles often have in paintings, which is providing context and perspective that takes away from a works abstraction.
_	Hot-potato routing has the effect that the network receiving the data bears the cost of carrying it between cities.
_	I afterwards learnt we owed the accommodation, such as it was, to the compassion of the landlord's wife, who chose to weave a little romance about us to the effect that we were a newly married couple, and who was not a little disappointed when I informed her I had been married several years, and had three children!
_	Simultaneously, posts that Gibson had made on her Healing Belle Instagram account that made reference to her cancers or charitable donations were also being selectively deleted, drawing further negative comment to the effect that particularly Gibson's cancer-related claims were suddenly "being erased from the internet".
_	Sayings to the effect that Shitou and Mazu were the two great masters of their day date from decades after their respective deaths.
_	He used the Latin word "gravitas" (weight) for the effect that would become known as gravity, and defined the law of universal gravitation.
_	A strange fabrication, to the effect that Bylazora was located at the village of Kneze near Sveti Nikole stems from professor Ivan Mikulcic, who in 1976 set foot on the hill called Safara and claimed "this is Bylazora" without presenting a single substantial fact.
_	It was usually to be found in a separate section under the heading of Apocrypha and sometimes carrying a statement to the effect that the such books were non-canonical.
_	However, the U.S. Department of Education has provided nonregulatory guidance to the effect that if comparable facilities are provided for both boys and girls then single-sex schools are permitted, and comparable facilities are, both at Excellence Charter School of Bedford Stuyvesant and in other schools in the city, including for boys only.
_	For example, a ballistic pendulum was used by physicist C. V. Boys to measure the elasticity of golf balls, and by physicist Peter Guthrie Tait to measure the effect that spin had on the distance a golf ball traveled.
_	The official statement reads: "As a result of the discussion, we have the final decision for Tiffany to leave the show, in consideration of what we agree to be the effect that the controversy had on the country's sentiments."
_	He suggested that there was a Constitutional Convention in the Jamaican Constitution to the effect that a Senator should resign if there was evidence of a lack of confidence expressed in him or her by the Prime Minister or the Opposition Leader, because of the essential nature of the Senate as an upper house.
_	According to UPA sources, subsequently some of the Polish soldiers from the 2nd battalion of the 34th regiment were captured by the UPA and gave statements to the effect that the majority of the killings were carried out by the 3rd battalion of the 34th Regiment of the LWP.
_	There is clear discomfort throughout the novel about the changing landscape of London and the effect that Imperialism and changing social norms have on society.
_	She told him he need not worry about that since “he would be alright” and with more doubt expressed by the court, as to the claimant's recollection of exact words, perhaps words to the effect that “this will all be yours one day”, if not the court deemed then similar promises.
_	There must at least be an added article to the effect that they delegate to us their sovereign rights ... the treaties must be as brief as possible and in a couple of articles must grant us everything.
_	They claimed that, although man always retains the willpower to resist divine grace, efficacious grace has the effect that he does not want to resist it.
_	Lyrically, the song's lyrics are about being in love, as well as the effect that it can have, as evident in the opening line, "My life will never be the same, 'cause, girl, you came and changed the way I walk, the way I talk, I cannot explain".
_	According to Steve Jackson, "The statement on the Interplay web site, to the effect that this was a mutual decision of SJ Games and Interplay, is not true.
_	Appending a minus sign to the « has the effect that leading tabs are ignored.
_	The Tsar rejected the address and threatened conscientious objectors with loss of study places and offices, but strikes organised by the Kagal had the effect that virtually no one arrived at the army enlistment, and finally the Tsar gave up implementing a mandatory draft.
_	"We have had replies, but the replies were to the effect that you have met my predecessor [earlier housing minister James Wharton<nowiki>]</nowiki> and there were a number of matters that we are looking at and we are still looking at it."<ref name="Guardian17/6/2017">Revealed: the tower block fire warnings that ministers ignored "The Guardian"</ref>
_	Until 1909, this had the effect that women with Socialist sympathies chose other women organisations.
_	In other words, we can control our own emotions as well as the effect that other people’s emotions have on us.
_	He sent a statement to the effect that if the government wanted a war, he would give it to them in November.
_	The Staircase which leads from the doors of Helwys Hall up to the Library was designed by Hughes and attempts to express the effect that reading Dr Pearce Carey's life of William Carey had upon him.
_	As a member of the Smithfield Club he proposed, at a general meeting of that Society, shortly before it moved to the Agricultural Hall, two resolutions, to the effect that the general members should have more voice, and the opportunity of taking more interest in the proceedings.
_	Commuters could purchase (much) lower cost passage, leading to local humor to the effect that through traffic from out-of-state was paying for the road, a position founded in some truth.
_	In 2009, he criticized statements by Pope Benedict XVI, which were of the effect that condom use was unhelpful or even counter-productive in the fight against AIDS.
_	By the 1950s, the hypothesis of primitive ethical monotheism was rejected by the academic establishment, so its proponents of Schmidt's "Vienna school" rephrased it to the effect that while ancient cultures may not have known "true monotheism", they at least show evidence for "original theism" ("Ur-Theismus", as opposed to non-theistic animism), with a concept of "Hochgott" ("High God", as opposed to "Eingott" "Single God").
_	On publication of the book, British police asked Derek if it was true, and he signed a statement to the effect that it was.
_	The midrash terminates with a statement to the effect that the Messiah is to descend from Ruth through David.
_	This has had the effect that migrants without a visa are not allowed on aircraft, boats or trains going into the Schengen Area, so migrants without a visa have resorted to migrant smugglers.
_	His most recent research, which he is still working on today, is largely focused on the effect that aging has on the circadian clock.
_	In enacting private transfer fee statutes many legislatures included prefatory statements to the effect that the basis of the legislation was that a private transfer fee constituted an “unreasonable restraint on alienation”, “regardless of the amount or duration of the fee”.
_	The three oaths were declared invalid, with the effect that the trio could not vote in the subsequent election of the LegCo President, in which Andrew Leung of the Business and Professionals Alliance for Hong Kong (BPA) was controversially elected.
_	The Well Living Lab's research agenda is focused on studying the effect that buildings, and the things in them, have on human health.
_	According to Hillel ben Herz ("Bet Hillel," "Yoreh De'ah", § 157), Naphtali says the Jews of Vilna had been compelled to uncover when taking an oath in court, but later purchased from the tribunal the privilege to swear with covered head, a practise subsequently made unnecessary by a decision of one of their rabbis to the effect that an oath might be taken with uncovered head.
_	They dispute an alternative explanation, suggested by Mackay in a discussion with Libet (1979, p. 219) to the effect that 'the subjective referral backwards in time may be due to an illusory judgment made by the subject when he reports the timings', and more significant, Libet, et al. (1979, p. 220) hint at 'serious though not insurmountable difficulties' for the identity theory (of mind and matter) caused by their data.
_	Quizzed, for instance, on his introduction of a chord progression into an Arabic maqam, his amiable retort was to the effect that, if he felt like it and it sounded alright, why shouldn't he?
_	This had the effect that a market case could not be generated to gain shareholder (Bell Canada) approval to spend the limited capital funding to replace it with modern equipment.
_	Behr (1994) cites Bazin and Hamilton (1991) to the effect that the four variant 土/吐-番/蕃 characters used to write "Tu-fan/bo" (Middle Chinese *Tʰɔʰ-buan < Old Chinese *Thaˤ-pjan) "Tibet" suggest "a purely phonetic transcription" of an underlying *"Töpün" "The Heights, Peaks" "Tibet" etymology from Old Turkish "töpä/töpü" "peak; height".
_	Already by 1912 there were signals to the effect that a motorized postal service from Bamberg to Heiligenstadt was being planned.
_	The official Zhang Yi (張易), however, later pointed out to Li Jingda that his repeated attempts to remove Li Jing's close associates were not having the effect that he wanted, and might create incentive for them to falsely accuse him.
_	They built a story around them, added Dorothy, and added a series of lessons to the effect that everyone possesses the resources they need (such as brains, a heart and courage) if only they had self-confidence.
_	"Then, again, the issue of meteorological reports to the effect that westerly winds were blowing would indicate that ships were lying off the island.
_	Dawkins develops this idea by pointing to the effect that a gene may have on an organism's environment through that organism's behaviour.
_	William Armstrong Percy cites just one example of Johansson's surprising discoveries: while the British Wolfenden Committee was sitting, Johannson unearthed the by-now-famous citation from Sigmund Freud, to the effect that homosexuals were not sick, and sent it off.
_	The usual compromise solution has been to provide "lap" by lengthening rubbing surfaces of the valve in such a way as to overlap the port on the admission side, with the effect that the exhaust side remains open for a longer period after cut-off on the admission side has occurred.
_	Being aware of this model promotes taking responsibility for one's actions and the effect that their actions have on their community.
_	Shortly afterwards, BR adopted the 25 kV AC system for electrification, with the effect that the Woodhead Line "passed very quickly from ultra-modern to obsolescent."
_	Other writers view such a relationship as overly commercialized and effectively commodifying literature, and have written about the effect that this may have on impressionable teen readers and teen writers.
_	In response to criticism to the effect that this is essentially the religious worldview prevalent in early Europe succeeded by the scientific revolution of around the 18th century, Hindutva authors answer that the distinction of science and pseudoscience (or proto-science) is Eurocentric and inapplicable to Vedic science:
_	At the close of the book Ghulam Ahmad has made an announcement to the effect that all those who would like to ask any questions or who have any objections against Islam, the Qur'an and the prophet Muhammad, or against himself (Ghulam Ahmad) or his claims or the work that he is doing, should write to him and seriously and sincerely ask for his answers.
_	In response the community posted on its website a note to the effect that the initiative was undertaken and authorized democratically and came from both Jewish and Palestinian members of the village.
_	To counter this, while the inquiry was still on-going, the FR entered into a legally binding agreement with GCC, to the effect that if they gained a transfer order, they would go through with re-building the WHR and would commence work within five years.
_	Others turned on the television to watch Azerbaijani music concerts and raised the volume to give the effect that they were in fact Azerbaijanis.
_	Some of the topic frequently covered by these filmmakers is the effect that religious fundamentalism, gender discriminatory "Sharia" law, and patriarchal tribal customs have on women and girls.
_	This will mean that individual points in the picture plane will focus on different points of depth, with the effect that the plane of sharp focus will tilt.
_	Many genealogical records were recorded at the time of a loved one's death, and so genealogists should consider the effect that grief may have had on the informant of these records.
_	They wanted to resolve two major questions: the effect that firing the upper superfiring turrets would have on the crewmen in the lower guns, and whether smoke from the discharge of the lower guns would hinder the targeting capabilities of the upper turret.
_	Other arguments include those to the effect that the death of animals in slaughterhouses is often much worse than the death in the ring, and that both types of animal die for entertainment since humans do not need to consume meat, eating it instead for taste (bulls enter the food chain after the bullfight).
_	While Lawrence rechecked his results at Berkeley only to find that Chadwick was correct, Rutherford and Oliphant conducted an investigation at the Cavendish that found that deuterium fuses to form helium-3, thereby causing the effect that the Lawrence had observed.
_	In Easter 2010 the band updated their Facebook and Myspace pages to the effect that James Lane had left the band, to be replaced by Ant Henderson.
_	After the collapse of Fascism in July 1943, and the Armistice that September, the Italian Anarchist Federation (FAI) took over management and publication of the paper, and it took on many of the characteristics of that group's libertarian philosophy: internal organization is not absolute and rigid, but is shaped by the mandates of a congress, who also establish the editorial motifs; an extensive network of frequent collaborators is recognized, any of its readers can have an exchange with the paper, with the effect that a substantial number of articles are published by very occasional collaborators; there is absolute freedom to choose the topic to be covered; distribution is left largely to the talents of militants.
_	Panos Zavos, a former professor of the University of Kentucky, at the time had plans to create human clone embryos, but he stated to the effect that Clonaid's claims were without merit and that Eve did not exist.
_	She is the author of the 2001 book "Tilting the Playing Field: Schools, Sports, Sex, and Title IX", a critical review of the effect that gender equity policies have had on male and female school sports.
_	Tanner quotes from the register of Oliver Sutton, bishop of Lincoln from 1280 to 1300, an entry to the effect that a certain friar Phil. de Baston, of the Carmelite order, was ordained priest on 22 September 1296.
_	Rumours were spread to the effect that the French were dispatching a cruiser to Yanam to capture pro-merger leaders and to re-establish their authority.
_	In 2009 the government of Mexico created a regulatory pathway for approval of genetically modified maize, but because Mexico is the center of diversity for maize, concerns have been raised about the effect that genetically modified maize could have on local strains.
_	Comparisons have also been made to a statement by Isidore of Seville to the effect that the river Tanais (now the Don) had been named for one "Tanus", an ancestral king of Scythia.
_	Miscavige boasted of the effect that this had on the agency:
_	On 7 March 1901, the United States Minister to China, Edwin Hurd Conger (1843–1907), sent a cable to John Hay, the United States Secretary of State, that exonerated Squiers completely of looting: "the reports that have reached America to the effect that H.G. Squiers, the United States Secretary of Legation, had been guilty of looting were based on misinformation.
_	In an internal memo to Secretary of the Navy James Forrestal, Strauss argued, "If such a test is not made, there will be loose talk to the effect that the fleet is obsolete in the face of this new weapon and this will militate against appropriations to preserve a postwar Navy of the size now planned."
_	The judgment laid down important principles to the effect that rivers are a national resource and not the property of any State and the sharing of waters must be on equitable basis and further placed the requirement of drinking water at the highest pedestal.
_	At first instance, Maritime National Fish prevailed, the trial judge holding that it was "not unreasonable to imply a condition to the effect that if the law prohibits the operation of this boat as a trawler the obligation to pay hire will cease".
_	The "Samguk Yusa" also cites the lost historical records of "Go-gi" (고기/古記 - ""Old Analects/ Records"") to the effect that Dan'gun's capital was located in Pyongyang.
_	Huxley's reply to the effect that he would rather be descended from an ape than a man who misused his great talents to suppress debate—the exact wording is not certain—was widely recounted in pamphlets and a spoof play.
_	The shield is a warning punishment used for minor offences, and it has the effect that a player cannot shoot or be shot for a period of time, like being deactivated, except that the lights on the pack stay on, and the player does not lose power.
_	Subsequently, codebreakers decrypted a message from the Japanese 11th Air Fleet to the effect that destroyers and six transports would reach Lae about 5 March.
_	Thatcher replied to Cuckney to the effect that the British Government would continue to support Westland in gaining orders in Europe.
_	The researchers again asked people about the strength of their beliefs about the deterrence effect of the death penalty, and, this time, also asked them about the effect that the research had had on their attitudes.
_	On March 31, 2015, Machen issued a seven-page letter to Speaker John Boehner of the U.S. House of Representatives to the effect that Machen had concluded that Lerner did not waive her privilege against compelled self-incrimination.
_	To prove that there was no patent creating Thomas Fleming, or any other person of the name of Fleming, or of any other name, Baron of Slane, or Lord of Slane, there was laid before me an affidavit of Sir William Betham, Ulster King of Arms of all Ireland, to the effect that he had made strict search in the office of Record in the Tower of London, and in the Rolls Chapel, and in the offices of Record in Birmingham Tower, and the Rolls Office of the Chancery of Ireland, and the Records of the late Parliament of Ireland, in Dublin, where patents of peerage are recorded, and that he could find no such patent in any one of the said offices of Record, and that he verily believes that no such patent does now, or ever did exist"."
_	He waived the anonymity he was given immediately after the incident and released a statement in a newspaper on 5 February to the effect that he had been unconscious and had no memory of the crash.
_	Unions finally called a series of strikes in 1994 and 1995 after the transfer of service 72 (Halewood - Liverpool City Centre) from Merseybus's Garston depot in South Liverpool to MerseyRider, with the effect that with the exception of MTL Fareway and ironically MerseyRider the entire MTL operation was off the road.
_	Where buildings stand on top of probable or known archaeology the effect that their foundations and floors have on ground water levels may also be important in the degree of preservation that can be expected.
_	Wilkerson made comments in November 2005 to the effect that the Vice President had decided that the Third Geneva Convention (regarding treatment of POWs) would not apply to "al-Qaeda and al-Qaeda look-alike detainees" and that the February 2002 White House memorandum regarding the "Humane Treatment of Taliban and al Qaeda Detainees" contained a loophole designed to avoid applying the Geneva convention to the detainees.
_	In May 2009, in defence of a former Somerset County Council colleague accused by its chief executive of bullying, Clarke offered to give evidence to the Adjudication Panel for England to the effect that there was a 'culture of bullying' within the county council.
_	However, what is usually seen as the first genuine demonstration of the effect that became known as the Simon effect is by Simon & Rudell (1967).
_	Despite widespread opposition against that deal, the known existence of at least four other serious and much less controversial contenders to buy the Radiomédia stations, and numerous allegations to the effect that Corus Entertainment's offer was actually part of a larger plan to prevent any meaningful competition to its new FM talk format (as Corus seemed to try to weaken and steal listeners from CKAC and not from the increasingly popular CBF-FM, and its sales representatives claimed to clients that they would be better advised to buy advertising at CHMP-FM and not CKAC as they pretended the latter was going to close shortly no matter what would happen), the deal was approved in January 2005 by the CRTC in the midst of strong rumours that Astral Media would close CKAC if the deal was not approved.
_	He is slowly transformed by the effect that both Midge and Kitty have on him.
_	After Snapchat released their new update in February 2018, Nic Rumsey from Australia created a petition to remove this update after a huge number of people provided feedback to the effect that they were not enjoying the update.
_	In particular it explores the way that he is subjected to a huge amount of security as a result of his position (he is held in a house overridden by police surveillance and lives in fear of terrorist violence from the left-wing underground) and the effect that this has on him and his family - his wife, Kathe, his daughter Sabine, and his sons Herbert and Rolf.
_	Immediately, rumors circulated to the effect that he had been murdered, perhaps with Soviet approval.
_	"There is little research evidence available about the effect that [alcohol in breast milk] has on the baby, although practitioners report that, even at relatively low levels of drinking, it may reduce the amount of milk available and cause irritability, poor feeding and sleep disturbance in the infant.
_	Recently (2000s), interest in the topic has been revived by Jerusalem anthropologist Shalva Weil, who was quoted in the popular press to the effect that "Taliban may be descended from Jews".
_	In 1571, the XXIXth Article, despite the opposition of Guest, was inserted, to the effect that the wicked do not eat the Body of Christ.
_	However Charles A. Beard in the 1920s made a highly influential argument to the effect that these differences caused the war (rather than slavery or constitutional debates).
_	More specifically, it points out that paragraph 4 of the L.G.G. must be interpreted in accordance with the Grundgesetz with the effect that, even if priority for promotion is to be given in principle to women, exceptions must be made in appropriate cases.
_	The diamond has been surrounded by a mythology of a reputed "curse" to the effect that it brings misfortune and tragedy to persons who own it or wear it, but there are strong indications that such stories were fabricated to enhance the stone's mystery and appeal, since increased publicity usually raised the gem's value and newsworthiness.
_	the subject of the decree of the Council of Ephesus of 431 to the effect that, in opposition to those who denied Mary the title "Theotokos" ("the one who gives birth to God") but called her "Christotokos" ("the one who gives birth to Christ"), Mary "is" "Theotokos" because her son Jesus is one person who is both God and man, divine and human.
_	This was considered a breach of privilge by the commons, being in contravention of the resolution which it had recently passed, to the effect that ‘whosoever shall appear at the bar of the House of Lords, to prosecute any suit against any member of this house, shall be deemed a breaker and infringer of the rights and privileges of this house.’
_	Radical Pietism is Pietism interpreted to the effect that its followers decided to break with denominational Lutheranism, forming separate churches.
_	The Chinese, on the other hand, though poor, sent a courteous message to the effect that they did not require payment in money, but would be perfectly happy if I would give them, as a memento, copies of their photographs."
_	Laws requiring the fitting of seat belts to cars have in some cases been followed by laws mandating their use, with the effect that thousands of deaths on the road have been prevented.
_	The St. Louis "Reveille" reported: "A rumor is in circulation in New York, to the effect that Mr. Edgar A. Poe, the poet and author, has been deranged, and his friends are about to place him under the charge of Dr. Brigham of the Insane Retreat at Utica."
_	There is another legend to the effect that they are the musicians of Ravan, the demon-king of South India, who in reward for good services settled them in the Konkan.
_	Furthermore, it was held that Chapter Three of the Constitution had the effect that a court must have the following features:
_	Van Heerden JA, delivering the unanimous judgment of the Appellate Division in "Goosen", took the view that statements by Rumpff JA in "S v Masilela", and of Jansen JA in "S v Daniels"—to the effect that the accused’s mistake as regards the actual way in which death occurs cannot avail him—must be confined to the factual situations in those cases: in particular to instances when there was "dolus directus" in regard to the causing of death.
_	However, in 1428, when Gloucester demanded an extension of his authority, Stafford was one of the councillors who personally signed an "outspoken statement" to the effect that Gloucester's position had been formulated six years earlier, and that in any case the King would attain his majority in the not-too-distant future.
_	The eloquent and energetic evangelist managed to interest a large number of poor men from the heath in mission service, not unlike the effect that David Livingstone had on the poor of Scotland.
_	Statements to the effect that "it's amazing they were able to discover it" only make sense when one ignores the arduous process to construct the discovery out of the inscriptions available.
_	The questioning location should be chosen and set up to correspond to the effect that the HUMINT collector wants to project and his planned approach techniques.
_	It seemed unlikely that the original partnership between Fust and Gutenberg would end up having the effect that it ultimately did on the printing press.
_	The essence of the scheme was that the Attorney-General could make a declaration, to the effect that the members of an organisation were involved in serious criminal activity and that there was a risk to public safety and order.
_	Rather than pursue a "univariate" research approach to psychology, studying the effect that a single variable (such as "dominance") might have on another variable (such as "decision-making"), Cattell pioneered the use of multivariate experimental psychology (the analysis of several variables simultaneously).
_	For example, he secretly replaces the CO cartridges in the emergency life vests with printed notes to the effect that what is good for M&M is good for the country.
_	There is a lot of complaining to be heard from theatrical people, to the effect that revenue is falling off and that the radio and the phonographs keep the public at home.
_	In the above-mentioned book and article, Recami discusses critically the various rival explanations concerning Majorana's disappearance, including those advanced by Sciascia in his short book, and presents highly suggestive evidence to the effect that Majorana travelled to Argentina, where he may have earned his living as an engineer.
_	Upon graduation, the class ring gains the status of a "badge of honor" similar to a diploma, with the effect that graduation entitles the wearer to display the insignia facing outward so that it faces other viewers.
_	They might both fetch and operate on that, then both store their results with the effect that one overwrites the other and the stored value becomes either or , not as might be expected.
_	The UK government received only an undertaking from the Commonwealth Attorney of Bedford County to the effect that:-
_	Tyrone’s younger sister Tawanda Jones recalls feeling a sharp pain on the right side of her neck at precisely 7:00 p.m. similar to the effect that twins claim to experience.
_	There is a probably apocryphal story to the effect that one of the sportswriters covering the game began his filing with the lede "HERSHEY, Pa. -- Wilt Chamberlain and Al Attles combined for 117 points last night as the Philadelphia Warriors defeated the New York Knicks 169-147."
_	Each license "contained a provision to the effect that the licensee agrees, while the agreement is in force, that it will not manufacture any other form of non-tangling spring washers except those covered by the patent in suit."
_	Although Antonine's Wall was, in principle, much shorter and at first sight more defensible than Hadrian's Wall, the additional area that it enclosed within the Empire was barren, with the effect that supply lines to it were strained enough that the costs from maintaining the additional territory outweighed the benefits of doing so.
_	The Battle of Langemarck was fought from the Fifth Army headquarters was influenced by the effect that delay would have on Operation Hush, which needed the high tides due at the end of August or it would have to be postponed for a month.
_	A wholly unfounded rumour was widely credited for some time subsequently, to the effect that he had escaped strangulation by inserting a silver tube in his throat, and was living comfortably abroad.
_	This also had the effect that human remains of several specimens appear scattered and intermingled with other materials during the investigation.
_	The receiving countries were concerned about the effect that long-term residence of migrant workers could have on their societies; they preferred Korean workers because they were unaccompanied by family members and so stayed only for short periods.
_	Chen's family also asked for Chen's official obituary to contain a reference to the effect that Chen had died because of his work, but the university disagreed.
_	Unfortunately for them, rumours soon spread around Constantinople, to the effect that, following Romanos's deposition, Constantine VII's life was in danger.
_	Some researchers, such as Will Herberg, have advanced a thesis of perpetual religious pluralism, to the effect that immigrants would typically retain their religious affiliation even after complete cultural assimilation in other aspects of culture.
_	They glow in the dark while the actors are in black, giving the effect that the puppets are floating.
_	In this case, when the switch is open, the voltage across a pull-up resistor with sufficiently low impedance vanishes to the effect that it looks like a wire to VCC.
_	Robert Louis Coble (January 22, 1928 – August 27, 1992) was an American ceramic scientist, notable for his discovery of Coble creep, the effect that carries his name, and for his invention of Lucalox.
_	These artists sometimes produce the effect that the threat to our power to resolve what is seen heightens our awareness of the process of seeing...
_	A CB receptor knock-out mouse study examined the effect that these receptors play on exploratory behavior in novel situations.
_	After a protracted lawsuit a decision was rendered to the effect that the synagogue be destroyed and that no other be built.
_	A popular claim to the effect that Khayyam believed in heliocentrism is based on Edward FitzGerald's popular but anachronistic rendering of Khayyam's poetry, in which the first lines are mistranslated with a heliocentric image of the Sun flinging "the Stone that puts the Stars to Flight".
_	The algorithm reads eleven numbers from an input device, stores them in an array, and then processes them in reverse order, applying a user-defined function to each value and reporting either the value of the function or a message to the effect that the value has exceeded some threshold.
_	By August 1, 2014, all registered dealers must be members in OBSI, with the effect that OBSI's membership will more than double, to over 1600 participating firms.
_	Their ground of protest was to the effect that the Address contained 'Treason or Misprison of Treason against the Union with England'.
_	Best's work on "The Principles of the Law of Evidence" there is, not only an expression of opinion that the privilege should be accorded, but one to the effect that there is ground for holding that the right to the privilege is existent.
_	In 1978, attorneys Robert Welborn and Murdaugh Stuart Madden conducted a workshop at the HSUS annual conference, "Can Animal Rights Be Legally Defined?", and assembled constituents passed a resolution to the effect that "animals have the right to live and grow under conditions that are comfortable and reasonably natural... animals that are used by man in any way have the right to be free from abuse, pain, and torment caused or permitted by man... animals that are domesticated or whose natural environment is altered by man have the right to receive from man adequate food, shelter, and care."
_	The Anglo-Indian paper of Lahore, which represents the official view, itself wrote to the effect that the people came forward one after another to face the firing and when they fell wounded they were dragged back and others came forward to be shot at.
_	Hudson cut costs in a similar way on the North Midland Railway and an accident at Romford on 18 July 1846 led the satirical magazine "Punch" to petition Hudson to the effect that:
_	In a 2004 interview Bunting expressed skepticism about the effect that TWoP had on the creation of TV shows.
_	In a statement made in 2008 in Lima, before a gathering of Peruvian businessmen, however, Brazil's President Lula would declare, approvingly, that the FSP had "educated" the Left in the understanding of the existence of possibilities of running for elections and gaining power through the democratic way - - a declaration that prompted a comment from AFP, reproduced at the Rede Globo site, to the effect that the hallmark of FSP's activities had been its "very moderate" character.
_	As he explained to the "Law Gazette" in 2005, he had issued but not actually served the writ, but the statement had the effect that other newspapers did not follow up on the story in detail.
_	Gurudas, one of the event's organizers, describes the effect that Prabhupada's arrival had on the audience, "Then Swami Bhaktivedanta entered.
_	Upon reaching the age of 60, a justice may change status to extraordinary, with the effect that the justice no longer plays a full role at the Court.
_	As attorney-general he also had charge of the litigation which involved the constitutionality of the electrocution law and succeeded in obtaining a decision from the U. S. Supreme Court to the effect that the law was constitutional and valid.
_	However, the effect that the chronic exposure to environmental pharmaceuticals chemicals adds to the effects of other chemicals in the cocktail is still not studied.
_	East German passports contained a note to the effect that:
_	In addition to the effect that the dams on the Nile have had on the delta, there has been a tremendous human effect internally with the rise of fisheries, the increased salt production, the building of roads, the heightened agricultural production, and the natural increase in human population in the region.
_	Rather than expose and dismiss the lad, Scott fed him false information, to the effect that the colt would not run at Epsom.
_	The settlement features a petrol station, a shop, and a small hotel, although none of these businesses is operational, to the effect that the place has been described as a "ghost village".
_	The declaration was to the effect that Muslims should unite throughout Africa, the curricula at "various educational establishments" should conform to Muslim ideas, the education of women should be attended to, the teaching of Arabic should be encouraged, and Muslims should support economic relations with Islamic areas worldwide.
_	The third note, of 21 July, issued an ultimatum, to the effect that the US would regard any subsequent sinkings as "deliberately unfriendly".
_	The court held that the provisions of s144(3)(a)(i) of the CPA are explicitly to the effect that the State is not bound by the contents of the summary of substantial facts.
_	Besides his academic pursuits (including teaching numerous undergraduates) he engaged in student politics, being elected a member of the Junior Combination Room committee and College NUS secretary, in which capacity he represented the College at several national conferences, including one in 1968 at which he proposed a widely supported motion to the effect that the English A-Level system was unduly narrow and should be broadened.
_	The significance of the "Shin Kokinshū" lies prominently in the technical expertise of the compilers, their novel and extensive use of the honkadori literary technique, and the effect that each of these elements had on Japanese poetry after its publication.
_	In January 1484, Rochefort made a statement to the Estates-General, to the effect that King Richard III of England had murdered his nephew, King Edward V of England, and taken the crown for himself.
_	In September 2008, he posted information to his blog to the effect that Tatar president Shaimiev had died; this information proved to be false.
_	Bhattacharya quotes the grammarian Hemacandra, to the effect that the word cārvāka is derived from the root carv, ‘to chew’ (which he misspells as carva): “A Cārvāka chews the self (carvatyātmānaṃ cārvākaḥ).
_	Kao and Yasumoto concluded in the first of their papers in 1986 that "the widely circulated claim in the lay press to the effect that tetrodotoxin is the causal agent in the initial zombification process is without factual foundation.
_	In a 2 detector configuration, the short-spaced detector has a much shallower depth of investigation than the long-spaced detector so it is used to measure the effect that the drilling fluid has on the gamma ray detection.
_	"Clear Body, Clear Mind" includes a disclaimer to the effect that the Purification Rundown is not a medical treatment and that it should not be read as making medical claims.
_	The three accounts of the killing concur and were to the effect that Lumbia's wives were in the pool gathering edible bulbs when Hay rode up and attacked Lumbia with a whip for suspected cattle-killing.
_	Whilst in Welikada Prison Rajapaksa was asked by guards to sign a statement to the effect that he had been emotionally disturbed when he made the statement to the High Court about the mass graves and that it had been untrue.
_	Horton probably underestimates the effect that Aboriginal people have had on Australian environment.
_	For the third, and last, stage of the race, Breschel would once more sprint against McEwen, with the winner taking the overall victory of the race, this time with the effect that both riders crashed.
_	The operation had some initial success but the effect that the Americans wanted to achieve did not happen.
_	Others who also saw the exchange, including Walt Rostrow, suggested that McNamara's telling of the story is "a lot of nonsense" and recalls it only coming up when Kosygin proposed a toast to the effect that "only defense is good".
_	A similar view is attributed to Gottfried Keller, who is cited to the effect that the Swiss Confederacy could not exist without the endemic rivalry between cantons.
_	The novel centred on three different women living through World War I and the effect that it had on them back at home.
_	Some Eastern Orthodox churches have issued statements to the effect that Anglican orders could be accepted, yet have still reordained former Anglican clergy; other Eastern Orthodox churches have rejected Anglican orders altogether.
_	The measurement was standardized when Wil Wheaton achieved half a million Twitter followers, with the effect that Wil Wheaton now has roughly 6.44 Wheatons himself, .
_	Other critics raised environmental concerns about the effect that the bacteria, which are unaffected by a varying of environmental conditions, could have on the environment once they no longer have oil to break down.
_	The team created movable pieces, which allowed them to rearrange the set, and give the effect that it was larger than it really was.
_	However, the Supreme Court ruled to the effect that citizens cannot be obliged to exchange their passports.
_	He invited Indian poet Bashir Badr to recite poetry at Karachi University one time; Badr was delayed, and the students began to become restless; he responded to their complaints about their pre-lunch hunger with the comment to the effect that he would not have arranged for such an eminent poet to come if he had known that "the students of the Urdu Department had their brains in the stomach and not the head."
_	Theologian Bert B. Beach wrote in 1974 that "during the Vatican Council there was criticism from WCC Circles" to the effect that "ecumenism was being contaminated by “pan-Deist” and syncretistic tendencies."
_	Other reasons include that she finds the novella's narrative not compelling since "memorial commentary dispels the invented world" by interrupting it with a couple of prolepses, to the effect that "the temporal now of fiction is dislodged."
_	However, in a 2011 obituary for editor Ruth Cavin, a recollection by Thomas McCormack (formerly Kahn's colleague at Harper, and later the CEO at St. Martin's Press, where Kahn would finish her career), is cited to the effect that, in 1980, Kahn, then 65, had simply been "retired" by her longtime employers.
_	In 1983 concerns over the effect that equality of access might have on fishing stocks led to the introduction of certain controls, notably the concept of "total allowable catches" which set maximum quotas of fish which could be caught by each member state, and the British Fishing Boats Act 1983 (BFBA).
_	As gambling generally involves three elements: prize, consideration, and chance, the defense introduced a great deal of testimony to the effect that poker is a game of skill.
_	He was kindly received by Cardinal Ercole Consalvi, the secretary of state, but was told that, before the pope would enter into any negotiations with him, he would have to resign as administrator and, like François Fénelon, make a declaration to the effect that he disapproved all that the pope disapproves.
_	He was given very bad advice to the effect that having all his teeth extracted would restore his sight.
_	George placed an announcement in "The London Gazette" to the effect that the "Duchess of Ahlden" had died, but would not allow the wearing of mourning in London or Hanover.
_	It killed off the antisemitic canard, widespread in Europe, to the effect that Jews are cowardly, preferring to run from war rather than serve alongside their fellow citizens in battle.
_	Staal sees this as "remarkably naïve" and invokes William Dwight Whitney's legacy, making a claim to the effect that actual comparison of Indian grammatical methods and Western methods is unwarranted in fact ‒ for, after all, Pāṇini's primary status as a linguist, and not as a philologist, demands that he be treated as such, in Staal's view.
_	Welles quotes Robert-Houdin to the effect that a magician is just an actor.
_	Parallel to Tolkien's professional work as a philologist, and sometimes overshadowing this work, to the effect that his academic output remained rather thin, was his affection for constructing languages.
_	To make polygenism compatible with the Biblical account in the early chapters of the "Book of Genesis", some argument is needed to the effect that what is in the Bible is incomplete.
_	Towards the end of their first decade on the air, The WB and UPN were in decline, unable to reach the audience share or have the effect that Fox had gained within its first decade, much less that of the Big Three networks (ABC, CBS and NBC).
_	NAM was more willing the following year, in the face of written statements submitted in the WHO proceedings from a number of nuclear-weapon states indicating strong views to the effect that the WHO lacked competence in the matter.
_	Each interpreter needs to assume the ethical responsibility for the effect that her/his choice of an interpretation has for people in her/his narrow or broader context.
_	"They had heard news of Bonosus to the effect that he had arrived at the city of Bikuran.
_	Beasley is concerned with Ida's “pets” and the effect that may be laid upon her ten-year-old granddaughter Betty, who likes to disguise herself as a ladybug.
_	Kolchak and Denikin made general promises to the effect that there would be no return to the past and that there would be some form of popular representation put in place.
_	It is the antithesis of affective criticism, which is the practice of evaluating the effect that a literary work has on its reader or audience.
_	After quoting from those cases to the effect that the text was not required and that letting judges apply it would make effective investigations almost impossible, he concluded that "[e]ven assuming there were ways that OPD could have performed the search that would have been less intrusive, it does not follow that the search as conducted was unreasonable."
_	W. Edwards Deming listed "purchasing on price alone" as number 4 of his famous 14 points, and he often said things to the effect that "He who purchases on price alone deserves to get rooked."
_	After Robinson's death (1625), Walaeus wrote, in a letter published in translation by Henry Martyn Dexter, to the effect that Robinson had looked to bridge divisions between local congregations, and wished one of his sons to train for the Dutch Reformed ministry.
_	The audience has already been cued in that he may be wrong about that: when she first heard about him, and it is mentioned to her that he is a "Negro", she conjectures on how light or dark he may be, with words to the effect that "some Negroes are no darker than my mother — although with no sign of her ever having questioned her late mother's racial identity, or her own.
_	Innes refused to work with Sivewright, with the effect that Rhodes had to dissolve his government.
_	Pierre Boulez initially dismissed "Zeitmaße" with a characteristically cutting remark to the effect that Stockhausen would do better to stay in the electronic studio, but soon changed his mind and asked to programme it in Paris on his Domaine Musical concert series.
_	Whilst PIE was affiliated with it, the National Council for Civil Liberties (now Liberty) argued that photographs of undressed children should not be considered "indecent" - and therefore illegal - unless it could be proven that the subject had suffered harm or that an inference to that effect or to the effect that harm might have been caused could reasonably be drawn from the images themselves, with Harriet Harman (later deputy leader of the Labour Party) arguing that it would “increase censorship”.
_	While citing the opinion expressed by Varahmihira to the effect that only natural benefics should occupy these houses he clarifies that one natural benefic planet in any one of the stated bhavas from the Moon will make one a leader, two planets will make one a minister and three planets will make one hold an eminent position in life but if these benefics be devoid of strength then the prescribed influence of this yoga will not be there.
_	It was already so impressive in the 12th century that a legend developed to the effect that its founder had faery aid, in the guise of the water spirit Melusine, who built it and its church through her arts, as a gift for her husband Raymondin.
_	The film explores the effect that celebrity has on Gwen and her family and friends.
_	Apart from an unconfirmed report from an agent in France on 19/7/42 to the effect that the GAF were using two British machines captured at DUNKIRK for passing their own traffic between BERLIN and GOLDAP, our evidence during the war was based on reports that OKH was exploiting Typex material left behind in TOBRUK in 1942.</poem>
_	During the preceding libel trial, his wife Lolicia, who later left him, was called as a witness to sign a supportive affidavit to the effect that she had paid his Paris hotel bill, but did not appear.
_	Following the incident, WCRC was served with a Suspension Notice, which had the effect that WCRC was banned from operating steam locomotives on that route.
_	In addition, the manuscripts of his "Institutes" contain a subscription to the effect that the work was copied (526, 527) by Flavius Theodorus, a clerk in the imperial secretariat.
_	His major speech was delivered against the Union Bill on 7 June 1800; supporting a motion to postpone the third reading of the Bill, he commented on the current state of Europe, in the light of the "Book of Daniel", to the effect that the Union would never be operative.
_	Shortly before his arrest, he wrote a note to the effect that he had not been involved in any conspiracy, and any confession he might make would be the result of duress.
_	Boedo also investigated the effect that injected impurities on tokamak plasmas had on producing enhanced energy confinement, the so-called I-mode, and was the first to show that the enhancement in performance was due to reduction in transport and turbulence due to ITG mode suppression [Nuc. Fus. 2000].
_	As a compromise, a rider was added to the verdict, to the effect that Markham had no justification for his belief that "Victoria" would circle around him, and thus he should have taken action much sooner to avoid collision.
_	Based on singlet triplet state transitions it is crucial for SPDMphymod that this process is ongoing and leading to the effect that a single molecule comes first into a very long-living reversible dark state (with half-life of several seconds even) from which it returns to a fluorescent state emitting many photons for several milliseconds before it returns into a very long-living so-called irreversible dark state.
_	Defined as the effect that the words, actions, or mere presence of other people (real or imagined) have on our thoughts, feelings, attitudes, or behavior; social influence is the driving force behind compliance.
_	Meier a message to the effect that the world would be a better place without her.
_	Section 31 of Chief Executive Election Ordinance (Chapter 569) stipulates that a CE election winner must "publicly make a statutory declaration to the effect that he is not a member of any political party".
_	Whoever I asked would reply to the effect that they knew no such saints, and that all of us were sinful, but they had met some decent men... and I just started writing about them," he wrote in the preface to one such story ("Singlethought", Odnodum, 1879).
_	The show's creator Nat Hiken's biography details the casting for the role and the effect that Gosfield had on him, the producer and Phil Silvers when he appeared in front of them:
_	Oxfam accordingly issued a statement to the effect that “Leviev...is not an Oxfam supporter or partner and may not claim to be one...we are not and never will be partners or beneficiaries of Leviev.
_	During the 2004–2007 term, a new constitution for C&R was proposed, with the effect that many in Auckland NOW joined C&R, and the organisations were effectively merged to contest the 2007 election.
_	The following week, on 3 January 2012, O'Connor issued a further string of Internet announcements to the effect that the couple had re-united.
_	There is no background music in the film, carefully places sound effects themselves give the effect that music gives.
_	On December 28, 2017, amidst many complaints about older iPhone models slowing down when new ones are released, Apple released a communication to its customers on its website, acknowledging the effect that old batteries have on the iPhone's performance.
_	Prior to the Indian independence, Jawaharlal Nehru, as the Vice President of the Executive Council, pushed through a resolution in the Indian Constituent Assembly to the effect that Sikkim and Bhutan, as Himalayan states, were not 'Indian states' and their future should be negotiated separately.
_	Although there is agreement that the ridge is being subducted, there is little agreement on the effect that this has had on either the subducting or over-riding plates.
_	Williamson spiced his books with additional Ouija-revelations to the effect that some South, Central and North American ancient civilizations actually began as colonies of human-appearing extraterrestrials.
_	In their hybrid of tap dance, ballet, and acrobatics—sometimes called "acrobatic dancing" or "flash dancing"—no individual or group surpassed the effect that the Nicholas Brothers had on audiences and on other dancers.
_	"All talk to the effect that historical conditions have not yet “ripened” for socialism is the product of ignorance or conscious deception.
_	Sir Jadunath Sarkar contends that several Muslim invaders were waging a systematic Jihad against Hindus in India to the effect that "Every device short of massacre in cold blood was resorted to in order to convert heathen subjects."
_	McKay's wisecracking remark to a Kansas City Star reporter to the effect that a loss to the Chiefs would result in another Sam Rutigliano (the Cleveland Browns coach who had been fired the previous week) led to speculation of his imminent firing, which McKay shot down at the postgame press conference.
_	The Chinese, on the other hand, though poor, sent a courteous message to the effect that they did not require payment in money, but would be perfectly happy if I would give them, as a memento, copies of their photographs."
_	December 2014 articles in the British press cited Ji and other defectors to the effect that North Korea was "systematically purging its disabled population by making them disappear from public sight, subjecting them to chemical weapons tests and castrating them".
_	The canonical scriptures are to be read in order, a chapter of each testament at a time, after which there was a long prescribed prayer and then the minister was to preach to the effect that 'his own and his hearers' hearts [are] to be rightly affected with their sins'.
_	Deliberative Planning focuses on actors, and the effect that they have on the course of a project.
_	Before seeking professional help, an individual can influence the effect that emotional reasoning has on them based on his or her coping method.
_	And that conclusion rests on many judgments of this court, to the effect that the act prohibits any combination whatever to secure action which essentially obstructs the free flow of commerce between the States, or restricts, in that regard, the liberty of a trader to engage in business.
_	Ravidas, in contrast, argues from the latter premise to the effect that both are one.
_	Singaporean laws against drug trafficking are to the effect that if a person is found with more than 2 grams of diamorphine, then the court will presume that he is trafficking, unless it is proved that the drug is not for that purpose.
_	He used the same technique that Japanese archers used, but the effect that the technique had to allow soldiers to reload at the same time others could fire was devastating to their enemies.
_	"From the beginning, there has existed alongside the term rule a rule of equity to the effect that, under certain circumstances, one of which is after-discovered fraud, relief will be granted against judgments regardless of the term of their entry" and "where the situation has required, the court has, in some manner, devitalized the judgment even though the term at which it was entered had long since passed away."
_	Strachan invented the "militia myth" to the effect that the local militia had done more to defend Canada than the British Army.
_	Theodorus to the effect that the aforesaid sum has been paid in full.
_	Without the pins, the gyro rotated out of position with the effect that the booster lost control almost as soon as the pitch and roll sequence started.
_	Theories to the effect that ageing results by default (mutation accumulation) or is an adverse side effect of some other function are logically much more limited and suffer when compared to empirical evidence of complex mechanisms.
_	In 1828 a story appeared in the "Paisley Magazine', edited by William Motherwill, to the effect that the 'Stirling Lines' had been written by William Nicol and that Burns took the blame upon himself to protect his friend.
_	A few days after Jackson's death, there were news reports to the effect that AEG Live, the promoter for Jackson's "This Is It" concerts, was preparing a tribute concert for September 2009.
_	The importance of Hodge cycles lies primarily in the Hodge conjecture, to the effect that Hodge cycles should always be algebraic cycles, for "V" a complete algebraic variety.
_	The discovery in 1976 of substantial remains near Vergina, just east of the Haliacmon, shifted the scholarly consensus to the effect that Aegae is to be identified with this site.
_	On 12 January, Martin received intelligence from Alamo Force to the effect that the Japanese were concentrating around Sio, and would attempt to force their way through to Madang.
_	There is another legend to the effect that they were collected by Viswakarma, at the command of Shiva, to erect in one night a second Kasi.
_	At Cleveland, the relationship of the SVM to the Protestant foreign missions boards was clarified to the effect that the Movement was in no way a sending agency but rather viewed itself as a recruiting agency for the boards.
_	They agreed on a Cold War consensus to the effect that all Americans were ideologically united, with the result that potentially divisive civil rights issues were not emphasized.
_	Finally, P. M. (Pat) Estes, then of St. Louis, made a motion to the effect that the challenge be accepted and that E. H. Jones be authorized and directed to organize and captain a team for the occasion.
_	She suggests that any human creation of significance involves the Idea, the Energy (roughly: the process of writing and that actual 'incarnation' as a material object), and the Power (roughly: the process of reading and hearing and the effect that it has on the audience).
_	This creates the effect that the object is reflective.
_	Rumours circulated to the effect that Angerstein was inspired by the Sixth and Seventh Books of Moses, which state that by killing nine people a seal may be activated that provides great riches.
_	Both were aware of the effect that propaganda could have on the war effort, especially on the home front where it would boost morale.
_	And Gil would say, 'No, I won't do that, I've lit it the way I think it should be—tell me what's the effect that you want, and I'll make a judgment about what to do with my lights.
_	A calcium transporter study indicates the effect that protein channels have on the overall fidelity and firing capacity of the non-spiking neurons.
_	On 1 March 1879, a formal agreement was put in place to the effect that Murray was to edit a new English Dictionary.
_	US Consul-General George Horton, whose account has been criticised by scholars as anti-Turkish, claimed, "One of the cleverest statements circulated by the Turkish propagandists is to the effect that the massacred Christians were as bad as their executioners, that it was '50–50.' "
_	The Foreign Compensation Commission had misinterpreted certain subsidiary legislation, with the effect that almost all claims for foreign compensation would be defeated.
_	Many Kabbalistic sources, notably the Tanya, contain statements to the effect that the Jewish soul is qualitatively different from the non-Jewish soul.
_	Summarising the effect that Pramukh Swami had on him, Kalam stated that "[Pramukh Swami] has indeed transformed me.
_	However, he was more concerned about the effect that the sight of his mutilated face would have on his wife.
_	According to sources, Lucas responded to the effect that he had something "even better", or that he'd "got that beat."
_	Israel’s political ‘anchor’ in its efforts to prevent any disruption of freedom of shipping through the Straits was a statement by then Foreign Minister Golda Meir at the UN Assembly on 1 March 1957, while announcing her government’s decision to respond to the demand for withdrawal from Sinai and the Gaza Strip, to the effect that Israel would view disruption of free shipping through the Tiran Straits as an act of aggression and would reserve the right to react in accordance with Clause 51 of the UN Charter.
_	Upon landing the coveted role of Danny Partridge, young Bonaduce must contend with the jealousy of his abusive father Joseph (William Russ); all the while, Danny is a sidelines observer of the effect that overnight stardom has on his co-worker David Cassidy (Rodney Scott), who despises all the idolatry and yearns for a normal life.
_	This transition also consumes some of the vibrational energy in the sounded string, with the effect that the second note is generally much quieter than the original.
_	The theorem works to the effect that, supposing that "x" has "n"
_	The league released a statement on August 4 to the effect that while the league was not folding, it was suspending league operations indefinitely.
_	The public Public Prosecutor issued a statement to the effect that pursuing the matter further would not be in the public interest.
_	A typical scenario had Lisa answering the telephone and taking down a message to the effect that people wanted Oliver to be a judge of the "Apple Court".
_	During the "Romanian war scare" of March 1939, when the Romanian government, as part of an effort to enlist British support against German demands for the control of the Romanian oil industry, had the Romanian Minister in London Virgil Tilea make a series of highly misleading statements to the British government to the effect that they were under the verge of an immediate German invasion, Bonnet happened to be in London as part of the company accompanying the state visit of President Albert Lebrun.
_	In July 1940 Colonel S. F. Newcombe managed to work out an agreement with Nuri al-Sa'id, who was then Foreign Minister, and the Palestinians Jamal al-Husayni and Musa al-'Alami to the effect that Palestinian Arabs would back Britain and assent to the White Paper of 1939 in exchange for an immediate implementation of the clause regarding the country’s independence.
_	However, the Supreme Court ruled to the effect that citizens cannot be obliged to exchange their passports.
_	Sayings to the effect that Shitou and Mazu were the two great masters of their day date from decades after their respective deaths.
_	This has the effect that the polarization transfer mediated by the dipolar interaction is cut off in the presence of a third nucleus (all of the same kind, e.g. C) close to one of these nuclei.
_	However, the effect that is more relevant to common consideration of human extinction is the bias that occurs with estimates from experience, and these are in the opposite direction:
_	Kenealy was intrigued by the effect that the earth's rotation might have on evolution.
_	In patients with medical rather than surgical illness, LMWH too is known to prevent thrombosis, and in the United Kingdom the Chief Medical Officer has issued guidance to the effect that preventative measures should be used in medical patients, in anticipation of formal guidelines.
_	As a result of the committee’s recommendations the pension increased to 10 shillings a week and various conditions of qualifications were relaxed in favour of applicants, including the raising of income limits, with the effect that around 220,000 additional pensioners came onto the books.
_	When asked to comment, John McGraw, manager of the New York Giants of the rival National League, said something to the effect that "Shibe had bought himself a white elephant."
_	He also gives another version of the story, to the effect that Macarius himself changed his mind, fearing that, if Maximus was out of the way, an unorthodox bishop would be appointed to succeed him (Macarius).
_	A comment was made by the Viennese conductor Johann von Herbeck to the effect that Czechs were incapable of making music of their own, a remark which Smetana took to heart: "I swore there and then that no other than I should beget a native Czech music."
_	Hadjim Pasha became a good friend of Karen Jeppe, helping her with practical things and maintaining the security of the new Armenian settlers through his status and the effect that he had in the region.
_	"The Diplomat" pointed to use of the comparison to 9–11 as referring not so much to the scale of the attack but the effect that this would have on the nation's psyche, saying "there are hints that it may have a similar effect on the way China conceptualizes and deals with terrorism".
_	Tests like the Mozart effect, the effect that learning and listening to classical music have on the brain, gives students the ability to learn, reduce stress, and positively change sleeping patterns more easily.
_	And it had the effect that, while Norway passed to Swedish rule in 1814 and became independent in 1905, these territories were retained by Denmark (up to the present, in the case of Greenland and the Faroe Islands).
_	The Irish Daily Mail dedicated a full centre page spread during this time discussing the effect that the recession had had on the club and the area.
_	For main-group elements, in 1904 Richard Abegg considered "positive" and "negative" valences (maximal and minimal oxidation states), and proposed Abegg's rule to the effect that their difference is often 8.
_	With regard to the treatment of Jewish descendants of mixed marriages of the first degree, I agree with the conception of the Reich Minister of the Interior which he expressed in his letter of 16 February 1942, to the effect that the prevention of propagation of these descendants of mixed marriages is to be preferred to their being thrown in with the Jews and evacuated.
_	Both factors together - the introduction of the Reformation into certain areas and the introduction of the "carolina" - had the effect that no more atonement crosses were put up from that point onwards.
_	He contended that he had been under the influence of alcohol at the time of the offence; the State witness testified to the effect that he was “not quite all there.”
_	Its creation was the result of protests by General Goethals, to the effect that, though coordination in the handling of Army logistics problems had been a major objective when the General Staff was created in 1903, coordination was practically non-existent.
_	He used the Latin word "gravitas" (weight) for the effect that would become known as gravity, and defined the law of universal gravitation.
_	A report had been submitted in Natal earlier to the effect that superheating was of little or no advantage on that System, where the many short and steep gradients prevented a high degree of superheat from being attained with the automatic dampers in use at the time.
_	The telegram, which is in Latin, is dated Tali, the 24th April, and is to the effect that the lamas of Batang have killed PP.
_	Shortly afterwards, BR adopted the 25 kV AC system for electrification, with the effect that the Woodhead Line "passed very quickly from ultra-modern to obsolescent."
_	When Rieber decided to leave "The Books of Magic", he initially asked that the character of Molly be discontinued; he planned to write a story focused more on Molly, detailing how she lost her virginity before she met Tim and the effect that experience had on her.
_	On 15 October, directives were sent to the press by Free State director of communications, Piaras Béaslaí to the effect that Free State troops were to be referred to as the "National Army", the "Irish Army", or just "troops".
_	Frank Sinatra joined the show in 1943, and was fired for messing up the No. 1 song, "Don't Fence Me In" by interjecting a mumble to the effect that the song had too many words and missing a cue.
_	There arose in the 16th century between the Count of Pyrmont and the Corvey Monastery a boundary dispute that on 15 June 1535 was arbitrated to the effect that Dungen passed to the von Kanne family.
_	Carswell engaged in a Twitter argument with University of Sussex science policy professor Paul Nightingale, after Nightingale compared international trade to the effect that Jupiter and the moon have on the tides, saying "Jupiter is big but the moon moves tides".
_	When once asked why he chose to write in Sicilian rather than a recognised literary language such as Italian or Spanish, he replied to the effect that if a man is to seduce a woman, he must do so in her mother tongue.
_	One day Larrison overhears a conversation to the effect that Jim can never forget his love for Edith.
_	On October 30 the NHC issued a special advisory to the effect that a low pressure system located well to the southwest of Cabo San Lucas had organized rather quickly and was being classified as a tropical depression.
_	Chief Justice William Rehnquist, in his dissenting opinion, was concerned with the effect that the decision would have on speech.
_	The effect of this section is that mineral rights are bestowed unto this body, which is unlike other mineral rights in Botswana which are governed by Section 3 of the "Mines and Minerals Act of 1999" to the effect that all minerals within Botswana, with the exception of Tati Concessions, are the property of the Republic of Botswana.
_	From a broader perspective, it is important in illustrating the effect that access to rail transport in the late 19th century had on Brisbane's urban environment, creating in the 1870s and 1880s a string of "outer" suburbs along the new railway lines into the capital.
_	On March 11, 2010, after eight years of litigation, Austria's Oberster Gerichtshof [Supreme Court of Justice] ruled Josef Krawina along with Friedensreich Hundertwasser, to be co-creators of the house with the effect that it is now forbidden for the Hundertwasser Non-Profit Foundation to disseminate any illustration or replica of the house without acknowledging Krawina as co-creator.
_	Cures range from the mundane (the "Won't-Pick-Up-Toys Cure", allowing a small boy to continue leaving his toys scattered about his room until the room becomes so fully cluttered that he is unable to escape) to the fantastic (the "Interrupting Cure", a special powder that is blown on the interrupter, with the effect that it causes the person to become temporarily mute every time he/she tries to interrupt someone).
_	The Act provides for the registration of a copyright work and section 39(3) is to the effect that, a publisher of a work may submit the work for registration by the Copyright Administrator after it has been published and two copies of the best edition may be deposited at the Copyright Office.
_	In spite of his limited role in the action, the effect that he had in the previous story makes
_	Local communities were not consulted and are unaware of the effect that the project would have on their environment.
_	The Russian reply made at that time was to the effect that a commission had been created in 1903 to consider the revision of the passport regulations, and that the desires of the United States would be brought to the attention of that commission.
_	Beck drew inspiration from debates about television violence and his desire to explore the effect that television has on people.
_	Chan Sek Keong has made an "ex curiae" (out-of-court) statement to the effect that where the allegation of apparent bias is made by a professional man (such as a lawyer) against a court or a tribunal, as in "Singh Kalpanath", it may be argued that the better viewpoint should be from that of the legal profession or the professional class, and not that of the layman.
_	The Mie-Grüneisen relation is a special form of the Grüneisen model which describes the effect that changing the volume of a crystal lattice has on its vibrational properties.
_	In March 1764, Wentworth released a statement to the effect that the resolution of jurisdictional dispute required a royal verdict, which he was certain would be made in his favor.
_	The Junta feared the effect that the entry of Liniers into the city might have, so Juan José Castelli was sent, with orders to replace Ocampo and execute the prisoners.
_	Zuylestein was ready with an uncompromising answer to the effect that the prince would not enter London while any royal troops remained in it.
_	Nevertheless, there persists a very widespread agreement to the effect that the French Revolution was the watershed between the premodern and modern eras of Western history.
_	The most controversial issue, subsequently the subject of the appeal, was plaintiffs' request for a charge to the jury, which McLean refused, to the effect that:
_	In epigenetics, proline isomerization is the effect that "cis-trans" isomerization of the amino acid proline has on the regulation of gene expression.
_	They appear to be based on a reference in the Visitation of Gloucestershire 1623 to a statement taken from "Howard 17, Herald's College" to the effect that his inquisition post mortem was held on 30 September 26 Edward IV (i.e. 1486).
_	The work of Yates in particular, most notably her 1964 book "Giordano Bruno and the Hermetic Tradition", has been cited as "an important starting-point for modern scholarship on esotericism", succeeding "at one fell swoop in bringing scholarship onto a new track" by bringing wider awareness of the effect that esoteric ideas had on modern science.
_	Galloway opposed the 1991 Gulf War and was critical of the effect that the subsequent sanctions had on the people of Iraq.
_	Finally, in the October 1826 issue of the "Edinburgh New Philosophical Journal" an unnamed author wrote that in a conversation with Franz von Gruithuisen, Gauss stated words to the effect that "the plan of erecting a geometrical figure on the plains of Siberia corresponded with his opinion, because, according to his view a correspondence with the inhabitants of the moon could only be begun by means of such mathematical contemplations and ideas, which we and they have in common."
_	There is a note to the effect that Major Stevens has laid a foundation stone for the church under nine feet depth.
_	Stories emerged to the effect that Garfield would entertain his friends by having them ask him questions, and then writing the answer in Latin with one hand while simultaneously writing the answer in Greek with the other.
_	On 1 April, he proclaimed his famous edict, to the effect that if the city were attacked, he would immediately execute anybody that mentioned surrender or capitulation.
_	By 1942, appeals had turned to open criticism, and messages to the effect that the pope was losing his "moral authority" due to his failure to condemn Nazi atrocities from reports which were coming in from diplomats accredited to the Vatican from the United States, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Brazil, Uruguay, Peru, Cuba, Belgium, and Poland.
_	This justified shift in perspective is the rational equivalent of the psychological perceptual disorder known as "foreshortened future," in which an individual, usually a young and physically healthy individual, unreasonably believes (either consciously or unconsciously) that his/her time horizons are more limited than they actually are, with the effect that the individual undervalues long-term goals and long-run pleasure and instead disproportionately pursues short-term goals and pleasure, thereby diverting resources from investment for the future and often even actively reducing his/her long-term prospects.
_	Internally there is also an entry to the effect that the editions are facsimiles at the bottom of each title page: "This facsimile edition is published in 1991 by John Wisden & Co. Ltd. and printed by The Eastern Press Ltd., Reading".
_	Skills allow player to change the way a base shot works, allowing players to curve the ball through the air intentionally, or even reduce the effect that flying through a tree can have on a ball.
_	During the first days after the law was passed the journalists made a lot of public claims to the effect that changes have been introduced, in defiance of the actual state of things.
_	The human rights activist Ye.Zakrevska made an apt comment to the effect that “the cell phones will not become scarce in the prisons.
_	The confessions of the "Thought Criminals" Rutherford, Aaronson and Jones are based on the show trials of the 1930s, which included fabricated confessions by prominent Bolsheviks Nikolai Bukharin, Grigory Zinoviev and Lev Kamenev to the effect that they were being paid by the Nazi government to undermine the Soviet regime under Leon Trotsky's direction.
_	One major challenge that many female entrepreneurs face is the effect that the traditional gender-roles society may still have on women.
_	In order for the owner of the copyright of a compilation not to be infringing the copyright of the constituent works, the statute would have to be interpreted to the effect that the copying the constituent works is not something that "only the owner of the copyright" in the constituent works has a right to do, and that the owner of the compilation also has a right to copy the constituent works.
_	Carbon leakage is the effect that regulation of emissions in one country/sector has on the emissions in other countries/sectors that are not subject to the same regulation.
_	Much of the British redeployment took place in August and despite Stirrup making public statements to the effect that the withdrawal was part of the overall plan, some commentators judged that the British had been defeated in southern Iraq.
_	On February 21, 1853, the quantity of silver in the lesser coins was reduced, with the effect that their denominations no longer represented their silver content relative to dollar coins.
_	The last was to the effect that about seventy or eighty years ago the woman in grey beckoned a man who had just been getting some of the water.
_	They would send me a paper to sign to the effect that NFL Films was empowered to protect the music in a court of law.
_	Owen was instrumental in organizing a group known as Family Law 2000 that seeks to find ways to educate parents about the effect that divorce can have on their children and to lessen the adversarial nature of legal proceedings when a marriage is dissolved.
_	St Arnoul de Metz, Etudes de Critique Historique" "Revue Mabillon" 21, (1921) observed that chronologically and for other reasons - Arnulf was identified as a Frank in contemporary documents whereas Arnoald was identified by Paul the Deacon as a Roman "ex nobilia senatorum familia orto" - this construction was incorrect and proposed an alternative to the effect that Arnulf's father was Bodegisel, based in significant part on the "Vita Gundolphi".
_	Under current laws, candidate are not required to disclose their political affiliations; however, section 31 of Chief Executive Election Ordinance (Cap 569) stipulates that a person elected as the Chief Executive must "publicly make a statutory declaration to the effect that he is not a member of any political party".
_	To the effect that they had taken Rebecca into custody because 'they had concerns for her welfare.
_	Evidence had been given to the effect that the diagram had been included in the flight crew's briefing documentation.
_	With the Cross of Otto and Mathilde this would have the effect that the siblings depicted on the donor portrait on the front side would be part of the procession, a fraternal prayer from beyond the grave which would be perfect for a donation made in memoriam.
_	In their joint will, the spouses had a provision to the effect that, if they died simultaneously, their estate had to devolve in a certain way.
_	Its events were precipitated when, at an international student peace conference held in Paris on April 20, 1949, Paul Robeson allegedly made a speech to the effect that American blacks would not support the United States in a war with the Soviet Union, due to continued second-class citizen status under United States law.
_	The applicant (the Minister) sought leave to appeal against a decision of the Supreme Court of Appeal in which it upheld a decision of the High Court to the effect that the State was liable in damages for the injuries sustained by the respondent when he was shot by a policeman in the employ of the South African Police Services (SAPS) who, although off duty, had placed himself on duty by embarking on a pursuit of suspects.
_	In 1948 backbench pressure in the House of Commons forced through an amendment to the Criminal Justice Bill to the effect that capital punishment should be suspended for five years and all death sentences automatically commuted to life imprisonment.
_	There are basically two accounts of the tale, one deriving from a letter written by Heinrich Schliemann in 1889, to the effect that in 1877 the "Spanish Consul," Minos K., excavated "in five places."
_	He was taken before the magistrates and denied the offence, however the magistrate, Mr Jones told him Despite Helliker having an alibi from his friend Joseph Warren, to the effect that they had both got drunk on the night in question and had locked themselves inside a house until the morning, he was charged and lodged in Salisbury gaol.
_	In September 1926, Jack L. Warner, head of Warner Bros., was quoted to the effect that talking pictures would never be viable:
_	He created a so-called "stamhus" from the estate with the effect that it could no longer be sold, mortgaged or divided between heirs but it was dissolved shortly thereafter.
_	Winch goes on to suggest that the moral of the dialogue is a particular case of a general lesson, to the effect that the proper "application" of rules governing a form of human activity cannot itself be summed up with a set of "further" rules, and so that "a form of human activity can never be summed up in a set of explicit precepts" (p. 53).
_	Resolved - That Mr. Cunningham & Mr. Pooley arrange an effectual stop for front gate, and that they give a note conjointly, to the effect that the gate shall be made perfectly secure."
_	It is the tendency of machines to join up and to work together to the effect that a larger machine emerges being more efficient and powerful than its parts.
_	The rule is a modified version of Prout's hypothesis proposed in 1815, to the effect that atomic weights are multiples of the weight of the hydrogen atom.
_	On 2 November 2011, the Syrian government agreed to an Arab League peace plan to the effect that its army would no longer be deployed in violent crackdowns against peaceful demonstrators, tanks would be withdrawn from the cities, all political prisoners be released, a dialogue with the opposition begun within two weeks, and Arab League and foreign media allowed to monitor the situation.
_	The United States sets high sugar prices to support its producers, with the effect that many former purchasers of sugar have switched to corn syrup (beverage manufacturers) or moved out of the country (candy manufacturers).
_	Added to this, all hypotheses which have so far been put forward to the effect that Jesus never lived are in the strangest opposition to each other, both in their method of working and their interpretation of the Gospel reports, and thus merely cancel each other out.
_	This is the effect that the atomic orbital basis of one molecule improves the basis of the other.
_	They feature considerable insights into the character and mental processes of the protagonist and into the effect that his work as a detective has on his personal life; this is another key feature of this genre.
_	When January 1, 1891 arrived, the president published a decree in the to the effect that the budget of 1890 would be considered the official budget for 1891.
_	According to Gadberry's affidavit, Stano merely parroted the information back to Crow while other veteran homicide officers later made statements to the effect that, they too, had witnessed Paul Crow 'helping' Stano to confess to crimes he had not committed.
_	All an agency supplying "any" service would need to do to circumvent article XIII D, section 6, subdivision (b)(3), would be to establish a low legal base use for that service, pass an ordinance to the effect that any usage above the base amount is illegal, and then decree that the penalty for such illegal usage equals the incrementally increased rate for that service.
_	Soyinka's testimony about the events prior to and after the bombing have also been brought into question, there have been accusations made to the effect that he might have been the same person that detonated the bomb by remote control as he was not injured in the explosion.
_	As such, the size of the effect that pollinator decline has on an area depends on the local diet.
_	Extended visits to Elysium causes one to lose interest in leaving, eventually becoming petitioners to the plane (similar to the effect that its evil counterpart, the Gray Waste, has on visitors).
_	In 2004 British secret documents were revealed that included a statement by Fergusson, written at the time of the event, to the effect that Farran confessed to Fergusson of the murder.
_	A remark he made about cross-bred animal populations, to the effect that one type comes to predominate, was quoted by Charles Darwin in "The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication".
_	The Act removed a limitation which had existed under the previous Article 3, to the effect that citizenship rights only applied within the jurisdiction of the Free State.
_	However, Charles A. Beard in the 1920s made a highly influential argument to the effect that these differences caused the war (rather than slavery or constitutional debates).
_	In an interview in March 2014, Sesta described the effect that the changes within the band as "we used less samples and focused more on playing instruments ourselves, it led to a much more enjoyable and dynamic chemistry in the studio".
_	This has the effect that an upper bound on the time taken to communicate a set of data can be given.
_	It also examines the effect that the government ban on smoking in public places and the availability of cheap alcohol in urban pubs have had on the viability of the club.
_	The scene where Alex rescues Drew while the ship is being flooded was filmed by camera operators wearing wet suits inside a sound stage tank, which was constructed with plywood and a hydraulic lift to give the effect that the water level was rising.
_	In the absence of facts a traditional account of his death developed, to the effect that he died on 14 June in either 970 or 972 from a fall from his horse, but this is not supported by any evidence.
_	In 1985, he related that at a private dinner at the Chadwicks' house at Los Alamos in March 1944, he was shocked to hear the director of the Manhattan Project, Major General Leslie R. Groves, Jr., say words to the effect that the real purpose in making the bomb was to subdue the Soviets.
_	In a few cases, the effect that voiced , , , have on tone needs to be negated to achieve a "ping yin" tone.
_	A statistical analysis of the 1938 VFA Grand Final between Brunswick and Brighton was published and compared with the averages from ten VFL matches around the same time to illustrate the effect that the rule changes had on making the game more non-stop.
_	On 25 September, Gray discharged himself from the Ulster Hospital to attend a meeting of all the brigadiers bar Adair at which he, John Gregg, Jackie McDonald, Billy McFarland and Andre Shoukri found Adair guilty of treason for his role in Gray's shooting and released a press statement to the effect that Adair was expelled from the UDA.
_	Parliament's decision to strike down the final draft has the effect that national laws will not be harmonised.
_	Critics at the time, led by Democratic Senator John F. Kennedy levied charges to the effect that there was a "missile gap", that is, the U.S. had fallen militarily behind the Soviets because of their lead in space.
_	Chief among their concerns was the effect that the air pressure might have on the organs of the delicate female body, though it appears that they were also concerned about the moral implications of a man and woman being alone in a balloon together.
_	More recently, after a good deal of discussion, these conditions were confirmed and a letter was sent by the Property Services Agency (PSA) on 15th November 1977 to the effect that Wisley Airfield would not be sold until both the buildings and the runway had been removed.
_	A government minute was adopted on 7 March 1835, to the effect that in higher education, the object of the British government in India should be the promotion of European science and literature among the natives of India, and that all funds appropriated for purposes of education would be best employed on English education alone.
_	These cartoons are evidence of the effect that Roman works of the past had on Cabanel.
_	When Canning entered office, the King, hitherto content with privately instructing his ministers on the Catholic Question, thought it fit to make a public declaration to the effect that his sentiments on the question were those of his revered father, George III.
_	The march concluded in Istanbul on 9 July with a rally attended by hundreds of thousands of people, during which Kılıçdaroğlu spoke at length about the effect that the government purge has had on the judiciary and rule of law in Turkey.
_	A distinction is made between "data" and "information", to the effect that information is the "end" product of "data" processing.
_	It is often said the Internet is a new frontier, and there is a line of argument to the effect that social interaction, cooperation and conflict among users resembles the anarchistic and violent American frontier of the early 19th century.
_	With respect however to the ground for invalidation under Item (xv), taking account of factors including the fact that Y's name (Valentino Globe Besloten Vennootschap), which included the word "Valentino" had been stated in the initial demand; that "VALENTINO" was famous in the fashion industry in Japan; and that X too was found to have known of "VALENTIONO" since the statements in the initial demand can be regarded in the same light as those asserted by stating a ground for invalidation to the effect that X's Trademark was a trademark that was likely to cause confusion in connection with Y's markings including "VALENTINO" the Court found that as a result of the initial demand, it was possible to see that a demand for a trial decision for invalidation that was specified in substance in the form of one claim had
_	The request should contain a petition to the effect that a patent be  granted, it should also include important details of the applicant, the inventor and the agent, if any, as well as the title of  the invention.
_	The affair continued to draw the attention of the celebrity and supermarket press, eventually including a long piece in "Woman's World" magazine that quoted Judith Kuriansky, a psychologist and television talk show host, to the effect that Springsteen was going through a midlife crisis.
_	At short notice, the DPA banners were taken out, letters written, press interviews given and support given to the villagers when an inflatable mast was demonstrated – with the effect that the planning application was withdrawn.
_	In support of this conclusion, the court cited a passage from an American judgment, quoted in "Williston on Contracts", to the effect that,
_	His reasoning is based on a Talmudic commentary to the effect that Sabbath laws may be violated for a fetus, but only for a later-stage embryo.
_	On November 1, 2012, the Rangers issued a statement to the effect that they would not be renewing Barnett's contract, which had expired at the end of the 2012 season.
_	Henry Caesar, dean of Ely, was directed by the Star Chamber to retract a report that he had circulated to the effect that Mildmay had endeavoured to see by conjuration the person of Cardinal Pole after his death.
_	While they may appear incongruous with the architectural setting, this was probably the effect that van der Weyden was seeking.
_	The house, listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on August 17, 1973, also shows the effect that Louis Sullivan had on the young architect and the eventual disciplined and geometric direction Wright went with his designs.
_	Grew's account says "There is a lot of talk around town to the effect that the Japanese in case of a break with the United States, are planning to go all out in a surprise mass attack on Pearl Harbour.
_	It was to the effect that the merchandize on sale was left by them upon the opposite bank of a river on their coast, and it was then removed by the natives, if they thought proper to deal on terms of exchange.
_	If scorching occurs too close to the printed copy, it can interfere with the clarity of the printed copy; however, this may be the effect that is desired for a particular application.
_	Many suspicions were voiced to the effect that the heart attack had been caused or made possible deliberately – by the ICTY, according to sympathizers, or by himself, according to critics.
_	The IRA issued a statement later on 7 March to the effect that McCann, Savage, and Farrell were "on active service" in Gibraltar and had "access to and control over " of Semtex.
_	Watson has been outspoken about the effect that too much prize money can have on some golfers.
_	The following day, Arab notables issued a statement that "many rumours and reports of various kinds have spread to the effect that Government had enlisted and armed certain Jews, that they had enrolled Jewish ex-soldiers who had served in the Great War; and the Government forces were firing at Arabs exclusively."
_	The final nail in the line's coffin was a government directive issued shortly after the declaration of war to the effect that railways unable to support themselves would cease operations at the earliest opportunity; and, as the line clearly fell into this category, the last train ran early in August 1914.
_	For context it states that Udall's initial troubles with the authorities were for holding conventicles; and quotes Udall to the effect that Holdsworth, his successor at Newcastle, was already acting as pastor when he arrived.
_	Video footage, for instance, is helpful in reducing the effect that the observers presence may have on subjects.
_	The following year, on the 17th of March, he disrupted a communion ceremony in the Altshausen church with a statement to the effect that it wasn't the blood of Christ that the churchgoers were being given, and that the whole ceremony was a fraud.
_	A promise or an undertaking by the creator made to any person to the effect that the creator will make a declaration referred to in subsection (1) is void.
_	On 14 October 2008, a regional law was enacted by Campania which has the effect that the use of the Neapolitan language is protected.
_	This was done so through the details and formatting of each building, which in essence created the effect that those participating in the ritual were experiencing their religious phenomena.
_	He also quotes the Shia Imams to the effect that some prophets had lived incredibly long lives.
_	This brought a swift telegram from Sibelius, to the effect that the symphony would not, after all, be ready for that season.
_	Jean-Baptiste Say (1767–1832), a French economist, defined an entrepreneur as a person who "undertakes" an idea and shifts perspectives in a way that it alters the effect that an idea has on society.
_	Henk J. M. Bos describes it as the principle to the effect that in a sum involving infinitesimals of different orders, only the lowest-order term must be retained, and the remainder discarded.
_	The government responded with on official declaration: "The government has been informed that individuals who are hostile towards the present policy, known as communists, are spreading tendentious rumors to the effect that the creoles are to be obliged to contract themselves for the work on the "roças" like "serviçais."
_	Where the exponential discounter reasons correctly and the hyperbolic discounter goes wrong is that as "n" becomes very large, the value of (1 + "r" %)^"n" becomes much larger than the value of "n", with the effect that the value of "y" / [(1 + "r" %)^"n"] becomes much smaller than the value of "y" /"n".
_	Used from around the 3rd century BC for the recovery of a specific thing or specific sum of money (such as from a debtor), it did not require a wager as such, but the parties exchanged promises to the effect that the loser would pay to the winner one third of the sum at issue.
_	The allies guarantee to each other reciprocally the faithful fulfilment of the agreements, arrangements, and Treaties that are to be celebrated with the government that shall be established in Paraguay, in virtue of what is agreed upon by the present Treaty of Alliance, which shall always remain in its full force and vigour to the effect that these stipulations be respected and executed by the Republic of Paraguay.
_	He did note on his original blog a disclaimer to the effect that his moniker was not "anti-Muslim" and that he differentiated between extremists and peaceful practicing Muslims.
_	Speaking about Cortana's fate in "Halo 4", O'Connor stated that "Halo 4"s story was focused on the effect that Cortana's sacrifice and loss would have on the Master Chief.
_	However, the London Oratory school continued to interview to assess Catholicity up until 2006, having won a court case to the effect that, while schools had to have regard to the code of admissions, it was not binding.
_	We can measure the effect that relative nonlinearity has on coexistence using an invasion analysis.
_	All money is current: Soviet, Romanov, Kerensky, even Denikin army money, in accordance with the decree to the effect that shopkeepers are required to accept every kind of Russian money tendered to them...
_	At a heralds' visitation of London in 1568, Spinola showed a certificate from the 'Seigniory of Genoa' to the effect that he was the lawful son of Baptiste Spinola "who bare these Arms abovesaide", and another from the Earl of Bedford, who certified that he had been in Genoa in 1566 and that in that year "the said Babtiste", Spinola's father, "did refuse to be Duke of the same Citie".
_	Desgrange got rid of the factories' influence only by reorganising the Tour for national teams in 1930, with the effect that he thereby acknowledged teamwork and therefore domestiques.
_	"The medical evidence is to the effect that the fact that the man had to cycle home caked with grime and sweat added materially to the risk"
_	""with regard to the administration of justice, the weight of evidence is strongly to the effect that a two-branch profession is more likely than a fused one to ensure the high quality of advocacy that is indispensable, so long as our system remains in its present form, to secure the proper quality of justice""
_	In a correspondence with Henry Coleridge, he contested statements made in print by James Gilmann and Coleridge himself, to the effect that Coleridge and his friends had been exploited by his papers and were inadequately rewarded.
_	"The History of History: Politics and Scholarship in Modern India", is a study of the politics of history-writing in India since the early 19th century; the book also makes an unusual argument, naturally not well received by historians, to the effect that ahistoricity has been one of the most characteristic features of Indian civilisation, at least until the beginning of Muslim dynasties.
_	About the creation-evolution controversy itself, Popper initially wrote that he considered it "a somewhat sensational clash between a brilliant scientific hypothesis concerning the history of the various species of animals and plants on earth, and an older metaphysical theory which, incidentally, happened to be part of an established religious belief" with a footnote to the effect that he "agree[s] with Professor C.E. Raven when, in his "Science, Religion, and the Future", 1943, he calls this conflict 'a storm in a Victorian tea-cup'; though the force of this remark is perhaps a little impaired by the attention he pays to the vapours still emerging from the cup—to the Great Systems of Evolutionist Philosophy, produced by Bergson, Whitehead, Smuts, and others."
_	He set out a fictional etymology for the name in an appendix to "The Lord of the Rings", to the effect that it was ultimately derived from "holbytla" (plural "holbytlan"), meaning "hole-builder" (and corresponding to Old English).
_	Boas, along with several of his pupils, notably A.L. Kroeber, Ruth Benedict and Margaret Mead, changed the focus of anthropological research to the effect that instead of generalizing cultures, the attention was now on collecting empirical evidence of how individual cultures change and develop.
_	Beginning with a personal anecdote of his struggles with his wife to find an appropriate name for their new baby daughter, he goes on to discuss a variety of topics, such as the increasing influence of conversational tics like "you know," the legacy of Yiddish words in American English, the question of personal favorite words, the effect that television shows have on the language, and the use of wordplay in country music.
_	Ivanov then proceeds begins to shave him, recounting their previous meeting while also strongly hinting at the effect that one slip of the razor could have.
_	Parretti was later convicted of perjury and evidence tampering in a Delaware court for statements he made in a 1991 civil case, brought by Credit Lyonnais to validate their removal of Parretti, to the effect that a document he claimed allowed him to retain control of MGM was authentic; he fled the country for Italy before he could be sentenced or extradited to France, where he was wanted on criminal charges related to his use of MGM's French assets.
_	Philipp IV tried to conclude an inheritance treaty between the two lines of Counts of Hanau, Hanau-Münzenberg and Hanau-Lichtenberg, to the effect that, should one of the lines die out, the other line would inherit.
_	Using as an example a theoretical invasion of Iraq 20 years after Operation Desert Storm, the authors claimed, "Shutting the country down would entail both the physical destruction of appropriate infrastructure and the shutdown and control of the flow of all vital information and associated commerce so rapidly as to achieve a level of national shock akin to the effect that dropping nuclear weapons on Hiroshima and Nagasaki had on the Japanese."
_	The complaint asserted that state law is involved in the Republican Party's nominating process and cited case law to the effect that party process should be considered "an integral part of the State's election system".
_	Clark et al.’s formalization of the model to politics shows the effect that developmental aid can have on the receiving country’s development and highlights that the aid can potentially harm that country.
_	This has implications for research on addiction because of the effect that stress has on human relapse behavior.
_	However, the effect that Clubcard had on Sainsbury's sales led to the reversal of that decision, with the launch of the Sainsbury's Reward Card in June 1996.
_	He sent a petition to the Holy See to the effect that the title of Basilica be granted to the newly built church.
_	A canon was passed to the effect that in future yearly synods should be held on 1 August every year "in the place which is called Clofeshoch".
_	There is another legend to the effect that they were collected by Viswakarma, at the command of Shiva, to erect in one night a second Kasi.
_	This increase has the effect that, for each unit of energy input into the system (say to power a light bulb in the closed system), the air conditioner removes that energy.
_	He first soliloquises to the effect that if Jesus dies, he, the Devil, will lose control of men's souls.
_	In 1797 he submitted to the Bank of England a specimen of a note engraved after his plan, accompanied by a certificate signed by Francesco Bartolozzi, Wilson Lowry, William Sharp and other engravers, to the effect that they did not believe it could be copied by any of the known arts of engraving.
_	When Haywood was quoted speaking at public meetings in New York City to the effect that he had never advocated the use of the ballot by the workers but had instead favored the tactics of direct action, an initiative recalling Haywood from the NEC was launched by the State Executive Committee of the Socialist Party of New York.
_	Changes to the ABC's funding structure took place in 1948 - amendments were made to the Broadcasting Act with the effect that the ABC would no longer receive its finances from licenses, but from a government appropriation.
_	Divorce, conversely, will not revoke a will, but in many jurisdictions will have the effect that the former spouse is treated as if they had died before the testator and so will not benefit.
_	To effectively study the existence and effect of such interactions, scientific studies must examine the effect that multiple constituents, given concurrently, have on the system.
_	This research looked into the effect that the oxide thickness and implantation energy had on the threshold voltage of MOS devices.
_	Some of the first passengers to arrive commented to the effect that the station was not finished, even appearing temporary in nature.
_	Rumours were spread to the effect that the French government were despatching a cruiser to Yanam to capture Merger leaders and to re-establish their authority.
_	Beverly admits that "the roving life fascinates me"; indeed, "Sophomore" saw her quoting Bliss Carman to the effect that "there is something in October sets the gypsy blood astir," awaking "dreams of what she hoped to be some day, dreams of places she hoped to visit and sights she longed to see."
_	II, along with Miłosz's confessor, issued public messages to the effect that Miłosz had been receiving the sacraments, which quelled the protest.
_	According to Hillel ben Herz ("Bet Hillel," "Yoreh De'ah", § 157), Naphtali says the Jews of Vilna had been compelled to uncover when taking an oath in court, but later purchased from the tribunal the privilege to swear with covered head, a practise subsequently made unnecessary by a decision of one of their rabbis to the effect that an oath might be taken with uncovered head.
_	Walker believes he's found a confession from Ned, hidden within the pages of the book, to the effect that Ned took credit for Theo's work on the house after Theo's death in 1966.
_	A pictogram advisory accompanied by full-screen written and verbal advisory to the effect that the program is classified as “Parental Guidance” shall be broadcast for at least 10 seconds immediately before the opening credits of the particular television material classified as such.
_	Beck drew inspiration from debates about television violence and his desire to explore the effect that television has on people.
_	The caliph made a statement to the effect that he would not interfere with political affairs.
_	A new suggestion was published in 2007 by the "Assemblée InterJurassienne"  (AIJ), to the effect that two "half-cantons" should be formed from the existing canton of Jura and the Bernese Jura.
_	He then repeats a tale to the effect that about 1710 a Tungus deserted to the Russian side of the border.
_	The statements also cast serious aspersions on A*Star's scholars to the effect that they were not admitted to their universities on merit but only because their universities were bribed by A*Star to do so.
_	Vew-Do's patent gives information about the effect that its roller's shape has on the board's movement.
_	He then goes on to paraphrase da Vinci to the effect that movement gives shape to all forms and structure gives order to movement, but adds modern insight when he suggests that "a deeper and more extensive inner movement creates, maintains, and ultimately dissolves structure". (78).
_	The Riesz criterion was given by , to the effect that the bound
_	But in 1906 Lipscomb answered the director of the U.S. religious census for the conservatives when they were asked if the Disciples of Christ were divided, to the effect that they were.
_	In 2013, the Holidays (Full Recognition of Waitangi Day and ANZAC Day) Amendment Act 2013 was passed, with the effect that if Anzac Day should fall on a Saturday or Sunday, for those employees who would not work otherwise work on that Saturday or Sunday, the public holiday must be treated as falling on the following Monday.
_	The loss of this contrast has the effect that "hetta" ('heat') and "hätta" ('cap') are pronounced the same.
_	On March 10, 1860, as part of a letter conveying the depositions of citizens concerning Indian depredations from Humboldt County Sheriff B. VanNest to Governor Downey, A. S. Pardee wrote a deposition in Union, Humboldt County to the effect that Indians had burned his house in 1858 and that he rebuilt on same site.
_	At the conference which followed Crewe adduced a precedent from the reign of Henry IV in support of the contention of the lords, and the commons being able to produce no counter-precedent the question was quietly settled by the commons entering in the journal a minute to the effect that the proceedings against Floyde should not become a precedent.
_	Ruth Padel, reviewing "What the Water Gave Me: Poems after Frida Kahlo" in "The Guardian" wrote: "Petit's collection is not a verse biography, but a hard-hitting, palette-knife evocation of the effect that bus crash had on Kahlo's life and work.
_	The dispute was resolved by Paschasius in a letter to Frudiger, in which he clarified his position to the effect that the true nature of the sacramental body of Christ is spiritual, so that the true presence of Christ's body is necessarily spiritual and not physical in nature, so that its presence in the Eucharist is "real" and "symbolic" at the same time.
_	A Refugees International/Open Society Foundations report on 13 May 2011 stated, "After years of encouraging—sometimes coercing—Bidoon to sign affidavits to the effect that they were nationals of other countries, government officials became involved in an illicit trade of forged foreign passports."
_	In his eighteenth article Schaw recommended that;All masters or "interprisaris of warkis be verray cairfull to see thair skaffaldis and fute-gangis (platforms) surelie sett and placeit, to the effect that throw thair negligence and sleuth (laziness), na hurt or skaith cum unto persons that works at the said work, under the pain of discharging of thame thairafter to work as masters havand charge of ane work."
_	The briefing paper concluded that "analysis of the safety data demonstrates that paroxetine is generally well tolerated by paediatric patients ...," but suggested a label change to the effect that efficacy had not been established in children with major depressive disorder, and that adverse reactions could include hyperkinesia, hostility, emotional lability and agitation.
_	They may allude to a theory about poetry to the effect that it should be local, engaging the environment one has roots in.
_	“The only remaining reason” to deploy direct horizontal application would be to take advantage of the holding of the Supreme Court of Appeal in Afrox Healthcare v Strydom, to the effect that courts in direct-application cases are not bound by pre-1994 decisions.
_	These are shaped like a spool, mushroom, or barrel - with the effect that they feel as though they have set when in fact they have not.
_	Policy from the War Office changed to a requirement for better armour with the effect that an armoured roof was needed.
_	Membership of the team varied considerably between matches, to the effect that as many as 54 players took part in the 8 matches of the campaign.
_	This area of research, overall, has provided insights into the mechanisms of visual orientation processing and the effect that MDMA neurotoxicity has on this system.
_	An earlier suggestion is that of Zacher (1855), to the effect that the earliest value of this rune was the labiovelar /hw/, and that its name may have been "hweol" "wheel".
_	Recent information indicates Transport Canada may permit private, general aviation flight with only an existing 121.5 MHz ELT if there is a placard visible to all passengers stating to the effect that the aircraft does not comply with international recommendations for the carriage of the 406 MHz emergency alerting device and is not detectable by satellites in the event of a crash.
_	The hobo's isolation began not with his loss of wealth but with the effect that wealth had upon him in the first place.
_	Writing for "The Guardian", Laura Wilson summarized the book as a "thoughtful, slow-paced and immensely readable novel ... about the effect that crimes, both small and large, have on the community."
_	In August 1896, the new chief of French military intelligence, Lieutenant Colonel Georges Picquart, reported to his superiors that he had found evidence to the effect that the real traitor was a Major Ferdinand Walsin Esterhazy.
_	Turf resistance and bounce can be altered; as well as the effect that altitude and temperature has on gameplay.
_	There has been much work on these approaches such as; the effect that parent material has on the distribution of plants, the increase of precipitation due to an influx of transpiration, the stability of a hillslope due to the abundance of vegetation or, the increase of sedimentation due to a beaver dam.
_	Korry was greatly embittered by widespread press reports, many of them by journalists who had been his peers and friends during his reportorial career, to the effect that he had played an instrumental role in a military coup to depose and kill Allende, despite Korry's repeated public claims that he had known nothing of the CIA's plans to foment this, nor had he played any role in it.
_	Some believe that rumours began circulating at court to the effect that Cixi had poisoned Ci'an, perhaps as a result of a possible conflict between Cixi and Ci'an over the execution of the eunuch An Dehai in 1869 or a possible will from the late Xianfeng Emperor that was issued exclusively to Ci'an.
_	When the committee reported to the Minister in December 1925, Priestley and two other members submitted a memorandum to the effect that they were unable to agree to the committee's recommendation to raise the age of consent from 16 to 17 years.
_	In 2015 a trope took hold in the United States media to the effect that the life expectancy of a trans woman of color is only 35 years, a number both "terrifying and ludicrous".
_	Something that passed among the foursome during that match led Chandler to remark to Takachiho something to the effect that "the two women in the ring may be the Beauty Pair, but those two with you ought to be called 'the Dirty Pair'."
_	Thorne as he is about to enter the boat is given an anonymous note to the effect that Marion is about to leave town with one of the college men.
_	Army and Navy leaders were forced to testify before Congress to the effect that the nation's military was in excellent shape.
_	Smoley quotes Papus again to the effect that after the fall, “each cell of Adam became an individual human being.”
_	The first motion was moved by the Duke of Leinster, to the effect that the bill be dismissed.
_	This perception reveals the effect that past policies have finally effected: a fear of the political power of shamans and the turmoil they were able to create.
_	The physician had deliberately inserted genetic material and contaminants into all stored samples of the Emperor's original body, to the effect that these bodies would be nowhere as resistant to the ravaging effects of the Dark side as the original.
_	This chapter speaks on the effect that bloggers and many others have had over the years and how they have developed.
_	After numerous rumours to the effect that he would be hired by other radio stations in the Quebec City market (which turned out to be unfounded) or by a satellite radio group, he announced his intention of launching a subscription-only Internet radio service.
_	"No effect concentration" (NEC) is a risk assessment parameter that represents the concentration of a pollutant that will not harm the species involved, with respect to the effect that is studied.
_	One way of considering the effect that diffraction has on cameras using different sized sensors is to consider the modulation transfer function (MTF).
_	From these experiences he campaigned for a reform of the insane asylum called "Pesthuset" (later St Hans), with the effect that the donations poured in, though the needed reforms did not take place until long after Riegels' death.
_	The editors of major media organizations were contacted, to the effect that they were not allowed to review or praise "This Earth of Mankind" or any other of Pramoedya's works.
_	In 1639, noting that Parliament had not been summoned in England for a decade, the free men of Maryland passed an act to the effect that "assemblies were to be called once in every three years at the least," ensuring that their voices would be regularly heard.
_	18A was added in 1982 to the effect that divorce and annulment have the same effect as the death of a spouse.
_	His subsequent works were dissertations on the origin of alphabetical writing ("Die Erfindung der Buch stabenschrift", 1801), on the antiquity of the "Codex Vaticanus" (1810), and on ancient mythology ("Uber den Mythos der alien Volker", 1812); a new interpretation of the "Song of Solomon" ("Des hohe Lied in einer noch unversuchten Deutung", 1813), to the effect that the lover represents King Hezekiah, while by his beloved is intended the remnant left in Israel after the deportation of the ten tribes; and treatises on the indissoluble character of the matrimonial bond ("De conjugii christiani vinculo indissolubili commentatio exegetica", 1816) and on the Alexandrian version of the Pentateuch (1818).
_	In the "New Dictionary of Sacramental Worship" the need to establish communion is reinforced as it quotes the "General Instruction" to the effect that the purpose of the introductory rites is “to ensure that the faithful who come together as one "establish communion" and dispose themselves to listen properly to God's word and to celebrate the Eucharist worthily” ("GIRM", 46, emphasis added).
_	In early July 2008, Dona Cadman swore an affidavit that challenged some of Tom Zytaruk's assertions, though in a previous affidavit she maintains her "recollection of her husband's words to the effect that two Conservative operatives... offered him a million dollar life insurance policy in exchange for his vote," notes Liberal MP LeBlanc.
_	An example that came up frequently in debates was the disparity between a sentence of home detention and of imprisonment and the effect that would have on offenders.
_	This meant that all income above the personal allowance and below the higher rate band would be taxed at 20%, with the effect that taxpayers earning above the personal allowance would be up to £232 worse off each year.
_	Accordingly, on May 15, Butler issued an order to the effect that any woman insulting or showing contempt for any officer or soldier of the United States should be "treated as a woman of the town plying her avocation" - meaning soliciting of prostitution.
_	This had the effect that Kilmacud had breached Rule 116 of the official guide.
_	This proposition was founded on a term of Mampeule's contract of employment with SAPO, read together with SAPO's Articles of Association, to the effect that his removal from SAPO's Board gave rise unavoidably to the automatic and simultaneous termination of his employment contract with SAPO.
_	After the Revolutions of 1848/49, in which the liberal nationalistic revolutionaries advocated the Greater German solution, the Austrian defeat in the Austro-Prussian War (1866) with the effect that Austria was now excluded from Germany, and increasing ethnic conflicts in the multinational Habsburg Monarchy, a German national movement evolved in Austria.
_	Confirming Chamberlain on his "containment" policy of Germany in 1939 was information supplied by Carl Friedrich Goerdeler to the effect that the German economy was on the verge of collapse under the weight of heavy military spending.
_	In the 19th century, such acclimatization societies were fashionable and supported by the scientific knowledge and beliefs of that era, as the effect that non-native species could have on the local ecosystem was not yet known.
_	His stated reason for supporting prohibition was the effect that alcoholics had on their children.
_	The first is to the effect that, in the year 1800, a farmhouse was built on the site of the present Wrangthorn Church, by Nathaniel Atkinson, whose son John carried on the farm after his father's death, the land extending from the Cardigan estate to the slopes of Woodhouse Ridge, John Atkinson and a friend or two took coach to London, and on their safe return had a meeting in the farmhouse, and over a bowl of punch solemnly gave the district the name of "Hyde Park Corner" to commemorate their pleasant visit to London.
_	It demonstrates “that the relationships between private investors and managers were closer and more extensive than known - and then showed the effect that this had on the end of the company.”"
_	In order, however, to distinguish between the dignity of the patriarchal office and that attaching to the offices of the "ab bet din" and the "ḥakam", Shimon issued an order to the effect that the honors formerly bestowed alike upon the "nasi" and the "ab bet din" were henceforth to be reserved for the patriarch ("nasi"), while minor honors were to be accorded the "ab bet din" and the "ḥakam".
_	Mrinialini Mata said, in her talk "The Blessings of Kriya Yoga in Everday Life," "Guruji said that Rajarsi's role, even as Lahiri Mahasaya in India had demonstrated, was to be in the world but not of it: to show the effect that Kriya can have in those who carry worldly responsibilities as householders."
_	Agreements were made between the French and the German occupation force in La Rochelle, to the effect that the French would not attack and that in exchange the Germans would not destroy the port installations of La Rochelle-La Pallice.
_	The book came to public attention in 2004, after investigative journalist Seymour Hersh, writing for "The New Yorker" revealed that the book was "the bible of the neocons on Arab behavior" to the effect that it was the source of the idea held by the US military officials responsible for the torture and abuse of prisoners at Abu Ghraib scandal that "Arabs are particularly vulnerable to sexual humiliation".
_	The Scalia opinion reasoned that the refusal to let Low represent Gonzalez-Lopez caused effects that could never be adequately measured for harmless error, because it is impossible to speculate on what the effect that a different attorney and one that the defendant wished to have would have had on the proceedings—including whether a trial would have occurred in the first place.
_	The traditional Persian border arrangement was highly conserved through time, but can also be modified to the effect that the field encroaches on the main border.
_	However, it has since issued a statement to the effect that the test will continue to be available as a result of support from the Japanese government.
_	This plan would only work if Britain issued a strong warning and a letter to the effect that they would fight to preserve Czechoslovakia.
_	They float on their backs in the pool together, while Floriane dances alone at the party, oblivious to the effect that her actions have had upon Marie and Anne.
_	In redistricting, the 6th district was modified with the effect that, had the 2008 presidential election been held under the new boundaries, Democratic nominee Barack Obama would have received a share of the vote 1.5 percentage points greater than that which he achieved under the former boundaries.
_	However, in 2008, the court again applied the holding of Ashcroft, supra. to virtual child pornography, giving the effect that the PROTECT Act is not held to ban virtual child pornography- See United States v. Williams, 553 U.S. 285 (2008),
_	The possibility of out-doing the Olympic Games was mentioned: "We have got representations from America to the effect that it would be advisable to depart from the idea of confining the Tailteann games to the Irish race and seeing that they predated the Greek Olympic by a thousand years we should be justified in entering upon a more varied programme."
_	The papal bull issued was to the effect that no archbishop or bishop should hold any assembly or ecclesiastical court in the Diocese of Dublin, or treat of the ecclesiastical causes and affairs of the said diocese, without the consent of the Archbishop of Dublin, if the latter were actually in his see, unless specially authorised by the Papal See or the Apostolic legate.
_	He tells her that he intends to study hard and someday go up into space to help out; Lori replies to the effect that she'll see him there.
_	Ma’afu immediately executed an affidavit the following day to the effect that Vanuabalavu and all the other lands given to him.
_	To counter the effect that the fly of an ensign appears to shorten when moving in the wind, the widths of the columns were regulated anew on 17 May 1853, now as 30:33:37.
_	A "democratic myth" emerged in the 19th century to the effect that many a "lad of pairts" had been able to rise up through the system to take high office and that literacy was much more widespread in Scotland than in neighbouring states, particularly England.
_	Gev colony began ploughing 130 dunums of land situated near the colony and belonging to the Arab population of demilitarised Nuqeib, in violation of the verbal agreement concluded at Samara in 1950 to the effect that the two parties should retain and work the said land until the problem was settled.
_	"E" represents the effect that varying environmental conditions (e.g. rainfall patterns, temperature, food availability, etc.) have on fitness, in the absence of abnormal competitive effects.
_	Sewall in 1768 and Kendall in 1807 made definite statements to the effect that the greater part of the lines were so much effaced as to make their decipherment impossible, or wholly subject to the fancy.
_	The decisions of the Polish-Lithuanian rabbis are frequently marked by breadth of view also, as is instanced by a decision of Joel Sirkes ("Bayis Hadash," § 127) to the effect that Jews may employ in their religious services the melodies used in Christian churches, "since music is neither Jewish nor Christian, and is governed by universal laws."
_	Sayings to the effect that Shitou and Mazu Daoyi were the two great masters of their day date from decades after their respective deaths.
_	Socrates defends this verdict in "Apology" to the effect that he, at least, knows that he knows nothing.
_	After quoting a remark attributed to Lord Chief Justice HALE, to the effect that when private property is 'affected with a public interest it ceases to be "juris privati" only,' the court says:
_	However the effect that can be produced in this way is very limited.
_	The Emperor had a divine revelation in his dream to the effect that there was a person named Kowakubi in the province of Musashi and a person called Koromono-ko in the province of Kawachi.
_	The introduction of motorized pumps has led to a considerable decrease of the groundwater table, with the effect that many wells have dried up.
_	But after he wrote his will, on 12 September 1677 he seemed to have second thoughts and made a codicil to the will to the effect that if John or any family member were to trouble his daughter Patience or her heirs, the will would be void.
_	W. E. Cullen, the American Commissioner, said at the extradition hearing at Helena: although the "preponderance of testimony is  to the effect that the Indians commenced the firing ... they were doubtlessly provoked to this by the apparently hostile attitudes of the whites ...
_	The song is widely known for its popular guitar solo containing a vinyl scratch effect used by Tom Morello, done by toggling between two pickups--one on and one off--while rubbing his hands on the strings over the pickups to create the effect that someone is scratching a vinyl disc.
_	Finally, International Crisis Group issued a brief in 2003 to the effect that the de-Ba'athification policy created serious challenges to the legitimacy of any future government, unless all Iraqis, except those guilty of crimes, are allowed to participate in the government.
_	Randall Milliken (1995:24–26) stated in 1995 that there were eight dialects, citing missionary-linguist Felipe Arroyo de la Cuesta to the effect that the idioms seemed distinct as one traveled from mission to mission, but actually formed a dialect chain from one neighboring local tribe to another.
_	Three parties — the Conservatives, the Bloc Québécois and the NDP — opposed the inclusion of the Green Party, citing statements made by Green Party leader Elizabeth May to the effect that the best outcome of the election would be a Liberal-led government, and a deal struck between the Green Party and Liberals where the Liberals would not run in May's riding, Central Nova, and the Green party in Liberal leader Stéphane Dion's riding, Saint-Laurent—Cartierville, which they say make May a "second Liberal candidate".
_	A response was slow in coming; Truman was concerned about the effect that Anglo-American and Canadian talks might have on the Soviet Union.
_	The system originated from competitions sponsored by Japanese newspapers, and has the effect that major events are spread out over a whole year of preliminaries, with a matchplay final that takes place over a month or two.
_	As in the case of a king, he is not permitted to allow any one to omit the performance of any public act of reverence due to him, to the effect that the "Talmid Chacham" acts as a facilitator, because in him the Halakha is honored or slighted.
_	In 1639, noting that Parliament had not been summoned in England for a decade, the free men of Maryland passed an act to the effect that "assemblies were to be called once in every three years at the least", ensuring that their voices would be regularly heard.
_	Manning's efforts created a strong debate in the Reform party, and he would even write a letter to the effect that he didn't want to lead Reform anymore, but would only lead the new party.
_	On 16 September, BERR refused "The Register" request to release the full text of their reply to the European Commission, but released a statement to the effect that the UK authorities consider Phorm's products are capable of being operated in a lawful, appropriate and transparent fashion.
_	And beauty leaves us with endless and timeless beautiful pieces, and bearing an authentic engraved inscription on its contemporary frame to the effect that it represents the duke of Berwick at the age of twenty-nine in 1700.
_	There are also gaps in our knowledge about working and living in partial-G environments and the effect that wearing an EVA suit has on human performance in such an environment.
_	One such methodology, that also incorporated a Risk and Impact Assessment to account for the effect that BPR can have on jobs and operations, was described by Lon Roberts (1994).
_	An example of the effect that Merkez Türkiye would have on global trade is given in the project's video presentation, where the 50- to 55-day waiting time for goods to be transported from China to Baku in Azerbaijan is lowered to 15 hours via train when the goods reach Merkez Türkiye.
_	Where "The Following" is possessed of glib, nihilistic violence that means nothing beyond pushing the plot forward, "Hannibal" understands that for every moment of gore, there must be just as much consideration of the effect that gore has on those who must suffer on without the deceased (and those tasked to find the killer).
_	President of the Imperial Council and the Emperor's representative, then questioned them closely, producing replies to the effect that war would be considered only as a last resort from some, and silence from others.
_	A further concern is the effect that the stimulant-depressant combination has upon the heart.
_	Original plans to include an audiovisual simulation of the sinking were shelved after criticism to the effect that this would be in bad taste.
_	He is said to have sent a messenger to King Henry IV in Italy, in consequence of which the king promulgated an order throughout his realm to the effect that the Jews were not to be molested.
_	Although the author of PHPA chose to keep the project closed source in response to early concerns raised by Zeev Suraski of Zend Technologies about the effect that an open source rival might have on their commercial alternative, the availability of PHPA on a wide variety of platforms led to its extensive adoption worldwide from small sites to Yahoo!.
_	He clearly implies that this coalition could go on to embrace terrorism, paraphrasing Ilich Ramírez Sánchez, the Venezuelan terrorist known as "Carlos the Jackal" to the effect that "Islam is the only force capable of persuading large numbers of people to become 'volunteers' for suicide attacks against the US", and directly quoting him, "Only a coalition of Marxists and Islamists can destroy the US."
_	The result of this action was the effect that it had on public opinion surrounding the issue of the British garrison's presence in Australia; a gathering of citizens in Melbourne shortly after the incident at Eureka expressed a desire for the creation of a "constitution under which there would be no troops in the colony but for part-time citizens soldiers recruited from among the community".
_	When F. P. Dunst published the work in 1830, the publication included a statement to the effect that the work was Beethoven's, signed by Carl Czerny, Anton Diabelli and Ferdinand Ries.
_	Once when he was resting under an aśvastha (ficus religiosa) tree he happened to overhear a conversation between two Gandharvās on the tree to the effect that he would marry a certain, just then born, paraiya girl.
_	The core meaning is summed up in Pound's footnote to the effect that the History Classic contains the essentials of the Confucian view of good government.
_	Unfortunately to make the writing better visible Graves used a chemical solution and this had the effect that the writing related to the scribe and bishop is not readable any more.
_	Researchers have considered the effect that such chemicals can have on Siamese fighting fish.
_	He makes several snide remarks to the effect that Johnson resembles some kind of ape.
_	Evidence is available to the effect that five chieftains of Velanadu ruled over the country after which it was overrun by the Kakatiyas and became a part of their kingdom.
_	Two known as Everett and Williams went as far as drawing up a legally witnessed contract to the effect that they would split their ill-gotten gains after a year's work in 1725(8).
_	According to Geoffrey H. Wells: "referring to the question of autobiography in fiction, H. G. Wells has somewhere made a remark to the effect that it is not so much what one has done that counts, as where one has been, and the truth of that statement is particularly evident in this novel.
_	Gerald maintained that fear of the effect that his appointment would have on the national politics in Wales had prevented his appointment.
_	Syllables that aren't word-initial must have an initial consonant, though in roots like "ijo" (from Esperanto "io)" and "suwi" (ultimately from English "sweet)," that might be considered an orthographic convention, with the effect that glottal stop only marks word boundaries.
_	On 7 July 2016, the Internal Administration Committee of the Legislative Yuan (立法院內政委員會) discussed the abolition of Article 23 to the effect that no community agreements can deprive residents of the right to keep pet.
_	He recalls Roland telling him that he may be sent to the war at the end of the summer, and he fears the effect that will have on his sister.
_	Noticed by both the American scientist John LeConte and the English physicist William Fletcher Barrett, they recorded the effect that a shrill note had upon a gas flame issuing from a tapering jet.
_	In the Jones matrix formalism, the electromagnetic wave is described by a Jones vector with two orthogonal complex-valued entries for the electric field (typically formula_24 and formula_25), and the effect that an optical element (or sample) has on it is described by the complex-valued 2x2 Jones matrix.
_	During his meeting with Young, Goerdeler asked that Young convey a message to the British government, to the effect that London should apply diplomatic and economic pressure on Germany to cease the persecution of the Jews.
_	Moorcock's editorial included a quote from a radio interview with William Burroughs to the effect that "If writers are to describe the advanced techniques of the Space Age, they must invent writing techniques equally advanced in order properly to deal with them."
_	One study surveyed physician mothers and their physician daughters in order to analyze the effect that discrimination and harassment have on the individual and their career.
_	Several show business stars have been quoted to the effect that the moment when they knew they'd finally "made it" was when they saw themselves thus depicted in the pages of "Mad".
_	This might mean "To one like themselves they gave to drink," and may be construed as an allusion to an old rumor to the effect that these associate presidents were themselves lineal descendants of proselytes; or it might mean "They gave her a sham to drink."
_	Although this does not adversely affect the garment's functional utility, it has the effect that a used garment can be clearly, visually distinguished from a new one after only a small number of wearings or washings.
_	On receiving Soult's refusal to acknowledge the Provisional Government, Wellington sent him on 14 April a reply to the effect that no armistice would be granted until he made his submission; it was suspected that the Marshal wished to keep his army under his own hand for the purpose of Napoleonic intrigues.
_	At this point, the English, seeing that the remaining French infantry forces were slow to join the Scots in the attack (Pernoud quotes the "Journal du siege d'Orléans" to the effect that the remaining French forces "came on in a cowardly fashion, and did not join up with the constable and the other foot soldiers"), decided themselves to go on a counterattack.
_	There is a local legend to the effect that Kennedy, weary of paying such a high price for his gunlocks which he "imported" from a New York factory, made a trip on horseback to the latter factory, where he found that the secret method used in making the locks was carefully guarded.
_	The aggadah at the beginning of the midrash, to the effect that the Jews had suffered ten exiles, was cited, with the formula "Our teachers have taught," by R. Ẓemaḥ Gaon in his letter addressed to the community of Kairwan in the latter part of the 9th century.
_	The small village of Titchwell shows the effect that wildlife visitors can have locally.
_	Luttrell was himself the subject of one of his friend Sydney Smith's best known lines, to the effect that his idea of heaven was "eating paté de foie gras to the sound of trumpets".
_	In February 1934, Llewellyn-Jones issued a statement to the effect that he would not stand again at the next general election on the grounds of age and the need for new blood in the constituency.
_	Instead the court ruled that diminished responsibility required the existence of an abnormality of mind which had the effect that the accused's ability to determine or control his actings was substantially impaired.
_	It was a year of unprecedented disaster to vessels; many were foundered, or went down in the gales; the best nautical opinion is to the effect that the "Pacific" struck an iceberg, and that all on board met an instant death.
_	After her Facebook page was taken down, she posted an Instagram message to the effect that she had left home definitively.
_	The advice of Nesbitt as recalled by Denis McFadden – a barrister in the A-G's office – was to the effect that IIU's entry was not a material change and merely amounted to "equity finance".
_	The court found that "the California 8 percent oil content requirement has been maintained and applied against Florida-grown avocados, as the result of pressure from the California avocado industry, for the purpose . . . of excluding competition from Florida avocados in California markets," and the statute has been "maintained and applied to operate, and in fact has operated, as an embargo against Florida-grown avocados" with the effect that it "has caused higher avocado prices to California consumers by preventing the sale of competitive Florida fruit."
_	It was during this period that he came to public attention after the general manager of the Great Northern Railway Company, John Bagwell, was kidnapped by anti-treaty forces, on hearing of the kidnapping Hogan issued a proclamation to the effect that if he was not safely released, reprisals would be taken against anti-treaty prisoners in custody.
_	In July that same year, in response to WikiLeaks' release of a secret suppression order made by the Victorian Supreme Court, media lawyers were quoted in the Australian media to the effect that "anyone who tweets a link to the Wikileaks report, posts it on Facebook, or shares it in any way online could also face charges".
_	This represented a significant shift from Buffett's previous statements, to the effect that most of his fortune would pass to his Buffett Foundation.
_	Prompted by a supporting comment from Leigh-Mallory, to the effect that it did not matter when an interception was made, as long as it accounted for a large number of enemy aircraft, Bader announced that he would rather destroy 50 German bombers after hitting their targets than 10 before.
_	He defended the North Carolina courts, quoting the Supreme Court in "Sumner v. Mata" to the effect that state judges were also required to swear to uphold the Constitution and should be presumed capable of doing so despite differences of interpretation.
_	Starting in 1956, in San Francisco, when many neighborhood activists became aware of the effect that freeway construction was having on local neighborhoods, effective city opposition to many freeway routes in many cities was raised; this led to the modification or cancellation of many proposed routes.
_	Tolkien later revised this internal history to the effect that the Elves
_	The papal bull issued by Pope Innocent IV in April 1250, to the effect that Jews might not build a new synagogue without special permission, also made it illegal for Jews to proselytize, under pain of death and confiscation of property.
_	This has the effect that the cracking pressure of a surface supplied demand valve will vary slightly with depth, so some manufacturers provide a manual adjustment knob on the side of the demand valve housing to adjust spring pressure on the downstream valve, which controls the cracking pressure.
_	All members of the Paris Club agree to act as a group in their dealings with a given debtor country and be sensitive to the effect that the management of their particular claims may have on the claims of other members.
_	This had the effect that boundaries of Reddish were described by the boundaries of the manor of Manchester, with the exception of that with Cheshire, which was the River Tame.
_	A courtship ensues and Mohini extracts promises from the king to the effect that she will stay with him only as long as he grants her every wish and never thwarts her in anything.
_	Unlike with biofluorescence, here the electron retains stability in the forbidden triplet state (unpaired spins), with a longer delay in emitting light resulting in the effect that it continues to “glow-in-the-dark” even long after the stimulating light source has been removed.
_	However, the effect that an increase in nominal money balances has on seignorage is ambiguous, as while it increases the amount of money within the economy, the real value of each unit of money decreases due to inflationary effects.
_	Perhaps because of his financial problems a notice to the effect that Twist had lost the confidence of his company but refused to resign and was removed as Captain of the Southern Rifles in a unanimous vote was published in the Los Angeles Star on September 5, 1857.
_	To add the effect that a storm is outside the building, the production crew placed rain machines outdoors and flashing lights to simulate lightning.
_	For example, there were widespread rumors in the Army to the effect that people on the homefront were slacking off.
_	In 1972, after receiving a tip to the effect that Democratic presidential candidate George McGovern's running mate, Missouri Senator Thomas Eagleton, had had shock treatments, Boyd and his Knight Newspapers colleague Clark Hoyt did some investigating.
_	This Article has the effect that any Ordinance that contravenes the Basic Law shall be null and void.
_	During a show in Toronto on May 7, 2011, Rayna Ford, a fan from Conception Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador, called out for Simon to play the song, and said something to the effect that she learned to play guitar on the song.
_	There is a legend which seems to be of Jewish origin, and which was adopted by the Copts, to the effect that Michael was first sent by God to bring Nebuchadnezzar (c. 600 BC) against Jerusalem, and that Michael was afterward very active in freeing his nation from Babylonian captivity.
_	In November, formal complaints were made against Bingham for having provoked the rebellion, but a declaration was signed by 43 Mayo gentleman to the effect that the cause of the rebellion had been the extinction of the MacWilliam title and the suppression of exactions to be replaced with a central composition.
_	Defense attorney Fred Moore presented affidavits and testimony by three prosecution witnesses, to the effect that they had been coerced into identifying Sacco at the scene of the crime.
_	In the latter case, some strong dissents to the effect that limiting expenditure on political advertising in the electronic media might actually "enhance" representative democracy did not prevail.
_	Merovingian descent from a Trojan ancestor was embodied in a literary myth first established in Fredegar's chronicle (2.4, 3.2.9), to the effect that the Franks were of Trojan stock and adopted their name from King Francio, who had built a new Troy on the banks of the river Rhine (modern Treves).
_	All available information so far is to the effect that they were Jews.
_	It is possible to study these viral interactions with host cells because of the ability that scientists have to produce mutations in the viral genome and analyze the effect that it has on the host cell.
_	Grimassi shares in common, in his books, the general "Witch-cult hypothesis" that appears in the writings of Charles G. Leland ("Aradia, or the Gospel of the Witches", 1899), a theory to the effect that European witchcraft was the continuation of an ancient pre-Christian form.
_	They were concerned about the effect that reduced air pressure might have on the organs of the delicate female body and loss of consciousness, plus the moral implications of flying in such close proximity.
_	At hearing this, the king agreed and sent orders to the effect that Jewish exiles should be conducted only to Mawza'.
_	On that basis, the originating court endorsed the trial court's ruling to the effect that X's Trademark fell under Item (xv), and it dismissed X's application with prejudice on the merits.
_	The NTSB considered the possibilities of a malfunction of the rudder power control unit servo (which might have caused the rudder to reverse) and the effect that powerful rotor winds from the nearby Rocky Mountains may have had, but there was not enough evidence to prove either hypothesis.
_	Another prediction was made to the effect that Atal Bihari Vajpayee would return to the power in 2004.
_	He relates examples of patients saying that they felt their smile had a large effect on whether they were hired or not, and that their superiors had stressed the effect that good smiles had on customers.
_	There is an annotation on the cover of the draft to the effect that in this movement "The Devil dances with me", and at the very end Mahler wrote "Ah!
_	Barfield disagrees with this portrayal of the primitive mind, citing anthropologists Émile Durkheim and Lucien Lévy-Brühl to the effect that primitive people do not perceive the world in the same way as moderns, nor do they propose spirits in an explanatory way as causes.
_	For example, it is not possible to apply the "Italian Law on Ports" in the extraterritorial free zones of the UN Free Port of Trieste with the effect that all actual territorial concessions are null and void.
_	G. T. Armstrong later reported in a sermon that he did not want to be a minister, to which his father answered something to the effect that because he did not want to enter the ministry that was a sign that he should.
_	The graph below shows the effect that these two events had on insurance premiums.
_	To show the calculation of a state's delegation, and the effect that both population and GOP success within a state has on the delegation's size, the following examples (for the 2016 convention) are provided for three states: Texas, California, and Wyoming.
_	In ancient Indian texts, the theory of "Samskara" explains how and why human beings remember things, and the effect that memories have on people's suffering, happiness and contentment.
_	This has the effect that terms differing only by type annotations can nonetheless be assigned different meanings.
_	The Hasmonean Dynasty was founded by a resolution, adopted in 141 BCE, at a large assembly "of the priests and the people and of the elders of the land, to the effect that Simon should be their leader and high priest forever, until there should arise a faithful prophet".("1 Macc. 14:41") Recognition of the new dynasty by the Roman Republic was accorded by the Senate about 139 BCE, when the delegation of Simon was in Rome.
_	Lastly, to respond to charges that this was potentially an indiscriminate application of the exclusionary rule, he quoted from one of Powell's own opinions, in "Hampton v. United States" to the effect that at some point a case where the Court would have to take a stand against abusive investigative methods.
_	However, Philip Cosores of "Paste" rated the album a 6.0 out of 10, and found that the album "is easy to excuse, only to the effect that the more you excuse its deficiencies, the more you realize you are making excuses for it.
_	The final part of the film replays an edited version of the fight, intended to illustrate the effect that the process of editing has on the construction of anthropological knowledge.
_	The case had the effect that such impositions were extended, giving the Treasury a "windfall".
_	The investigation into the fates of individuals has had the effect that individual victims of Nazism have been considered in terms of their personal significance in more detail than previously, and have begun to be viewed in their historical contexts, regardless of their status as victims.
_	Trust applied to the courts for a declaration to the effect that:
_	When the latter left the company in 1778, however, Rosalie Levasseur was preferred and Beaumesnil protested publicly in a letter to the "Journal de Paris" on 27 December to the effect that she had suffered an act of injustice.
_	In 2003 the Inland Revenue and the BVCA entered into a new agreement which had the effect that, notwithstanding the new legislation, most carried-interest gains continued to be taxed as capital gains and not as income.
_	William Lloyd Garrison acknowledged the effect that Allen's letters to America had attracted.
_	RAOs are effectively transfer functions used to determine the effect that a sea state will have upon the motion of a ship through the water, and therefore, for example, whether or not (in the case of cargo vessels) the addition of cargo to the vessel will require measures to be taken to improve stability and prevent the cargo from shifting within the vessel.
_	However, Petty and Cacioppo noticed a major problem facing attitude and persuasion researchers to the effect that there was minimal agreement regarding "if, when, and how the traditional source, message, recipient, and channel variables affected attitude change".
_	Nevertheless, as Spang has shown, there persists a very widespread agreement to the effect that the French Revolution was the watershed between the premodern and modern eras of Western history.
_	Company filed a complaint with Colonel S. W. Roessler, U.S. engineer, to the effect that the stream was being blocked by overuse by loggers and millmen, blocking navigation for hours and even days.
_	Simultaneously the President of the German Reich Friedrich Ebert issued a proclamation, countersigned by the chancellor, Konstantin Fehrenbach, to the effect that the Allies had occupied areas of Germany in defiance to the Treaty of Versailles and that they would not object to outside help in the matter.
_	Though having unique stories, each race's special missions all contribute expository information on the fate of a race known as the Organians and the effect that their departure from known space has since caused.
_	After meeting with stubborn resistance, he retired, presumably believing in an ancient prophesy to the effect that two attempts were required for the capture of Chiang Mai.
_	This has the effect that experienced characters can fight longer and cast more spells but they may still be inflicted serious wounds by a direct hit.
_	The original song's introduction contained a sample of Another Bad Creation's song "Playground" which was followed by a scratching sound giving the effect that their record was being taken off to play "Jump".
_	However, Vartox and Lana are forced to part once again—the effect that would have let her live on Tynola was apparently linked to the pertrification effect, and both are transferred away when Lana was "cured".
_	Barbarika had obtained a boon from Krishna to the effect that he would be known by Krishna's own name ("Shyam") in the Kaliyuga era (presently ongoing) and worshiped.
_	Rabbi David Melammed, a "meshulach" of Hebron, rendered a decision to the effect that inasmuch as the representative Jews of Hebron were held under bail for taxes and other indebtedness of the community, they came under the category of "captives held for ransom," whose claims, therefore, took precedence over all other charitable matters having a special fund for disposal, and were not a perversion of charity (his responsa, in Ezekiel Silva's "Mayim Hayyim," Amsterdam, 1718).
_	Upon his reinstatement in office, the friends would have returned; but he closed his doors to them, and posted a notice to the effect that true friendship endures even through poverty and disgrace.
_	On 18 March 1226, Pope Honorius issued a letter to the effect that the name of William (Fitzherbert), formerly Archbishop of York, was "inscribed in the catalogue of the Saints of the Church Militant."
_	An Argentine reporter claimed that he had seen a Buenos Aires provincial police report to the effect that a strange submarine had surfaced off the lower Argentine coast and had landed a high-ranking officer and a civilian who might have been Adolf Hitler and Eva Braun in disguise. , that arrived in Mar del Plata on 17 August, was also accused of sinking "Bahia"; however, an inquiry eventually found that the cruiser had been sunk due to a gunnery accident.
_	Either way, this was another significant break from established customs, as Fatih Sultan Mehmed had specifically issued a decree to the effect that no women would be allowed to reside in the same building where government affairs were conducted.
_	Several of the names and items in the story are references to (or puns on) terms associated with the sport of cricket, with the effect that the sport is jokingly portrayed as having cosmic antiquity and significance.
_	They built a story around them, added Dorothy, and added a series of lessons to the effect that everyone possesses the resources they need (such as brains, a heart and courage) if only they had self-confidence.
_	While Cummings was in captivity at La Ferté-Macé, his father received an erroneous letter to the effect that his son had been lost at sea.
_	In a study published on April 18, 2007, by Yale professors Alan Gerber, Dean Karlan, and Daniel Bergan, citizens were given a subscription to either the conservative-leaning "Washington Times" or the liberal-leaning "Washington Post" to see the effect that media has on voting patterns.
_	Her mother tells her that she has given up a lot for her daughter, and C.C. starts to understand when her mother tells her the effect that her selfishness has had on those closest to her.
_	This has the effect that all the properties of formula_104 are really properties of formula_63, and the verification of formula_54 in formula_104 becomes straightforward.
_	In his 2004 book, Ball summarizes this to the effect that "to develop a physics of society, we must take a bold step that some might regard as a leap of faith and others as preposterous idealization: particles become people."
_	Marianne Moore favored a comparison to Rousseau, likening the effect that Stevens was trying to achieve with "Rousseau's paintings of banana leaves and alligators".
_	The Catawba also sued the federal government in the United States Claims Court on the theory that the BIA had misrepresented the effect that the termination act would have on tribe's land claim.
_	"I did not make any such statement as that published in the New York Herald to the effect that spirits of the departed do not control me ...
_	Its report also found evidence against Jagdish Tytler "to the effect that very probably he had a hand in organising attacks on Sikhs".
_	In the Chapel Royal Cheque Book is an entry, signed by the sub-dean, to the effect that on 5 Nov. 1707 Croft was admitted into the organist's place, ‘now become void by the death of Mr. Jeremiah Clerk,’ and in Barrett's ‘English Church Composers’ (p. 106) is a statement that the books of the vicars-choral of St. Paul's contain an entry to the effect that on ‘November ye first, Mr. Jerry Clarke deceased this life.’
_	However, since Smith never issued an official revelation to the effect that Independence and the Temple Lot were the site of the Garden of Eden, Latter Day Saints (other than some adherents of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints) traditionally do not formally accept this claim as doctrine.
_	When Wilmot arrived at Acre, Smith quoted the Articles of War to the effect that His Majesty’s ships were required to assist a known friend in need; he commandeered "Alliance" while Wilmot agreed with enthusiasm.
_	During the 1968 invasion of Czechoslovakia, when Ceauşescu feared Romania would be invaded next, an official relayed to him that a prophecy had been made by a Pentecostal believer in Vicovu de Sus to the effect that the country's borders were protected by angels.
_	Replying on R.D. Banerji's statement, in his paper on the "Palas of Bengal", to the effect that Ramapala was succeeded by his second son Kumara Pala about 1097 A.D.
_	He had a pet grey tabby cat named Thatcher; when the cat died on November 10, 2009, a message sent by Baird using his Blackberry which said "Thatcher has died" resulted in a false rumour to the effect that Margaret Thatcher had died.
_	A Tyrrhenian/Etruscan substratum was proposed on the basis of (firstly) statements by Thucydides, to the effect that Tyrrhenian languages were spoken in an area including Athens, before the Tyrrhenians were expelled to the island of Lemnos, and (secondly) the Lemnos funerary stele: four pottery sherds inscribed in Etruscan that were found in 1885 at Ephestia in Lemnos.
_	In a 1973 criminal trial, Arabian declined to instruct the jury to treat skeptically the victim's testimony--to the effect that a rape charge "is easily made and, once made, difficult to defend against"--an instruction the state Supreme Court had ruled was mandatory.
_	Anti-Christian polemics were, uniquely to Europe, published in Amsterdam and Eisenmenger's anger was aroused when Lida quoted Rabbi Isaiah ben Abraham Horowitz to the effect that the archangel Samael, king of the devils, was a celestial representation of Christians.
_	It was devised to address the drift of most talented Australian rules players to the Victorian Football League (VFL) and the effect that this had on interstate matches.
_	Each licensee was required to provide a notice to the effect that purchasing the control confers a license for one installation of the Freeman heating system.
_	Opinions differ on Scott's mood at the time of departure; Masefield quoted F. A. de V. Robertson of "Flight" to the effect that Scott's final words before departure were "The ship is really good now.
_	The environmental impact of agriculture is the effect that different farming practices have on the ecosystems around them, and how those effects can be traced back to those practices.
_	To support his claims, Abdullah al-Aftah seems to have claimed a 2nd Nass from his father (following Ismā'īl's demise) and his adherents cited a supposed "Hadith" from Ja'far al-Sadiq to the effect that the Imamate must be transmitted through the eldest son of the Imam.
_	The salience of an election, the effect that a vote will have on policy, and its proportionality, how closely the result reflects the will of the people, are two structural factors that also likely have important effects on turnout.
_	The applicants relied on case law to the effect that the absence of clear parameters in the letter of appointment renders the appointment overboard and inconsistent with the rule of law entrenched in section 1 of the Constitution.
_	Late in the 19th century the common meaning shifted to being applied to ordinary objects and jewellery without connotations of supernatural, merely upon the effect that it has on appearance.
_	The fatal accidents at Southall in 1997 and Ladbroke Grove in 1999 called into question the effect that the fragmentation of the railway network had had on both safety and maintenance procedures.
_	They argue that the debate "was reduced to the social sphere, only a matter of worker solidarity and of opposition to liberalization measures", with the effect that "The necessity of urgently reducing CO emissions, and therefore of starting to put an end to perverse subsidies worldwide, was omitted from public debate."
_	The play and the film depict the effect that AIDS, then a fairly new epidemic, has on a group of friends living in New York City.
_	Euler’s pump and turbine equations can be used to predict the effect that
_	She played Rosie in various minor storylines, most notably portraying the effect that parental separation has upon a child, leading to a spell as a school bully.
_	She founded Stamhuset Gieasegaard in her will with the effect that the land could not be sold or divided between heirs.
_	Army and Navy leaders were forced to testify before Congress to the effect that the nation's military was in excellent shape.
_	Arriva's acquisition of MTL significantly increased its presence within Merseyside's bus market with the effect that Aintree based CMT Buses remained its only meaningful competitor.
_	Important conclusions included that "the Commission does not consider that Article 9 (Art. 9) of the Convention can be used to circumvent existing planning legislation, provided that in the proceedings under that legislation, adequate weight is given to freedom of religion" and "statements in letters sent by Ministers and an official [..] to the effect that the decision on ISKCON's appeal against the enforcement notice was based on the relevant land-use planning grounds and that "the religious aspects of the Society's activities at Bhaktivedanta Manor were not relevant".
_	The onus is squarely on the writer to determine how much profanity to use, to enquire as to each publisher's limits, and to think about the effect that the use of profanity will have on the reader, both in perceiving the characters and in possibly being offended by the story as a whole.
_	The study also tested the effect that immediacy had on social impact.
_	In March 1959, the educational system was again altered to the effect that henceforth pupils had to register explicitly for bilingual education.
_	The KPMG Institute for Corporate Governance led by Professor Wayne Shaw, focuses on the effect that corporate ethics and decision making has on the balance sheet.
_	Provision is made in the agreement and declaration of the trust to the effect that when new trustees are elected, the trust estate shall vest in them without further conveyance.
_	His main areas of research are the appearance of sex, violence and other objectionable contents on television programs and commercials and the effect that this appearance has on our perception of daily life.
_	Item 510 demands that boilerplate be included in registration statements to the effect that "Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, the registrant has been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is therefore unenforceable."
_	In December 2012, they released a joint statement to the effect that they recognized that the market is a global one and "firmly support the adoption and enforcement of robust and consistent standards in and across jurisdictions", with the goals of mitigating risk, improving transparency, protecting against market abuse, preventing regulatory gaps, reducing the potential for arbitrage opportunities, and fostering a level playing field for market participants.
_	Looking back at the conservative musical establishment who would often insist a musical piece had to eventually return to its original key, Ives drew an analogy and stated to the effect that this made as much sense as being born and dying in the same place.
_	She often expresses her desire to become a nun, but the effect that act would have on her son’s future plagues her mind and prevents her from ever taking Buddhist vows.
_	However, Julian refuses to allow Eve to turn Vincent, fearing the effect that the bad publicity will have on Crane Industries, even though Vincent twice raped Fancy and framed her boyfriend, Luis, for the rapes, along with two murders and arson.
_	Rumors to the effect that Laughner was despondent, even suicidal, at the time of his death have been contradicted by Laughner's last known message, written and mailed to Cleveland singer Ruby Port on the evening prior to his death.
_	J G Frazer, in his study of magic and superstition in "The Golden Bough", has speculated to the effect that rings can serve, in the "primitive mind", as devices to prevent the soul from leaving the body and to prevent demons from gaining entry.
_	Verwoerd issued a statement the next day to the effect that the move would not affect South Africa's relationship with the United Kingdom.
_	Even so, his focus is always on the effect that environmental issues have on people, such as the villages in Kenya, not necessarily the effects on the landscape or on the political situation.
_	He also expressed disgust at rumours that circulated in the Irish media and elsewhere over the past decade, or so, to the effect that he accepted large payments which he categorically told the Tribunal was not the case.
_	He concludes that 'what Ballard saw, and what he expressed in his novels, was nothing less than the effect that the technological world, including our built environment, was having upon our minds and bodies.
_	This effect remained a mystery because nobody realised, until 1948, that Bray had observed minority carrier injection - the effect that was identified by William Shockley at Bell Labs and made the transistor a reality.
_	They refer to the disclaimers by Engels (see historical materialism) to the effect that while Marx and himself had focused a lot on the economic aspects, they were very aware that this did "not" in fact constitute the totality of society or of social life.
_	The Internet has broadened the effect that the digital age has on journalism.
_	There are competing opinions about the effect that a company's rating has on its business.
_	Several witnesses testified that he had deliberately stabbed at Dangerfield's eye, and there was also evidence that he said something to the effect that "he would save the hangman the trouble of killing Dangerfield".
_	The term "shock and awe" is most consistently used by Ullman and Wade as the effect that rapid dominance seeks to impose upon an adversary.
_	Vardaraja draws attention to Panini’s statement referred to at St.152 to the effect that after whatsoever there is an affix (pratyaya) enjoined, let what begins therewith, in the form in which it appears when the affix follows it, be called an inflective base (anga) e.g. in the case of addressing two or more persons of the same name, say - Rama, the Ramas need not be addressed as "Oh two Ramas" but the " -s" is to be dropped without change in meaning (intention) and addressed as "Oh Rama" which would suffice the intended purpose.
_	In the cable news yesterday was an item to the effect that the "New 'York Herald" announced that a plan was taking shape to link the important islands of the Pacific by wireless telegraphy.
_	Many readers posted comments to the effect that the astronomical cost of higher education in a time when there was no guarantee of a job after graduation made its value considerably more suspect than Cuellar suggested.
_	Scotty Hendricks, a contributing writer to BigThink.com, notes that popular science writers might have to start considering the effect that their work has on the general public.
_	On 11 February, she was struck off the list by decision of the Riga Election Commission, on the basis of an opinion issued by the State Language Board (SLB) to the effect that she did not have the required proficiency in the official language.
_	In order to gain an idea of the effect that large freshwater fluxes into the ocean would have on global ocean circulation, numerical modeling is needed.
_	On 12 August 2011 the IPCC announced that in the immediate aftermath of the incident they may have given misleading information to journalists to the effect that shots were exchanged between Duggan and the police.
_	In an open letter to the editor of the Sunday Times newspaper, in reply to an article published on 15 April 2007, the Norwegian Ambassador to Sri Lanka, Hans Brattskar also "categorically refuted allegations made by a Norwegian national, who happened to be a convicted murderer and his organization Norwegians Against Terrorism, to the effect that Norway has funded terrorism." also stating that "Unfortunately, similar allegations based on the very same source, have lately also been published and broadcast by other parts of the Sri Lankan media."
_	The theme of hatred is addressed directly at the opening of Canto CXIV, where Voltaire is quoted to the effect that he hates nobody, not even his archenemy Elie Fréron.
_	However, he felt unable to accept that Wikborg Rein could be liable for loss relating to enforcement and credit risks given that their advice had been to the effect that the Kommunes could not be forced to pay.
_	This is the effect that the invention accomplishes:
_	So the only worry, especially on the West Coast and California, is the effect that may have on my writing, and whether I would be all happy and full of vitamins."
_	Allegations were made in the 1990s to the effect that suitcase nuclear bombs had been developed by Israel during the 1970s.
_	During or just after that attack, word reached TF 38 to the effect that Japan had capitulated.
_	Over 100 late antique and medieval Vulgate texts also include the concocted "Epistle to the Laodiceans" (accepted as a genuine letter of Paul by many Latin commentators), although often with a note to the effect that it was not counted as canonical.
_	He apparently kept insisting on the establishment of a French fort in Tenasserim, with the effect that negotiations were broken off without any result.
_	Mr Goss also gave evidence to the effect that Mr Haddon had separately told him that the loan had been paid off.
_	In the course of proving the main result to the effect that every cubic form in 54 variables over any algebraic number field "K" had a non-trivial zero over that field, he had also simplified the earlier method of Siegel.
_	In January 2007, he decided to make "Poo" (Flower), after being inspired by the romantic short story of Veyilodu Poi written by Thamizh Selvan, noting that the effect that the story had on him was "Mind-blowing" and decided that he had "to take the story to everyone".
_	The editors of "Science" subsequently attached an "Editorial Expression of Concern" to the report to the effect that the validity of the study ""is now seriously in question"".
_	The Parula colormap also has the effect that when plotted in grayscale, the colors also map to a smooth gradient from dark to light grey.
_	On 26 October, the Polish government-in-exile issued instructions to the effect that if diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union were not resumed before the Soviet entry into Poland, Home Army forces were to remain underground pending further decisions.
_	In order to determine the effect that changing the purity has on the perceived hue, it is important that purity be the only variable in the experiment; luminance must be kept constant.
_	The Hanafi hadith scholar Ali al-Qari stated that, ""Amongst the Hanbalis, Ibn Taymiyya has gone to an extreme by prohibiting travelling to visit the Prophet – may God bless him and grant him peace"" Qastallani stated that ""The Shaykh Taqi al-Din Ibn Taymiyya has abominable and odd statements on this issue to the effect that travelling to visit the Prophet is prohibited and is not a pious deed.""
_	Carbon leakage is the effect that regulation of emissions in one country/sector has on the emissions in other countries/sectors that are not subject to the same regulation.
_	The first was to the effect that his wife had unsuccessfully attempted to cancel the ill-fated training flight because of a variety of adverse factors including her student's fatigue.
_	Bishop Liutprand of Cremona gives an account similar to those about Caliph Harun al-Rashid, to the effect that Leo would sometimes disguise himself and go about Constantinople looking for injustice or corruption.
_	One of the factors that must be taken into account when designing a high-speed wing is compressibility, which is the effect that acts upon a wing as it approaches and passes through the speed of sound.
_	According to Eldar, “a significant part of the book’s strength lies in the effect that is naturally created when a foreign correspondent describes the reality of your life and surroundings.
_	According to the Encyclopedia of Laser Physics and Technology, photodarkening is the effect that the optical losses in a medium can grow when the medium is irradiated with light at certain wavelengths.
_	The fundamental result here is Gauss's theorema egregium, to the effect that Gaussian curvature is an intrinsic invariant.
_	The way in which this agreement was written into the Constitution, was to the effect that the condition of education in each colony (or territory) at the time it entered Confederation would be constitutionally protected thereafter.
_	"After the shoot, as the spectators approached the target area to observe the effect that had been produced Livens noticed that one drum containing 100lb of ammonal had failed to explode, and he called out "Back everybody" as he led a hasty retreat.
_	In their briefs, the parties disputed whether there was a First Circuit precedent to the effect that sexual orientation as a classification is subject to intermediate scrutiny.
_	I never made comments to the effect that I had credit (genius) taken from me...
_	An early reference of dubious historicity is reported by Johannes Letzner, who cites "Conradus Fontanus" (an otherwise unknown authority) to the effect that one Curtis von Meinbrechthausen, a knight of Saxony, in 1169 after committing a murder lost his rank and arms, described as an eight-pointed star beneath a chevron.
_	On 26 Novembre 1761, the archbishop gave a speech before the Estates of Langdoc, to the effect that they should
_	The defendant had used words to the effect that, by way of explanation to the plaintiff, he would not put the claimants name into a title deed ("On the deeds") yet as it would be prejudicial towards matrimonial proceedings between the claimant and her husband ("your divorce").
_	At Morkill further orders were received to the effect that Third 39 was late, and Fourth 39 was eight hours late.
_	Under Alexander the Great and the Egyptian Ptolemies the town developed into one of the great centers in the Aegean; Josephus quotes Strabo to the effect that Mithridates was sent to Kos to fetch the gold deposited there by queen Cleopatra of Egypt.
_	was to the effect that Fotoplate would exhibit to Golden Cape Fruits some "rough proofs" of the plates (or positives) for approval, amendment or rejection.
_	From 1956-1969, and in the liturgical books of 1962 which are currently in use as the extraordinary form of the Roman Rite, these services have been 'restored' to the early morning of the last three days of Holy Week, with the effect that complex musical settings of this text are rarely heard in their authentic liturgical context.
_	Roberts released a statutory declaration to the effect that he is only an Australian citizen, despite birth records showing that he had previously been identified as a British national.
_	"The Confessions of Winifred Wagner" had upset the descendants of Wagner, which had the effect that Syberberg was not allowed to use any existing recording of the opera for the soundtrack of "Parsifal".
_	However, there are important individual examples of the effect that are informative.
_	It is about a company of actors who stage a dramatization of the story of Joan of Arc, and the effect that the story has on them.
_	Sgt. Tomas Sabaybunot receives orders from higher command to the effect that he has to undergo military retraining under Article of War 105.
_	They computer-machined around 300, Bar Rashi commented later to the effect that he was unhappy with the manufacturing.
_	The only source he cared to mention for Ibn Sīnā’s cogitations on the “realities,” the "Ta'liqāt" contained an unusually candid remark to the effect that man was incapable of knowing the realities of things.
_	The Tour organisation had invented this rule to make the flat stages more competitive, but it had the effect that the public stopped following the race.
_	The Academy has recently been criticized to the effect that membership and activities are based on academic cronyism and political favor rather than on scientific and artistic merit.
_	Subsequently on the 18 January 1642, perhaps prompted by the King’s attempt on the 4 January to arrest the Five Members of parliament, the Speaker, William Lenthall, sent out a letter to the effect that all males of eighteen or over should take the oath.
_	Frances Yates comments on this hypothetical group, supposedly including also George Chapman as the author of "Shadow of Night", as arguably part of Ralegh's circle, to the effect that they would be "Saturnians" in the sense of her study.
_	The accident led to a number of studies into the effect that ice has on aircraft, and several recommendations into prevention techniques.
_	Later Biblical prophets occasionally make statements to the effect that the hearts of the people were more important than their sacrifices - "Does the LORD delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices as much as in obeying the voice of the LORD?
_	In recent years a Byelaw was introduced to the effect that practising members are responsible for undertaking continuing professional development, defined in the Byelaws as:
_	The Gulf Council was concerned about the effect that the removal of structures serving as artificial reef habitat may have on reef fish fisheries in the region.
_	OneThingCloud, the best partner of mobile phones, can help users enjoy the effect that the mobile phone’s memory is expanded for hundred times.
_	After each of the captains had carried the baton, the last of the captains handed the baton to Ron Barassi, who walked on a semi submerged pontoon, giving the effect that he was walking on water (some commentators joked that the stunt "proved what most of us suspected").
_	He is also in the process of writing his autobiography with heavy emphasis on his time with the Sir Douglas Quintet and the effect that experience had on his life.
_	The Fiji "Times and Herald" quoted at the time from an "impeccable source" to the effect that "Joyita" had passed through a fleet of Japanese fishing boats during its trip and "had observed something the Japanese did not want them to see."
_	He brought back an answer to the effect that attendance at the heretical worship would be a great sin.
_	It's also important to show the effect that these deaths have on our other characters.
_	Consider in this light Darwin's own introduction to the first edition of "Origin"; also Nietzsche's critique to the effect that Darwinism, as typically understood, is trading in a new version of the Providential:
_	Within the framework of this Research Center social scientists and natural scientists study the effect that culture had on the successive expansions of humans out of Africa and across the Old World.
_	McGillivray and McTavish replied to the effect that it was not valid at Grand Portage.
_	Soon after Colvin's death, Lebanese intelligence claimed to have intercepted communications between Syrian Army officers to the effect that direct orders had been issued to target the makeshift press centre from which Colvin had been broadcasting.
_	Chêng issued a proclamation to the effect that Iyo was the ruler.
_	Newton said that the Black Panther Party's beliefs were greatly influenced by Malcolm X: "Therefore, the words on this page cannot convey the effect that Malcolm has had on the Black Panther Party, although, as far as I am concerned, the testament to his life work."
_	On the other hand, most laws used a "one drop of blood" criteria to the effect that one black ancestor legally put a person in the Black category.
_	For Berne, afterburn is the flip side of reachback, which is the effect that the event, thanks to the stress of anticipation, has on the person's life "before" it.
_	He was particularly interested in targeting South Carolina, the first state to secede from the Union, because of the effect that it would have on Southern morale.
_	On 23 December 1836, a letter was received to the effect that she was not coming and Loveless sailed from Van Diemen’s Land on 30 January 1837, arrived in England on 13 June 1837.
_	There is a tunnel full of optical illusions, a wooden replica of the Giant's Causeway in County Antrim, Northern Ireland and a room where items such as furniture become unusually large to give the effect that the visitor has become smaller in size.
_	He added that a new request was being submitted, increasing the number to be provided for up to 3000, and including a paragraph to the effect that if Fort Ord, Main Garrison is not available, the Presidio of Monterey would be made available.
_	In 2000, a newly declassified interview with Robert Johnson, who was the minutekeeper of the U.S. National Security Council at the time in question, revealed that U.S. President Eisenhower had said "something [to CIA chief Allen Dulles] to the effect that Lumumba should be eliminated."
_	However, the CEO only adopts the program because he wants to raise profits; he does not care about the effect that the action will have on the environment.
_	NTV's last public comment on the arrangement, at a CRTC hearing in 2002, was to the effect that it would expire at the end of the 2005-2006 season.
_	In holding thus, he quoted similar remarks made by the High Court of Australia in "Johnson v. Johnson" (2000), to the effect that impressions on the public must be considered since it is the public's confidence which has to be "won and maintained".
_	The event deals with the return of the original Batman after his journey through time and the effect that it has on a number of Gotham's heroes and villains, particularly upon Dick Grayson, who has been using his mentor's mantle since "Battle for the Cowl".
_	On 11 September, the Italian High Command sent two explicit instructions to Gandin, to the effect that "German troops have to be viewed as hostile" and that "disarmament attempts by German forces must be resisted with weapons".
_	In 1498, King John III of Navarre, under the influence of Ferdinand and Isabella, issued an edict to the effect that all Jews must either be baptized or leave the country.
_	According to collaborator Earl Shuman, one day while collaborating with Edwards in the Brill building, where publishers provided music rooms for the songwriters, Edwards left mid-song saying something to the effect that he "wasn't into the rock songs any more" and that he had an idea for a show and was going home to write it.
_	The Chinese, on the other hand, though poor, sent a courteous message to the effect that they did not require payment in money, but would be perfectly happy if I would give them, as a memento, copies of their photographs."
_	Historian E. P. Thompson calls his views 'quasi-pantheistic' in their re-definition of God and Christ, and quotes A. L. Morton to the effect that this is the central Ranter doctrine.
_	They passed resolutions to the effect that:
_	As to the Centre Party, these measures did not have the effect that Bismarck had in mind.
_	The Town Council were always a 'thorn' in the side of the Company and the origins of the problem was the interruption to traffic which the trains on the quay caused, together with the effect that the rails and the wooden blocks had upon horse-drawn traffic and the decision to build the railway as a standard-gauge line.
_	The chairman of BNOC wrote to the effect that he and his corporation are as well able to assess design quality as we are.
_	However, again, "Car" provided a counterpoint to the effect that the Volvo was as roomy, despite its shorter wheelbase.
_	It was to the effect that the writings of Chayun contained nothing which could be construed as offensive to Judaism.
_	It refers to the error of placing too much emphasis on the effect that a poem has on its audience when analyzing it.
_	Individuals are part of the class of plaintiffs if they are U.S. residents who purchased or received an iTunes Gift Card on which the card itself or its packaging contained language to the effect that songs were priced at $0.99 and who used the card to purchase one or more $1.29 songs from the iTunes Store on or before May 10, 2010.
_	An expert opinion, to the effect that certain conduct had been negligent, was not itself a fact, but, rather, evidence.
_	The Scottish also brought in reinforcements from England, inspired by the effect that Poborský and Brian Deane had in the team, when they joined in January.
_	Lawburrows was a letter in the monarch's name under the signet seal to the effect that a particular person had shown cause to dread harm from another, and that therefore this other complained of was commanded to find "sufficient caution and surety" that the complainer would be free from any violence on his part.
_	His ignorance of the Khazar state is odd, and may even have been disingenuous, given Joseph's statements to the effect that there had been communications between the two communities in the past.
_	The government compensated workers with 3.1% for the effect that the B.B.O. would have on the inflation for 2007.
_	Rumors had reached the Lithuanian government to the effect that Germany had specific plans to take over Klaipėda.
_	His body is reported to have been found in a "grievously mutilated" state which was interpreted to the effect that the devil had come to collect him in person by his clerical and scholarly enemies.
_	Lope de Vega in his poetic epitaph (1602) said to the effect that “Nature killed him because he stole its paintbrushes”.
_	When word of the curriculum became public, the Air Force in 1970 issued a statement to the effect that the book was outdated and that cadets instead were being informed of the Condon Report's negative conclusion.
_	This is the effect that provides the element of memory in a hard disk drive.
_	The purpose of the study was to reduce the effect that the creek's flooding had on nearby residential areas and also to stabilize the stream's banks.
_	On 8 July 1920, the two governments issued a joint statement to the effect that the alliance treaty "is not entirely consistent with the letter of that Covenant (of the League of Nations), which both Governments earnestly desire to respect".
_	Unlike American records, British records at the time carried a warning message around the edge of the record label in the centre of the record itself to the effect that: "Unauthorised public performance or broadcasting of this record is strictly prohibited."
_	Carlo Curti Gialdino (2005) has reconstructed the design process to the effect that Heitz's proposal contained varying numbers of stars, from which the version with twelve stars was chosen by the Committee of Ministers meeting at Deputy level in January 1955 as one out of two remaining candidate designs.
_	Nelly is an innocent 18-year-old becoming increasingly aware of the effect that her beauty has on the men of her little Swedish village.
_	After being inaugurated on September 1, 1884, Billini resisted Heureaux's efforts to manipulate him and Heureaux responded by spreading rumors to the effect that Billini had decreed a political amnesty so that he could conspire with ex-president Cesáreo Guillermo against Luperón's leadership of the Azules.
_	Colby rose and offered a resolution to the effect that it was the sense of this House that perpetual grants of monopolies to corporations should not be made.
_	Residents decried the effect that nudity would have on the morals of local youth, and the gay clubs were accused of bringing bestiality into the neighborhood.
_	She played Rosie in various minor storylines, most notably portraying the effect that parental separation has upon a child, leading to a spell as a school bully.
_	However, negative refraction is not the effect that creates invisibility-cloaking.
_	Serious allegations have emerged to the effect that the British government allowed up to 40 people to be killed via the IRA's Internal Security Unit or "Nutting Squad" to protect his cover.
_	On 15 October 2008, five Scottish judges decided unanimously to reject a submission by the Crown Office to the effect that the scope of Megrahi's second appeal should be limited to the specific grounds of appeal that were identified by the SCCRC in June 2007.
_	These unevennesses and bends resulting from the winding of the wire on delivery rolls have the effect that the wires are never completely close together according to their actual diameter but at a distance according to their unevenness.
_	The Department of Justice may obtain a federal court ruling to the effect that a specific tax-protester activity constitutes the promotion of an illegal tax shelter under Internal Revenue Code section 6700 (), and may obtain a court order prohibiting that activity under , as it did in the case of "United States v. Robert L. Schulz, We the People Foundation for Constitutional Education, Inc., and We the People Congress, Inc.".
_	The final purchase agreement included a to the effect that Shinsei could demand within the next three years that the government purchase any claims which had fallen by twenty percent or more from book value.
_	During the series' first year of publication in 2007, Bridget and the other members of Dynamo 5 were shown confronting various threats to Tower City, while dealing with the personal conflicts that arose as a result of discovering four new half-siblings, as well as the effect that their new lives had on their personal lives at home.
_	Also in 1812, he read a paper at the Institut de France entitled "Dissertation on the effect that air temperature has on the phenomenon of respiration".
_	Jim Buckmaster publicly asserted that, "It is our understanding that the law is very clear to the effect that sites like Craigslist cannot be held legally liable for the content of postings submitted by end users."
_	Expert opinion (to the effect that the defendants' conduct was negligent) did not constitute a fact, but was rather evidence.
_	An excursus, in which Saadia attacks the view of the Hindu sect of the "Barahima" (Brahmans) to the effect that man needs no prophets, introduces his account of prophecy and his apology for the Prophets.
_	It was noted that if there was a desire to repair the harbour then a certificate would be required from the Ministry to the effect that it was worthwhile.
_	Theologian Bert B. Beach wrote in 1974 that "during the Vatican Council there was criticism from WCC Circles" to the effect that "ecumenism was being contaminated by “pan-Deist” and syncretistic tendencies."
_	A pictogram advisory accompanied by a full-screen written advisory with voice over to the effect that the program is classified as “Strong Parental Guidance” shall be broadcast for at least 20 seconds, immediately before the opening credits and midway in the full airing of the particular television material classified as such.
_	Furthermore, Redhead analyzed Popper's experiment with a broad source and concluded that it could not yield the effect that Popper was seeking.
_	Also, care must be taken to minimize the effect that instrumentation has on the execution (including temporal properties) of the target program.
_	With many of the stations, his approach was that of Gesamtkunst to the effect that he also designed the signs, door handles, chandeliers and painted frescos.
_	Rule 3 laid down obligations for moral conduct to the effect that "Every one of the Company shall behave himself decently, and shall not use any unbecoming language to one another, much less to any other person, neither shall they curse or swear by faith, conscience, or the like, much less profane the Lord's name, or break the Sabbath-day; but shall go to church every Lord's Day, and therein behave themselves discreetly during Divine worship."
_	Friedelind Wagner (an outspoken opponent of the Third Reich) reported a conversation with her mother Winifred Wagner during the war, to the effect that Hitler did not trust or like Furtwängler, and that Göring and Goebbels were upset with Furtwängler's continuous support for his "undesirable friends".
_	At the end of the tour, when teachers remarked with astonishment that the voices had actually improved, Shaw replied to the effect that “Bach has been teaching singing.”
_	A decision based upon a ground so purely technical, overlooked by the counsel for the applicant, and only discovered by the judges after careful research, excited in the minds of those hostile to Wilkes suspicions of corrupt motives, and a report was circulated to the effect that the judges, or at any rate Willes and Aston, had been bribed by a gift of lottery tickets, that Aston had been seen selling them on 'Change, and had remarked that he had as good a right to sell his tickets as his brother Willes.
_	This has the effect that in the nonrelativistic limit, objects in de Sitter space have an extra "repulsion" from the origin: objects have a tendency to move away from the center with an outward pointing fictitious force proportional to their distance from the origin.
_	Detective Superintendent Mackay gave evidence to the effect that de Groot's actions on the Bridge were those of an insane man.
_	Specifically with regard to the PADI 'Advanced' certification standard, a 2006 coroner's court in the United Kingdom heard expert evidence to the effect that "I do not believe that someone with eight dives should be classified as an advanced diver.
_	The hypothesis that there may be something quantum-like about the human mental function was put forward with the quantum entanglement formula which attempted to model the effect that when a word’s associative network is activated during study in memory experiment, it behaves like a quantum-entangled system.
_	It denotes the Advaita theory of Superimposition ("adhyasa") which is in concurrence with the statements of the "Upanishads" to the effect that when ignorance is ended by right knowledge the true nature of an object becomes known.
_	An attempt by the town of Alnwick to raise an Armed Association met with a hostile, almost feudal, response from the Duke, to the effect that volunteers either joined the Tenantry Volunteers or be "...deprived of his custom, [or discharged] from his employment...".
_	In addition to that, for a man to be a Sharpshooter, it took cool nerves in order to be able to estimate their target carefully, determine the high trajectory needed and to take in consideration the effect that any current wind may have.
_	There is still another explanation, to the effect that it would not have redounded to the glory of Moses if he who had led 600,000 persons out of Egypt had been the only one to enter Israel, while the entire people were destined to die in the desert (comp. Numbers 14:28-37).
_	Lord Hutton considered whether a defendant should be guilty by virtue of contractual vitiating factors unknown to him at the time, which render the contract void or voidable, and which have the effect that there is no valid transfer of property to the defendant.
_	This definition of has the effect that high powers of  become "small".
_	This circumstance has the effect that the village's local allegiance varies, although generally, according to the sources, it considers itself as part of the region of the Valley of the Corneja.
_	On MacEntee’s appointment as Minister for Finance in 1932, his colleague, Francis Litton who was acting as Secretary of the Association, circulated the members with a notice to the effect that the Association was “suspended” until such time as MacEntee could return as he now had to devote his energies to the affairs of the State.
_	Newspaper reports to the effect that bodies still lay exposed are sensational.
_	His interest in Irish music was rekindled by a statement by collector Edward Bunting (1773-1843) to the effect that no newly composed tunes sounded characteristic of the Irish style.
_	In 1876, he suggested a hypothesis in explanation of heredity, resembling the germ plasm theory subsequently elaborated by August Weismann, to the effect that the germinal protoplasm retains its specific properties from generation to generation, dividing in each reproduction into an ontogenetic portion, out of which the individual is built up, and a phylogenetic portion, which is reserved to form the reproductive material of the mature offspring.
_	For example, the Chicago Board of Censors required cuts, in Reel 1, of pictures of a young woman in pajamas, Reel 2, old man kissing nurse on shoulder, Reel 5, the intertitle "I am for sale to the highest bidder", and to insert a new intertitle to the effect that the woman will marry the man who bids the most.
_	Russian officials have on numerous occasions made public statements to the effect that fracking "poses a huge environmental problem".
_	Something that passed among the foursome during that match led Chandler to remark to Takachiho something to the effect that "the two women in the ring may be the Beauty Pair, but those two with you ought to be called 'the Dirty Pair'."
_	It takes the form of an equivalent statement, to the effect that a certain generalized function is positive definite.
_	According to later versions given by those in attendance, Jeckeln gave a speech to these officers to the effect that it was their patriotic duty to exterminate the Jews of the Riga ghetto, just as much as if they were on the front lines of the battles then currently raging far to the east.
_	The last two singles in the group – Westfeldt and Adam Scott ("Parks and Recreation", Step Brothers), observe the effect that kids have had on their friends' relationships and wonder if there's a better way.
_	Finally, Lord Templeman referred to the decision of Lord Loreburn LC in "Attorney-General v Mersey Railway Co" [1907 AC 415 where he said "The rule of law has been laid down in this House to the effect that it must be shown that the business can fairly be regarded as incidental to or consequential upon the use of the statutory powers."
_	In the 2000s, the effect that reviews have on a film's box office performance and DVD rentals/sales have become a matter for debate.
_	Hitchens for the affidavit he swore out against Sidney Blumenthal, in the Clinton impeachment trial, to the effect that "[Hitchens] and his wife, Carol Blue, had lunch with White House aide Sidney Blumenthal last March 19 and that Blumenthal had described Monica Lewinsky as a stalker".
_	This caused big controversies among the Mensa members, leading to the effect that opposing Mensa members agreed to all vote in protest for actor Jonny Lee Miller as the most nonsensical nominee, who thus won the election.
_	The story—about the effect that Alzheimer's has on the sufferer's family—had to be curtailed when Doré decided to leave the programme in 1990.
_	PARC said they had received criticism from the left to the effect that they "should be tearing the streets up, rather than paving them", but that they found this approach to be "ableist, classist and antisocial."
_	Gev colony began ploughing 130 dunums of land situated near the colony and belonging to the Arab population of demilitarised Nuqeib, in violation of the verbal agreement concluded at Samara in 1950 to the effect that the two parties should retain and work the said land until the problem was settled.
_	Possibly in defence of his focus on so much "unpoetical" material, Pound quotes Rodolphus Agricola to the effect that one writes "to move, to teach or to delight" ("ut moveat, ut doceat, ut delectet"), with the implication that the present cantos are designed to teach.
_	The military commission added a clause to tax requirements, to the effect that individuals or communities might be exempted from the punishment, if they could prove by documents or witnesses, before a commission to be appointed, that they had not taken part in the Revolution, either by word or deed, morally or materially.
_	Other subjects speak about their attempts to forge careers in mainstream society and the effect that HIV and AIDS has had on ball culture as many of the subjects featured died of AIDS during or shortly after filming was complete.
_	In England, there is recent authority to the effect that professional privilege does not extend beyond the legal profession.
_	Evidence was also presented to the effect that a dingo was strong enough to carry a kangaroo and a report of the removal of a three-year-old girl by a dingo from the back seat of a tourist's motor vehicle at the camping area just weeks before, an event witnessed by the parents.
_	This war that ends the Second Age exemplifies the effect that Tolkien employs to create a grand panoramic distance from the event.
_	Although "Yakutat" received a dispatch on 21 June 1945 to the effect that all "organized resistance on Okinawa has ceased," her routine remained busy.
_	Science fiction and fantasy have traditionally been puritanical genres aimed at a male readership, and can be more restricted than non-genre literature by their conventions of characterisation and the effect that these conventions have on depictions of sexuality and gender.
_	After Bell's second 9 ball break, Balukas reportedly muttered within the range of the microphone words to the effect that Bell was having a string of inordinately lucky shots.
_	Frye made comments to the effect that Shamrock cheated on and divorced his wife to date a young girl (Alicia Webb was 19 and Ken Shamrock was 35 when they started dating).
_	The press was filled with comments to the effect that Macdonald had only been interested in the canal as a vote-getting measure; the Peterborough "Examiner" led the charges, complaining that "Whatever expenditure there had been on the scheme is properly chargeable to the capital (political) account and this is the explanation of all the delay and trifling with this important work."
_	Gore's statement that you can visibly see the effect that the United States Clean Air Act has had on ice cores in Antarctica.
_	An article published in Haiti's "Le Matin" newspaper in September 2008 cited comments by geologist Patrick Charles to the effect that there was a high risk of major seismic activity in Port-au-Prince; and duly the magnitude 7.0 2010 Haiti earthquake happened on this fault zone on 12 January 2010.
_	He went so far as to demand the withdrawal of a statement by Clara Chipman Newton in an 1893 pottery catalog to the effect that McLaughlin was the founder of the technique in America.
_	In describing the effect that Palmer had on the sport, biographer James Dodson stated:
_	Those who intermarried with the local First Nations people passed on their language, with the effect that by the mid-18th century there existed a sizeable population of traders with Scottish and aboriginal ancestry, and command of spoken Gaelic.
_	There is, furthermore, nothing is section 72(4) to the effect that the right to adduce and challenge evidence is limited.
_	On 25 February 1948, the Assembly passed a resolution requesting the Governor to submit to the Governor General the request of the assembly to the effect that the High Court of Judicature at Allahabad and the Oudh Chief Court be amalgamated.
_	Your representatives will make a declaration to the effect that the United States... will remove its analogous means from Turkey... and after that, persons entrusted by the United Nations Security Council could inspect on the spot the fulfillment of the pledges made."
_	This has the effect that the pressure of the Muslims would lead to a permanent emigration among Christians.
_	It is hereby stated that all reports to the effect that there is ground for declaring the marriage null and void are entirely unfounded.
_	This had the effect that the state became responsible for essentially all former Dublin Castle administration civil servants based in the new state.
_	Throughout the operation, NATO "felt the frustration of having its wings clipped by a parallel UN authority", while United Nations officials worried about the effect that NATO air strikes would have on the perceived neutrality of the United Nations.
_	When the Duke of Sussex was asked what should be done about the Lectures, he replied to the effect that the Worshipful Masters of the various Masonic Lodges should adapt their existing Lectures to the new standardized UGLE ceremonies and give them in their own words.
_	On 16 January 2015, the Office of the Inspector General, U.S. Department of Defense received an anonymous complaint alleging that Post had made remarks to the effect that communicating with Congress about the capabilities of the A-10 was treason.
_	Later that year the king wrote to the Keeper, commanding that the White Tower's lead guttering should be extended with the effect that "the wall of the tower ... newly whitened, may be in no danger of perishing or falling outwards through the trickling of the rain".
_	Suggestions have been made to the effect that the general law in relation to powers would apply (such that if the purpose is sufficiently well defined to be a power, a "Quistclose" trust may arise), but others have argued that to take tests from one branch of the law and apply it to another may not be appropriate.
_	The 147th Division's intelligence officer, Major Hirano Nobou, responded with words to the effect that he was to "shochi-se" (finish him off) in the mountains that night, despite the fact that Tamura had sought no authority to do so.
_	The integration of the influence line gives the effect that would be felt if the distributed load had a unit magnitude.
_	Besides still carrying the torch for the station, he aired ‘Rare and Imported Tracks’ on WMYK a.k.a. ""K-94 FM"", and it featured a long-standing Progressive WOWI reunion show in the early 1980s that brought many of the original WOWI on-air personnel back for music offerings and discussions about what WOWI was and the effect that it had.
_	This shows the effect that her work had on women may have been dealing with these issues.
_	This has the effect that, over long distances and at high modulation speeds, the different frequencies of light can take different times to arrive at the receiver, ultimately making the signal impossible to discern, and requiring extra repeaters.
_	Costa Rica, for example, runs the Certification of Sustainable Tourism (CST) program, which is intended to balance the effect that business has on the local environment.
_	It creates the effect that the leaf is still one, or "oneliness" whole within itself, even after it is isolated from the tree.
_	Players do not consider the effect that choosing a strategy on the next round would have on future play in the game.
_	Nevertheless, the band felt obliged to counter these assertions by stating that the intermixture of styles is exactly the effect that was intended:
_	Particularly popular was Isidore's lapidary remark in the Etymologies to the effect that it is not the human being ("God's creature") that is exsufflated, but the Prince of Sinners to whom that person is subjected by being born in sin, a remark that echoed Augustine's arguments against the Pelagians to the effect that it was not the human infant (God's image) that was attacked in sufflation, but the infant's possessor, the devil.
_	The Free State government responded by issuing a proclamation to the effect that if Bagwell were not safely released, reprisals would be taken.
_	The court then rejected the appellant's argument that the operations were steps in a process, finding that, if the contention were true, it would have the effect that the "mere fact" of the use of a computer to perform the calculations would transform an unpatentable discovery (a mathematical formula) into patentable subject matter.
_	According to CEO of Twitter, Dick Costolo: "With this investment, Twitter is seizing the opportunity to go deeper into research to understand the role Twitter and other platforms play in the way people communicate, the effect that rapid and fluid communication can have and apply those findings to complex societal issues".
_	A shot of William B. Davis was overlapped with fire, and eventually a skull to give the effect that The Smoking Man's flesh was burnt away.
_	This, however, is in conflict with another statement, to the effect that Jethro gave his daughter Zipporah to Moses on condition that their first son should be brought up in the worship of idols, and that Moses swore to respect this condition (Mek. l.c.; Yalk., Ex. 169).
_	Mansagari is credited with revealing many unique principles that have withstood the test of time; one such principle pertains to the Panch Mahapurusha yogas to the effect that the conjunction of either the Sun or the Moon with the planet giving rise to this yoga cancels that particular Panch Mahapurusha yoga or Raja yoga ; in which regard the study of its "Bhaveshphala Nirupana" section of Second Chapter assumes prime importance.
_	However, mindful of the effect that patriotic public opinion could have on his political career, Churchill significantly moderated criticism of Kitchener in his book's second edition in 1902.
_	The Psoriatic Arthritis Quality of Life (PsAQoL) measure is a disease specific patient-reported outcome measure which measures the effect that psoriatic arthritis has on a patient’s quality of life.
_	When a declaration of incapacity is made in accordance with the procedure set out in the Regency Act 1937 a Regency is established and the royal functions are transferred from the Sovereign to a Regent, who discharges them in the name and on behalf of the monarch until a declaration is made in accordance with the said Act to the effect that the monarch's incapacity has ceased.
_	He concluded, "The accusations against Count Bernadotte ... to the effect that he refused to save Jews from the concentration camps are obvious lies" and listed many prominent eyewitnesses who testified on Bernadotte's behalf, including the World Jewish Congress representative in Stockholm in 1945.
_	Lastly, Hirschman introduces the “loyalty” option, which occurs when the consumer cannot “exit” and the firm does not care about the effect that “voice” will have on their revenue, and the consumers who chose it continues to consume the lapsed good.
_	The Mehler reaction is named after Alan H. Mehler, who, in 1951, presented data to the effect that isolated chloroplasts reduce oxygen to form hydrogen peroxide ().
_	On September 23, 1995, Akiyo's widower and surviving daughter, and her coworker in the Tokyo city council, all made statements to the press to the effect that they believed Soka Gakkai was involved in Akiyo's death.
_	There is a historical tradition going back to at least the 15th century to the effect that Schwyz (the settlement which gave its name to Switzerland) was indeed named after the Swedes.
_	On the other hand there is a theorem, to the effect that a subanalytic set "A" can be written as a locally finite union of submanifolds.
_	By 1914 The U.S. Navy in hearings before the House or Representatives gave testimony to the effect that no armored cruisers were further planned nor to it knowledge were armored cruisers being built by any major naval power worldwide.
_	At Newmarket in August he started 5/4 favourite for the Dullingham Stakes but came home last of the three runners, prompting comments to the effect that Woodward had made a mistake by keeping the horse in training.
_	It is indicative of Loria's stature, as well as Beamer's humility, that when Frank Beamer was once asked if he ever thought about "what if" that plane had not crashed, that he replied to the effect that he thought it was quite possible that Loria might be the coach at Tech, and that he himself might be an assistant.
_	A campaign focused on immigration reform and upholding LGBT Asian American Pacific Islander immigrant rights by "educating local organizations and leaders", engaging in media in various forms and mediums, publicizing the stories of undocumented LGBT Asian American Pacific Islanders (as well as undocumented Latinos), and analyzing immigration reform legislation and the effect that legislation changes will have.
_	By studying Saccharomyces cerevisiae, researchers have been able to learn more about radiation-sensitive (RAD) genes, and the effect that RAD mutations may have on the typical cellular DNA damaged-induced delay response.
_	Susantha de Fonseka as the State Council member for Panadura, moved a motion in the State Council, by November 1944, to the effect that the Ministers "be directed to introduce immediately a Bill conferring on this country a constitution of the recognized dominion type for Free Lanka".
_	Thompson also debated the effect that the album's short germination period had on its overall composition, believing that the brief recording time lent the record "a feeling that, whenever you get these guys in the same room, this music [...] just comes tearing out".
_	That is, considering the effect that it has on the stream, stricter emission standards are applied to a business that discharges wastewater in the amount of more than 2,000㎥/day than to smaller businesses, in order to incorporate a quantity regulation method as well as a concentration regulation method.
_	At the end of "Lazarus" is a stage direction to the effect that if the performance has been given at matins, "Lazarus" should proceed with the Te Deum, if at vespers, with the Magnificat.
_	Arguments to the effect that there should be an implied term in the ISDA Master Agreement to that effect were dismissed.
_	The lack of any combat in past few years had the effect that the vigilance of Zaporozhians was low, and their guards were asleep upon Tekeli's arrival.
_	Additionally, press reports have cited U.S. officials to the effect that evidence obtained in dismantling Libya's WMD programs points toward North Korea as the source for Libya's uranium hexafluoride (UF) – which, if true, would mean that North Korea has a uranium conversion facility for producing feedstock for centrifuge enrichment.
_	From all that I could glean from miners and others, with whom I had an opportunity of speaking, respecting the diggings, I think it very probable that a permanent gold-field will be established at, or in the vicinity of, Gympie Creek; and if reports-which were in circulation when I left the diggings-to the effect that several prospecting parties had found gold at different points, varying from one to five miles from the township, be correct, there is little doubt but it will be an extensive gold-field, and will absorb a large population within a very short period.
_	This duty is generally triggered only if a reasonable opportunity to settle actually arises, either because the plaintiff makes a settlement offer, or the insurer is aware of information to the effect that the plaintiff would accept a settlement offer.
_	Voir dire wouldn't have worked because it would require defense counsel to ask a potential juror whether he had heard a radio broadcast to the effect that his client had confessed to this crime.
_	There are still quite a number of universally recognized signs missing, and criticism has been voiced to the effect that the encoding "disregards an important part of the accumulated knowledge of generations of assyriologists about what actually function as single signs in normal texts, and are reflected in the traditional sign lists, most recently and comprehensively Borger's "Mesopotamische Zeichenliste"".
_	In default thereof the Emperor could grant a "liege indult" (), often restricted to some years only, and then notwithstanding enfeoff the prince-bishop elect with the regalia of restricted legitimacy to the effect that the elect could rule with princely power within the prince-bishopric, bearing only title of Administrator, but would be banned from participating in the Diets.
_	The article continued to quote the U.S. Nuclear Energy Foundation to the effect that too much stock is being put into the fear surrounding Fukushima power plant.
_	The emerging evidence to the effect that there are possibly harmful psychotherapies is not only contradictory to the "all therapies are equal" stance of the Dodo bird verdict, but may also point out problems implicating the APA's Code of Ethics.
_	This has the effect that a turbocharger delivers boost, thus increasing power (and fuel consumption) only when such a power increase is demanded by putting the engine under a heavy load.
_	This is because the LGA officially lodged a petition against the figures to the National Population Commission to the effect that many areas in the LGA, including then Kwajji District were not fully registered and counted.
_	One theory for the relation between cortical thinning and improved language fluency is the effect that synaptic pruning has in signaling between neurons.
_	Welles filmed all of the battle scenes in long takes, but cut the shots into fragments to create the effect that he wanted.
_	Contradicting Jabbour, who clearly distinguishes the earlier version, is the account of Andrew Kuntz to the effect that "Betty Vornbrock and others have noted a similarity between 'Garfield’s Blackberry Blossom' and the West Virginia tune 'Yew Piney Mountain', a variant...also played by Kentucky fiddlers J.P. Fraley and Santford Kelly".
_	It is both the story of Dominique Green, a young man from Houston who was on Death Row in Texas, and of the effect that knowing him had on Cahill.
_	As such, suggestions that have been made publicly (although not by those involved in this arbitration) to the effect that the Claimants are in some way ‘external’ to the Association, are both incorrect and unfair”.
_	On 27 January 1642 this petition came before the house; on that day a report was received from John Pym, on behalf of the committee for Irish affairs, to the effect that the king had commanded the lord-lieutenant Robert Sidney, 2nd Earl of Leicester, to recommend seven officers to the house for commands in Ireland.
_	The physician had deliberately inserted genetic material and contaminants into all stored samples of the Emperor's original body, to the effect that the resulting bodies would be nowhere as resistant to the ravaging effects of the Dark Side as the original.
_	The failure of negotiations between Emperor Louis IV and the papacy led in 1338 to the declaration at Rhense by six electors to the effect that election by all or the majority of the electors automatically conferred the royal title and rule over the empire, without papal confirmation.
_	This results beneficial in the effect that PR-66 has low traffic almost all the time, including rush hours.
_	Before the battle of Tapae (101) (in the first campaign of Trajan) the Dacian tribe, the Buri, sent Trajan a message to the effect that he should withdraw from Dacia and restore peaceful relations.
_	He was born on Reems Creek, near Asheville, North Carolina, in 1793; attended the common schools and Newton Academy, Asheville, N.C.; studied medicine at the medical school of Dr. Charles Harris in Cabarrus County, North Carolina; commenced the practice of medicine in Asheville, N.C., in 1818; held several local offices; elected to the Eighteenth Congress (March 4, 1823 – March 3, 1825); unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1824 to the Nineteenth Congress and for election in 1826 to the Twentieth Congress; was mortally wounded by Hon. Samuel Price Carson, the successful candidate, who challenged him to a duel, fought at Saluda Gap, North Carolina, because of a derogatory remark made during the campaign of 1826, to the effect that the latter’s father had turned Tory during the Revolutionary War; died the following day near Saluda Gap, N.C., 1827; friend of Carson's, famed frontiersman and congressman David Crockett of Tennessee was present for the duel.
_	In fact, a line in large letters upon the paper wrapper of the very book itself, quoted a contemporary to the effect that "any writer of any age might rejoice in its equal."
_	Insurance contracts often contain clauses to the effect that the insured must disclose other existing or subsequent policies.
_	In the liner notes of the Bremen Lausanne album Jarrett states something to the effect that he is a conduit for the 'Creator', something his mother had apparently discussed with him.
_	Applicants with disabilities may be concerned with the effect that their disability has on both interview and employment outcomes.
_	In the final system, if an individual did not appear when summoned to court, the remaining members of the tithing could swear an oath to the effect that they had no hand in the escape of the summoned man, or would be held responsible for the deeds of the fugitive, and could be forced to pay any fines his actions had incurred.
_	At this juncture in the unfolding drama the Barr Tribunal was given to remarking, "It may be of significance that the house was now being approached by two armed Gardaí in circumstances where there was information to the effect that John Carthy had been on anti-depressant tablets, was not holding any hostage, had discharged his weapon on a number of occasions, and that he might be aggressive to them because they were Gardaí".
_	Moses' lament that he may never taste the fruits of the land receives a long explanatory addition to the effect that he grieved not for the products of the earth, but because he would be unable to fulfill the divine commands pertaining to the Land of Israel.
_	Leuckert made a statement to the effect that he had hoped that they could take the retail route based on the success of the Conduit Street shop.
_	This was to the effect that the Argentine flag must be taken down and that they must report to the British administrator (Mr Stephen Martin, commander of the British Antarctic Survey Base) at Grytviken, to have their passports stamped (which they refused to do since it would acknowledge British sovereignty over the islands).
_	At a public meeting held in 1872 a resolution was moved to the effect that: "It is highly desirable to establish a high class nondenominational school in Grahamstown, with a view to providing an education which is not furnished by any of the present schools."
_	Other traditions which have lent strength to this view are those related by Ibn Sa'd, Muhiyy-us-Sunnah Baghawi, Imam Nasafi, Imam Baihaqi, Hafiz Ibn Hajar, Hafiz Badr-uddin 'Ayni, 'Abd bin Humaid and others to the effect that these suras were revealed when the Jews had worked magic on the Muhammed in Madinah and he had fallen ill under its effect.
_	Morgan continues saying that Breakthrough liked how the show had highlighted the effect that a cancer diagnosis can have on a partner.
_	Knight was mostly notable for the discovery of Knight shift, the effect that has been given his name.
_	It was for many years frequently referred to by financial writers in consequence of a very circumstantial statement contained in it to the effect that the value of the English imports from France was £2,600,000, and the value of the exports to France £1,000,000, "by which it appears that our trade with France is at least sixteen hundred thousand pounds a year clear lost to this kingdom.
_	If our own intellect ("intelligenza") is at work in us prior to our recognizing it (indeed even when we live as brutes), philosophy too must "covertly" precede sensory experience as the hidden author of our world (hence Vico's dictum, included in his "De Antiquissima Italorum Sapientia", Ch. VII.3, to the effect that just as God is the artifex of nature, so is man the God of artifices: "ut Deus sit naturae artifex, homo artificiorum Deus").
_	She remembers the phone call asking for Mrs. Brown and a comment made by Costello to Miss Peake before she showed him from the house to the effect that he came "to see Mrs. Brown" and she realises that Miss Peake is in fact Mrs. Brown, Sellon's former partner.
_	A successful plea of estoppel has the effect that the misrepresented facts are upheld as if they were correct.
_	Parties try to limit this responsibility by including "non-reliance" representations in their agreements, to the effect that each is not relying on the other and they are making their own independent decisions.
_	After the war, the War Ministry responded to Neubronner's inquiry to the effect that the use of pigeons in aerial photography had no military value and further experiments were not justified.
_	Fizeau indeed detected a dragging effect, but the magnitude of the effect that he observed was far lower than expected.
_	Meanwhile, at the Cavendish laboratory, Rutherford and Mark Oliphant found that deuterium fuses to form helium-3, which causes the effect that the cyclotroneers had observed.
_	It was an anecdote, then current, to the effect that the duc d'Enghien had gone secretly to Paris to visit Mademoiselle George; that at her house he came upon Bonaparte, who also enjoyed the famous actress' favors, and that in his presence Napoleon happened to fall into one of the fainting fits to which he was subject, and was thus at the Duc's mercy.
_	It is common for lengthy negotiations to be written into a heads of agreement document (sometimes unsigned, and sometimes labelled 'subject to contract') that includes a clause to the effect that the rest of the agreement is to be negotiated.
_	An alternative view is that the subjects added an unstated cultural implicature to the effect that the other answer implied an exclusive or (xor), that Linda was not a feminist.
_	The exact name and construction date is not known of hamam (Turkish Bath) which is located at the same building lot with the Fatih Mosque and in the southern side of it; however, there is information to the effect that it was built by Turks brought from Kastamonu and Üsküdar during Yavuz Sultan Selim's era in the first half of the 16th century.
_	Reid and Walter from Howlong, where a motion was carried to the effect that the Association change its name to the Rutherglen and District Football Association.
_	Although ontophantics is essentially a metaphysical doctrine, its starting point was a methodological approach through the philosophy of language, based on a realist semiotic theory to the effect that what is shown by language is also said (as against the Tractarian dichotomy), namely reality or being.
_	In connection with demanding a trial for invalidation under these Items, Article 47 of the Trademark Act provided for an exclusion period to the effect that it was not possible to demand a trial decision for invalidation following the lapse of five years from the date of registration of the relevant trademark.
_	According to Baines, this type of dub techno was "the kind of smoked out dub that's an approximate aural recreation of the effect that incredibly potent mairjuana ["sic"] has on the brain" and "a haunting, haunted, tripped out site of memorial exploration" where "Everything sounds half-remembered, half-there, half-real."
_	Bhogiraj Dwivedi cites an old maxim to the effect that an illegitimate child is born if on 4th (Chaturthi), 9th (Navami) or 14th (Chaturdashi) tithi which coincides with Sunday, Saturday or Tuesday and when the Moon is also in the 3rd pada of Uttaraphalguni, Uttarashada or Uttarabhadrapada nakshatra.
_	According to Whitcomb, Enan complained about the effect that budget cuts were having on the military as the Mubarak administration dealt with political and economic problems."
_	Reed heard testimony to the effect that officers had coerced soldiers to stay in the army or reenlist with unfavorable terms, even employing corporal punishment to that end.
_	When asked what she had learned during her visit, Palin replied with a comment to the effect that Paul Revere had warned the British that Americans would not let them confiscate American arms, and that Revere's warnings involved ringing bells and firing guns.
_	The investigation was launched on the basis of information to the effect that a subject linked to the West End Gang was involved in a major hashish importation conspiracy from Africa.
_	Though no territorial changes came of it, it had the effect that Prime Minister Knud Kristensen was forced to resign after a vote of no confidence because the Folketing did not support his enthusiasm for incorporating South Schleswig into Denmark.
_	For instance, in the State of New York, the appearance of specified language in the mortgage to the effect that it is a construction loan preserves its priority over mechanic's liens arising out of the construction, as long as subsequently filed lien claims that are legitimate are not ignored.
_	While the "CNN effect" most commonly refers to the effect that news media have on politics and government during political conflict, its effect on decisions made during natural disasters is also noteworthy.
_	There is a surviving rhyme about him to the effect that ""honest Lumpy did allow he ne'er would pitch but o'er a brow"".
_	In Mexico, machismo still affects many parts of the country and the effect that it has on gender roles in a patriarchal society.
_	Researchers found that high stress conditions were a good representative of the effect that extrinsic stress can cause on memory functioning.
_	There is a legend to the effect that Gangesa was completely illiterate while he was young and propitiated the goddess Kali on the cremation ground adjacent to his uncle's house, and acquired from her, as a boon, deep erudition in the science of Logic.
_	Its success won it renown among military historians, which created a myth to the effect that "for some decades 'Bredow’s achievement was the norm'," that cavalry could still play a decisive role in battle in a modern war between equally equipped forces, and so cavalry units continued to be part of the armed forces of major European powers for the next half century.
_	On 5 September 1991, President Corazon C. Aquino issued Presidential Proclamation No. 792, which was amended by Presidential Proclamation No. 120 on 15 December 1992, to the effect that 104.22 hectares (257.5 acres) of land be developed into housing for employees of the Department of Justice and other government agencies.
_	There are rumors to the effect that, while enrolled in G.O.A., he nearly killed his instructor.
_	Inaccurate translation might compromise the child’s statement to the effect that decisions are taken on the basis of incorrect information.
_	The most significant result, though, was the effect that the victory had on the morale of Allied servicemen elsewhere in Asia and the Pacific, especially those on the Kokoda Track, and British troops fighting in Burma.
_	O'Connor writes that the painting "seem[s] to embody femininity", and thus likens it to the "Mona Lisa", while for Müller and Tatzkow, the gold gives the effect that Adele appears "melancholy and vulnerable, unapproachably aloof and yet rapt".
_	It was not long before rumours were circulating around Dublin to the effect that the trading mission to Smyrna had been a blind all along and that it was Captain Massey and his crew who had been engaged in piracy on the high seas.
_	Both their families realise what they had done by trying to separate the star crossed lovers with the effect that the Capulets and Montagues are reunited and their fighting ends.
_	The term one-percenter is said to be a response to the American Motorcyclist Association (AMA) comment on the Hollister incident, to the effect that 99% of motorcyclists were law-abiding citizens and the last 1% were outlaws.
_	McKenzie noted the required study hall also angered certain Fisk alumni, remarking "Only last night I was sent almost direct word to the effect that the alumni would protest against the study hall, and a reminder of the fact that practically no white man is trusted by any Negro."
_	The latter allows developers to get the effect that used to cost them two hours within 15 minutes.
_	Furthermore, similar allegations concerning the Defence Ministry and its UNA department ("Untertruppe Nachrichtensdienst und Abwehr") emerged, to the effect that they too were storing files.
_	David Buxton points out the effect that his forced seclusion had on his personality, "deprived of all contact with ordinary people or ordinary life."
_	These activists had no standing under any elected tribal government, and Lakota tribal leaders issued public responses to the effect that, in the words of Rosebud Lakota tribal chairman Rodney Bordeaux, "We do not support what Means and his group are doing and they don't have any support from any tribal government I know of.
_	One historian, T. G. Jackson, in his book on St. Mary's Church, reviewing the question of the authorship of the Porch, quotes an entry by Wood to the effect that a "Mr. Jackson" received £22 more than his bargain for the erection of the porch, and suggests that Mr. Jackson was the "builder".
_	According to Lubbock, the Queen made remarks to the effect that "she did not know she possessed such a splendid ship in her Mercantile Marine."
_	The pagans, weary of his plans, made an agreement with Olof to the effect that he, if he wished to be a Christian, must exercise his royal authority in a province of his choice.
_	"Downward causation" refers to the effect that the incorporation of entity "x" into a higher-level entity can have on "x"'s properties and interactions.
_	Dom Passantino wrote a more negative review for "Stylus Magazine", saying that "Songs like 'Relax, Take It Easy' seem to be an attempt at simulating the effect that Supertramp chloroforming you in your sleep would produce."
_	This status was undermined early in its existence, after a statement by Roman Catholic bishops to the effect that a graduate of the institution would not be allowed to teach in a Catholic school soon ensured that the institution became identified as a Protestant-only institution.
_	Other programmes will attempt to show the effect that the war had on the individuals involved in it and one documentary will show numerous veteran interviews that were filmed for the BBC documentary "The Great War" on the conflict's fiftieth anniversary in 1964 but were omitted from that programme.
_	There is in the book of words a wholly unnecessary announcement to the effect that this portion is by a different hand from the rest; the 'join' is quite unmistakable, for during the too-short extract from the original score the music suddenly becomes humorous, charming and brilliantly melodious, besides being orchestrated in a fresh and musicianly way."
_	Haig met Rawlinson on 2 July to discuss the effect that the shortage of ammunition would have on operations and how to approach the German second position from Longueval to Bazentin le Petit and outflank the German defences north of the Albert–Bapaume road.
_	In "Parker v. Commissioner", tax protester Alton M. Parker, Sr., challenged the levying of tax upon individual income, based on language in the U.S. Supreme Court decision in "Stanton v. Baltic Mining Co.", to the effect that the Sixteenth Amendment "conferred no new power of taxation, but simply prohibited the previous complete and plenary power of income taxation possessed by Congress from the beginning from being taken out of the category of indirect taxation to which it inherently belonged".
_	Chase also quoted Herbert Philbrick to the effect that "the McCarthyites and demagogues... make the work of the FBI more difficult by confusing the innocent with the guilty."
_	A number of other bishops also entered statements to the effect that they believed that Leo's Tome was not in contradiction with the teaching of Cyril as well.
_	Kraft's sudden death gave rise to a legend, to the effect that he was a very avaricious man who loved his treasure, which he loved to count.
_	The proposal fixes the Avogadro constant, and the draft of the Ninth SI Brochure retains the definition of dalton in terms of C, with the effect that the link between the dalton and the kilogram will be broken.
_	On January 1, 1891, president Balmaceda published a Manifest to the Nation in various newspapers to the effect that the budget of 1890 would be considered the official budget for 1891.
_	Woudhuizen revived a conjecture to the effect that the Tyrsenians came from Anatolia, including Lydia, whence they were driven by the Cimmerians in the early Iron Age, 750–675 BC, leaving some colonists on Lemnos.
_	Most of the academic criticism of the rule is to the effect that it has been carried too far.
_	The conclusion of the discussion is to the effect that instead of 'archetype' we should rather use the concept of 'type-image' as Maud Bodkin did lately.
_	The PMWHA was also concerned with the effect that the penning would have on the feral horses.
_	This is mathematically expressed by non-commutativity of the corresponding operators, to the effect that
_	In early October 1901, the Press Association received a communication from the Parliamentary committee of the Trade Union Congress to the effect that Sam Woods, a leading light in the Miners Federation and Lib-Lab MP for Ince (1892–95) and for Walthamstow (1897-1900), had been approached unofficially to stand as Lib-Lab candidate in Dewsbury.
_	On October 18, 1909, it was reported that two steamboat inspectors and a secretary had departed Portland, Oregon bound by steamer to Coos Bay to investigate first the collision of the ocean-going steamer "Breakwater" with the riverine steamer "Alert", and second, the charges that had been brought by Orsan R. Willard, owner of "Wolverine" against T.R. Panter, owner of the river steamer "Coquille" to the effect that while "Wolverine" had been docked, "Coquille" had been deliberately rammed into the launch.
_	On 22 June 1932 the ADGB executive issued a declaration to the effect that the struggle against the common enemy made it an imperative duty, incumbent on the entire German labour movement, to operate a united front.
_	From jail, he repeatedly made written and verbal statements to the effect that he saw nothing wrong with sex between a man and a boy.
_	But when the national convention assembled at Dublin under Lord Charlemont's presidency, in November 1783, Ogle is said to have delivered a message purporting to come from Lord Kenmare to the effect that the Catholics of Ireland were satisfied with the privileges they had already obtained, and desired no more.
_	At the same time, word had gotten out to the Twin Cities music community about the new gay ensemble, and rumblings were being heard to the effect that restricting membership of the new orchestra to only gay and lesbian persons was a form of reverse discrimination.
_	In fact, it was only two years ago that Sheikh Ali Gomaa made clear statements to the effect that apostasy is not punishable by death in Islam, a position that he holds to this day.
_	According to Kelley, such incidents not only inspired the individuals involved but also galvanized onlookers to the effect that the governance of public transit became quite difficult, which slowly effected change.
_	In his Harrison biography, "Here Comes the Sun", Joshua Greene notes the effect that this time with Dylan and the Band had on Harrison, with regard to his growing dissatisfaction as a Beatle.
_	Caesar had earlier made an agreement with this tribe, to the effect that ten thousand men would protect his line of supplies.
_	A "sacca-kiriyā" is inscribed at the gateway of the first "stupa" (monument) at Sanchi with a deterrent statement to the effect that a vandal of the "stupa" will be cursed.
_	The Flag of the United States underwent numerous changes because the number of stars represents the number of states, proactively defined in a Flag Act of 1818 to the effect that "on the admission of every new state into the Union, one star be added to the union of the flag"; it was changed for the last time in 1960 with the accession of Hawaii.
_	He explained that the song's lyrics were "not looking at a particular love story, but more the effect that love has on your psyche.
_	In the 1920s and 1930s, Pearl focused on the effect that the environment, which included disease, alcohol, and tobacco, has on longevity.
_	This poses a special challenge for the musicians because rendering this music does not involve just playing or singing the correct musical notes; the musicians are expected to understand what was conveyed by the composer in various languages, and sing musical phrases that act to create the effect that was intended by the composer in his/her composition.
_	any evidence to the effect that any of the persons taken into custody were still being detained or kept in servitude by [Turkey]".
_	There is no other program that has this depth of information that can help us understand the effect that global climate change has on bird populations across the continent.
_	In a responsum to a community that had inquired as to the rationale behind the observance of Isru Chag, Rabbi Yosef Hayyim (1832 - 1909), known as the "Ben Ish Chai", cited the famous Kabbalist Rabbi Isaac Luria (1534 - 1572), known as the "ARI", to the effect that we [Jews] connect the day after the holiday to the holiday itself due to the remaining “light” of the holiday – in other words, so that the sanctity of the holiday will be extended.
_	This has the effect that a continuous map becomes an isomorphism in the homotopy category if and only if it is a weak homotopy equivalence.
_	Brazilian federal courts routinely accept evidence from Brazilian abducting parents to the effect that the abducted child has become settled in his/her new environment and the U.S. State Department has claimed that Brazilian Courts erroneously treat Hague cases as custody disputes, unnecessarily delaying cases and demonstrating an unfair bias toward Brazilian citizens, especially mothers.
_	This had the effect that no daylight could enter the building, except when the doors were open.
_	At the behest of the Archbishop of Cologne, the two parties reached an agreement to the effect that Henry II would turn the Monreal castle into a fief of Trier after the death of his father, Robert III of Virneburg.
_	The fourth factor measures the effect that the allegedly infringing use has had on the copyright owner's ability to exploit his original work.
_	Test drugs can also be added to this chamber to study the effect that they have on cellular function.
_	In "Church of Scientology of California v. Kaufman", it was noted that the defendant had been required to sign a waiver to the effect that "the Scientology Organization, its branches and members, and L. Ron Hubbard are not responsible for anything that might happen to my body or mind on OT III".
_	He cited language from his majority opinion in "Rosenberger v. University of Virginia" to the effect that the government has control over all speech it pays for.
_	Instructions were also given to the effect that respecting the habits of the countries to be evangilized was paramount, a guiding principle of the Missions ever since:
_	He has stated that his views were shaped from his upbringing in Beauce, known as Quebec's entrepreneurial heartland, to his life experience like the effect that regulation can have on small business.
_	On September 5, 1991, President Corazon C. Aquino issued Presidential Proclamation No. 792, which was amended by Presidential Proclamation No. 120 on December 15, 1992, to the effect that 104.22 hectares of land be developed into housing for employees of the Department of Justice and other government agencies.
_	Tate was quoted in a San Fernando Valley Business Journal article to the effect that she would want whomever she decided to have sex with "to get tested until I felt comfortable to sleep with them without a condom," adding that AIDS Healthcare Foundation president Michael Weinstein (who the article was about), "should be spending money on treating [AIDS] and educating regular people about how to protect themselves instead of going after a small community that is aware of the risks."
_	Pete subsequently wrote about Alice's death (including interviewing the woman who drove the car that hit and killed Alice) and about the effect that Alice's death had on him in a 1985 "Washington Post" article called "To Find a Sister."
_	On November 11, 2016, The Supreme Court dismissed the review petition against the verdict discarding the death penalty for convict in Soumya’s murder, stating that "the role of the accused in causing injury No. 2 by pushing the victim out of train is not free from doubt and the medical opinion is to the effect that Injury No. 1, by itself, was not sufficient to cause death."
_	Random noise has a "triangular" spectral distribution in an FM system, with the effect that noise occurs predominantly at the highest audio frequencies within the baseband.
_	Thus, the failure of negotiations with the papacy led to the declaration at Rhense in 1338 by six electors to the effect that election by all or the majority of the electors automatically conferred the royal title and rule over the empire, without papal confirmation.
_	The screenplay by Jean-Claude Tramont focuses on the effect that extensive cosmetic surgery has on the life of a middle-aged married woman.
_	Amleth surmised the purport of their instructions, and secretly altered the message on their wooden tablets to the effect that the king should put the attendants to death and give Amleth his daughter in marriage.
_	The senator privately expressed worry over the effect that Trump's unpopularity among Hispanic voters might have on his own chances but also was concerned with more conservative pro-Trump voters; he thus kept his endorsement of Trump in place but tried to speak of him as little as possible given their disagreements.
_	The air near the ceiling is kept at a temperate level, while the air in the lower section of the building is cooler and circulates more rapidly, with the effect that dirt particles fall towards the floor rather than being streamed upwards.
_	The key is masking, that describes the effect that a sound produces into another simultaneous sound.
_	As possibly you are aware, it is the only coin the design of which you can change during your administration, as I believe there is a law to the effect that the designs must not be changed oftener than every twenty-five years.
_	Kellow quotes Stephen Sondheim to the effect that while Merman's comedic prowess was "nonpareil" as showcased in "Gypsy"'s first act she lacked the dramatic precision to be fully effective as the play grew darker; thus, Sondheim says of "Everything's Coming up Roses":
_	"The Times" had published an article in Ireland to the effect that Reynolds had misled the Irish Parliament; this article was then published in the United Kingdom.
_	The case was held in great secrecy, with the effect that it was unable to be considered in other judgments on the legal recognition of gender variance, but has become more widely known since his death in 1991.
_	Finally, after the car was smashed by the bus, Kreuk was positioned on the ground to give the effect that she was actually in the car wreck.
_	The "Chrismologion" of Paisios Ligarides (c. 1652) was a collection of prophecies to the effect that the Russian Christians will defeat the Ottomans and liberate Constantinople are dedicated to the Tsar.
_	In 1571, the Article XXIX, despite the opposition of Bishop Edmund Gheast, was inserted, to the effect that the wicked do not eat the Body of Christ.
_	There was some comment after the last round of the tournament of the effect that the tee markers had been moved so far forward that last day as to take some of the fairway traps out of play.
_	In 2004 the South Korean government issued a statement to the effect that it believed that the Gando Convention was null and void.
_	An inscription of ownership on an expensive Egyptian alabaster vase once owned by the son has survived to attest the latter's short official career, and includes an unusual triple filiation which confirms the literary evidence to the effect that Clodius' own filiation was: Ap. f. Ap. n. (son of Appius cos.79, grandson of Appius cos.143).
_	During this time, the computer system repeatedly fired the attitude control jets in a vain attempt to lock onto the Sun with the effect that only one day after launch, the probe ran out of attitude control gas.
_	His paintings often reacted to these media types by using erotic themes to highlight the effect that media had on the viewer.
_	In 1901, however, following the discoveries by James Clerk Maxwell to the effect that electric measurements could not be explained in terms of the three fundamental units of length, mass and time, Giovanni Giorgi proposed a new standard system that would include a fourth fundamental unit to measure quantities in electromagnetism.
_	On one of these is a note to the effect that it was performed for the ladies of Modena and Brunswick, and was very well received.
_	An item appeared in the "Naval Chronicle" to the effect that during the February–March period, "Colpoys" had engaged a ship stronger than herself off Ferrol, almost under the batteries.
_	This has the effect that new Java installations only provide new language features and bug fixes, but they do not correct security vulnerabilities, because malicious programs can look for the older prior Java releases and use them rather than the newest versions.
_	Wright, worried about the effect that the introduction of Ezrin would have on the band's internal relationships, was keen to have a producer's credit on the album (their albums up to that point had always stated "Produced by Pink Floyd").
_	Most of the band were excited about the effect that bringing new leadership into the studio was having on their music, but Danny McNamara, the band's lead singer, had a tough time adjusting to Youth's production style: "January, February and March this year were the hardest time of my life.
_	Block has also studied the effect that aging has on the circadian system, collaborating with other leading chronobiologists including Michael Menaker.
_	His easy good nature had the effect that his political career was viewed with less seriousness by his contemporaries than it might otherwise have been.
_	The Abbasids followed their re-imposition of control over Armenia by a similar purge of the native Christian nobility in neighbouring Iberia in the 780s, as well as by a new settlement policy which saw increasing numbers of Arab Muslims settled in the Transcaucasus, with the effect that by the turn of the 9th century, the Arab element predominated in the towns and lowlands.
_	However, Kesselring divined the Allies' intentions; on 18 November, Lemelsen had signaled Kesselring to the effect that the Allied concentrations on the coast led him to expect the main attack on his left wing.
_	These displays demonstrate the effect that war has had on Canada's development and the role Canadians have played in international conflicts.
_	The experiment with the team-time-trial-like stages was not considered successful; the change did not have the effect that cyclists were riding more individually, but the stronger teams became even stronger.
_	On expiry of the inspection period, the Master and the magistrate (where the statement has lain with him) each issues a certificate to the effect that the statement has duly lain for inspection as advertised in the notice of surrender, and whether any objections have been lodged with him by creditors.
_	Irenaeus also writes that "The Elders witness to this, who in Asia conferred with John the Lord's disciple, to the effect that John had delivered these things unto them: for he abode with them until the times of Trajan.
_	A few Orthodox Jewish leaders maintain a geocentric model of the universe based on the aforementioned Biblical verses and an interpretation of Maimonides to the effect that he ruled that the Earth is orbited by the sun.
_	Obtaining a compassionate release for a prison inmate is a process that varies from country to country (and sometimes even within countries) but generally involves petitioning the warden or court to the effect that the subject is terminally ill and would benefit from obtaining aid outside of the prison system, or is otherwise eligible under the relevant law.
_	But there is a Mane tradition, recorded in writing about 1625, to the effect that they first reached the coast close by a Portuguese fortress.
_	The Depot itself is an artifact from an earlier time—the interior is divided into separate waiting rooms for white people and black people, with separate sets of toilets—allowing the society to educate visitors about the effect that lack of equal rights and racial equality had on both architecture and social customs.
_	The bill passed with the effect that, inasmuch as the magistrates practised according to native law, that native marriage customs and laws, including polygamy, were legalised in the colony.
_	This proves the effect that of embedded marketing on children can directly influence and motivate there product choice.
_	Charles, therefore, obtained a written opinion, signed by ten out of twelve judges consulted, to the effect that in time of national danger, of which the Crown was the sole judge, ship money might legally be levied on all parts of the country by writ under the Great Seal.
_	Reportedly the effect that caused the most headaches was turning select figures in photos black-and-white.
_	"At the beginning of March 1994, the Greek Cypriot teacher of the enclaved school in Ayia Triada, Ms. Eleni Foka, was very nearly expelled [from Northern Cyprus] after making a public statement to the effect that she felt threatened.
_	A series of acrimonious disputes between the ‘Turnerites’ and the majority of the Party culminated in a Party referendum and then a resolution being carried at the 1955 Party Conference to the effect that all members not in agreement with the Declaration of Principles be asked to resign.
_	While still an egg, he was captured by Nocturna, sent by Dreadwing to capture dragons' eggs for a genetic experiment performed by Gangryn, with the effect that when he hatched, he was able to project a strong electromagnetic current.
_	It is especially significant because it is an eyewitness account of the expansion of Islam into Sinai and Egypt, which were predominantly Christian, and of the effect that Moslem domination had on Christian life and beliefs.
_	Pozzovivo said in an interview that he was able to bicycle before he was able to walk on his way to recovery and that he sent his team an e-mail to the effect that he was ready to come back sooner than expected, at the Il Lombardia race.
_	On 22 July 2009 the prosecuting advocate stated the case against Mr Syvret which included the allegation – "Mr. Syvret’s comments on the blog were to the effect that Nurse # was clearly a dangerous homicidal maniac and that investigation into him had been stopped for political or corrupt reasons, leaving the people of Jersey in danger.
_	The rule is a modified version of Prout's hypothesis proposed in 1815, to the effect that atomic weights are multiples of the weight of the hydrogen atom.
_	In 1994, after "Chng Suan Sze" was decided, the Application of English Law Act was enacted with the effect that only English statutes specified in the First Schedule of the Act continued to apply in Singapore after 12 November 1993.
_	Yurovsky spoke briefly to the effect that their Romanov relatives had attempted to save the Imperial family, that this attempt had failed and that the Soviets were now obliged to shoot them all.
_	Weekly called the book "exciting" and that the authors "emphasize the effect that the ideas of liberty, equality and the rule of law have" in the shaping the transition from absolutism to democracy.
_	Today, it often considers the effect that people experience when they interact with a computer-mediated or computer-generated environment.
_	Science fiction and fantasy have traditionally been puritanical genres aimed at a male readership, and can be more restricted than non-genre literature by their conventions of characterisation and the effect that these conventions have on depictions of sexuality and gender.
_	The album's title is a reference to the HOPE VI projects in the United States, "where run-down public housing in areas with high crime rates has been demolished to make room for better housing, but with the effect that many previous residents could no longer afford to live there, leading to claims of social cleansing".
_	Boscawen was critical of the effect that the ETS will have on households and farmers, stating that the average power bill will rise 10%, fuel bills will rise by 7 cents per litre and dairy farms will face an increase in costs before agriculture enters the scheme of NZ$7,500 per year as a result of associated increases in fuel, electricity and the cost of processing milk products.
_	Ōe, about his day-to-day life with his mentally handicapped son, Hikari (represented by an alter ego called "Eeyore") and the effect that William Blake's poetry has had on both his life and work.
_	He resorted to a spray painting technique, which allowed for the effect that minimized the visibility of the edge.)
_	with the effect that he had to give up editing "Armchair Science" and a gardening magazine at the same publisher.
_	The book asserts that a variety of otherwise puzzling questions can be answered once one allows for the effect that emotional drives, or "animal spirits," have on economic factors.
_	Cochran began his commercial farming career growing strawberries using conventional methods, but switched to organic farming methods after he was nearly poisoned by pesticides and, as a result of this experience, questioned the effect that the chemicals had on his workers.
_	Fox Tree's work contributes both theory and data to many disciplines, such as computer technology and artificial intelligence (how machines can recognize and reproduce collateral signals), psychology (the role that collateral signals have in speech production and recognition), sociology (how various groups use collateral signals), linguistics (the structure and the function of collateral signals), and communication/media studies (the effect that the frequent editing of collateral signals from spontaneous radio talk might have on meaning).
_	In 1987, the Bundesprüfstelle für jugendgefährdende Medien (Federal Department for Media Harmful to Young Persons) put the songs "Claudia hat 'nen Schäferhund" and "Schlaflied" on the List of Media Harmful to Young People, with the effect that they could not be sold to minors, nor publicly advertised or displayed.
_	In order to cover up the identities of the two women involved, Blamey initially issued a press release to the effect that Brophy had accidentally shot himself (three times).
_	The ability to purchase meat is a luxury, Demitarian diet is a way to bring awareness to the effect that luxury has on the planet and our ability to negate that effect through our habits and personal choices.
_	However, it pursued a line of reasoning to the effect that proof of instigation of murder in a community of purpose without evidence of rebuttal raises an "inference of preconcerted arrangement".
_	As copper mines began to run out in Japan during the early eighteenth century which made the metal more scarce causing its value to increase, this had the effect that the price to manufacture more cash coins would go up and eventually the nominal value of the coins became lower than their intrinsic value.
_	Gordon-Cumming then sent a telegram to the prince asking to meet and informing him that "information I have recently received to the effect that the whole story is the subject of comment at the Turf Club ... the promise of secrecy made has been broken by those concerned".
_	In 1916 the Russian ambassador in London issued an official notice to the effect that the Imperial government considered Herald, along with other Arctic islands, integral parts of the Russian Empire.
_	Tranter later stated that Gray inserted a note inside the Westminster Stone, when repairing it, to the effect that it was 'a block of Old Red Sandstone of no value to anyone', although other reports state that Gray never revealed what the note said.
_	The first was the "yellow rain" accusation by the United States against the USSR, to the effect that the Soviets enabled the Laotian army to use deadly mycotoxins to attack Hmong refugees allied with the US during the Vietnam War.
_	Arguments were presented to the court, which Nkabinde J considered to be strong, to the effect that gender specificity in relation to rape reflected patriarchal stereotypes inconsistent with the Constitution.
_	But Rinck continued to write to the effect that if Hirscher were accepted as bishop there would be a worse schism than that of Ronge, and when the Government of Württemberg wanted to have Hirscher appointed coadjutor to the aged Bishop Keller, Rome refused.
_	On Saturday two shields bearing the arms of the two kings were hung upon this tree and a proclamation made to the effect that anyone who intended to attend the royal jousts and compete in feats of arms – such as the running at the tilt, fighting tourneys on horseback and fighting on foot at the barriers with swords should bring their shields of arms and have their names entered into the records kept by Clarencieux and Lancaster, officers-at-arms.
_	The maxim, said to have guided financiers in other countries, to the effect that wherever you see an object, tax it, fairly expressed the guiding policy of the early 19th century.
_	In 1981, while he was playing keyboards for Higher Ground, Smith was signed as a writer to Meadowgreen Music, where he wrote numerous gospel hits penned for artists such as Sandi Patty, Kathy Troccoli, Bill Gaither and Amy Grant, to the effect that some of these popular worship songs can now be found in church hymnals.
_	Their lawyer gave evidence to the effect that this was for two reasons: (1) stricter product liability laws, and (2) higher damages in Texas.
_	Jadunath Sarkar contends that several Muslim invaders were waging a systematic jihad against Hindus in India to the effect that "Every device short of massacre in cold blood was resorted to in order to convert heathen subjects".
_	This can also be seen from the fact that the status quo will be undermined if a demand for a trial for invalidation of the registered trademark is made within the exclusion period and the demand for a trial contains a statement to the effect that the registered trademark in question is in breach of Item (xv).
_	It defined a pistol as a firearm whose barrel did not exceed in length and made it illegal to sell or rent a pistol to anyone who could not produce a current gun licence or game licence, were exempt from the Gun Licence Act, could prove that they planned to use the pistol on their own property, or had a statement signed by a police officer of Inspector's rank or above or a Justice of the Peace to the effect that they were about to go abroad for six months or more.
_	Burr also puts additional pressure on Palfrey by faking correspondence between himself, Goodhew, and his American partner to the effect that they know about Palfrey's duplicity, to get him to work for them.
_	Before 10:00 of 15 June, an order was despatched from the Prussian headquarters to the III Corps (Thielemann's) to the effect that after resting during the night at Namur, it was to continue its march upon the morning of 16 June, towards Sombreffe.
_	Popocatépetl showed renewed activity in 1995 and 1996, forcing the evacuation of several nearby villages and causing concern by seismologists and government officials about the effect that a large-scale eruption might have on the heavily populated region nearby.
_	Hirsch responded to the effect that quality in art wasn't so much dependent on simply being new as it was on fresh interpretation of timeless themes and techniques.
_	The relevant legislation includes an express provision to the effect that a CCF established in an umbrella structure will not be subject to cross liability between funds in the umbrella.
_	Sultan Ali began to negotiate about peace, with the effect that the preparations for a joint expedition by Aru and the Portuguese were halted.
_	He worries about the effect that this dispute may potentially have on grassroots Muslim-Christian relations.
_	Rumours to the effect that Dryden bribed Calder to withdraw his protest persisted and hurt him politically.
_	On 5 May 1812 an ordinance was passed to the effect that the town formerly called Stabroek, with districts extending from La Penitence to the bridges in Kingston and entering upon the road to the military camps, shall be called Georgetown.
_	"Intentionality" has been called the "mark of the mental" because of some observations by the philosopher Brentano to the effect that mental states always have an inherent, intended (mental) object or content toward which they are "directed":
_	There is, in fact, substantial evidence in the record to the effect that other drug companies would not only have entered the market, had they been able to make bulk purchases, but also would have charged substantially lower wholesale prices for the dosage . . . forms of the drug.
_	It is common for lengthy negotiations to be written into a heads of agreement document that includes a clause to the effect that the rest of the agreement is to be negotiated.
_	But for several centuries past, the teaching of St. Thomas alone has prevailed and is accepted by the whole Church, to the effect that ordinations performed by heretical, schismatical or simoniacal ministers are to be considered as valid ["Tractatus de ordine", cap. iv, n. 136, in Migne, "Theologiæ cursus completus", XXV (Paris, 1841), 55].
_	It's also important to show the effect that these deaths have on our other characters.
_	In literature, the tone of a literary work is the effect that the writer creates on the readers through choice of writing style.
_	A statement to the effect that the Greek government had requested Lord Robert Cecil to invite the mediation of the League of Nations between Greece and Turkey was officially repudiated, but at the same time Greek government circles did not deny that Greece had informed Britain of the conditions on which she was prepared to make peace with Angora (September 20).
_	There is extensive evidence to the effect that corticosteroids (e.g. cortisone), commonly used to treat inflammations, allergies, skin conditions and even certain eye conditions, can trigger CSR, aggravate it and cause relapses.
_	After having quoted sayings of the rabbis, to the effect that the sinner who repents may rank higher than he who has never sinned, Bahya quotes the words of one of the masters to his disciples:
_	It was said by the French Ambassador that Cardinals Carpi and Ricci were circulating a story in the Conclave to the effect that Cardinal de' Medici had Lutheran tendencies, and that he had said that it might be necessary to loosen the requirements on celibacy of the clergy and to allow the laity to receive both the bread and the wine in Holy Communion.
_	This has the effect that the historical pattern of mutations can easily be studied.
_	In fact, the turn his character takes and the effect that it has on the party is ultimately why I think he's the most significant of "Final Fantasy XV"'s secondary characters."
