_	Amulo also cites Jerome in his "Contra Judaeos", who interpreted Ezekiel 4:4–6 to say that the first captivity should have been limited to 430 years; only half of the estimate that Amulo gives.
_	According to Dukorsky, subsequently Polish authorities were unwilling to accept portions of the speech that referred to Polish complicity in the Holocaust, in particular the estimate that Poles killed 200,000 Jews, and accounts from Holocaust survivors.
_	On the other hand, an anonymous source in the Intelligence Bureau has advanced the estimate that the MUF may have lost approximately 13 seats due to electoral malpractice.
_	I have heard the estimate that as many as 20,000 people will die each day that would have been saved by surgery."
_	Churches are full on Sundays, despite the estimate that only 10% of Poles actually attend services.
_	Critics claim that the estimate is unreliable for a number of reasons: figures for outmigration are not tracked by the federal government; the proportion of illegal immigrants who respond to the Census is unknown; the estimate that 10% of illegal immigrants do not respond to the census is arbitrary and unsupported by a sufficient sample size and geographic spread; and that the self reporting of where one was born relies on the honesty of the person being questioned.
_	Marwan reported on Sadat's decision and the military preparations for war but personally he expressed the estimate that ultimately Egypt would be deterred from militarily challenging Israel.
_	Recent investigations into Negro league statistics, using box scores from newspapers from across the United States, have led to the estimate that, although as many as two thirds of Negro league team games were played against inferior competition (as traveling exhibition games), Gibson still hit between 150 and 200 home runs in official Negro league games.
_	Another measure of the performance of the Dutch economy during the 18th century is the estimate that De Vries and Van der Woude have made of the per capita GDP of the Dutch economy in 1742 (for which year tax records provide a basis for estimation and extrapolation).
_	The manuscript had been reviewed by Felfe's former employers in the KGB, and during a press interview he gave the estimate that perhaps 10-15% of what he had written had been removed at their request, while their acceptance of certain other passages had surprised him.
_	Likewise, Christina Hoff Sommers criticized Wolf for publishing the estimate that 150,000 women were dying every year from anorexia.
_	Clifton has offered the estimate that ethylmercury clears from blood with a half-life of seven to 10 days in adult humans.
_	The CIA would drop its insistence on including the irregulars in the final tally of forces and add a prose addendum to the estimate that would explain the agency's position.
_	The dating for Atharvaveda is derived from the new metals and items mentioned therein; it, for example, mentions iron (as , literally "black metal"), and such mentions have led the scholars to the estimate that the Atharvaveda hymns were compiled in the early Indian Iron Age, c. 1200 to 1000 BC, corresponding to the early Kuru Kingdom.
_	The Bureau of the Unit reported a participation of 3,059,024 voters, 16.5% of the electoral roll, which was well above the estimate that several analysts had stated; 11 the general consensus was that a 10% participation would be considered a success.
_	This leads to the estimate that construction of the present church may have started by the latter part of the 17th century but was still unfinished by 1734.
_	It began with the estimate that "USSR-Satellite treatment of Korean developments, k, indicates that they assess their current military and political position as one of great strength in comparison with that of the West, and that they propose to exploit the apparent conviction of the West of its own present weakness."
_	The number of cases seemed to be doubling every 20 days, which led to the estimate that by January 2015 the number of cases in Liberia and Sierra Leone could grow to 1.4 million.
_	In 2011, the institute contributed towards the estimate that Earth was home to approximately 8.7 million species.
_	In one study, three of eight "de novo" mutations occurred in the postzygotic stage, leading to the estimate that up to one-third of "de novo" mutations result in somatic mosaicism.
_	David B. Goldstein, the Duke University geneticist who first found similarities between the founding mothers of Ashkenazi Jewry and European populations, said that, although Richards' analysis was well-done and 'could be right,' the estimate that 80% of Ashkenazi Jewish Mt-DNA is European was not statistically justified given the random rise and fall of mitochondrial DNA lineages.
_	The figure of 500 is often stated in secondary sources, based on the estimate that Peter Robinson gave speaking to a radio station from custody.
_	On the other hand, an anonymous source in the Intelligence Bureau has advanced the estimate that the MUF may have lost approximately 13 seats due to electoral malpractice.
