_	Later in the war it was decided that an emergency west coast port should be established, to continue transatlantic trade in the event that Glasgow or Liverpool docks were disabled by enemy action.
_	Many people use generators to supplement power to a home or business in the event that main (municipal) power has gone offline.
_	Kyle and her sister Kim attempt to move forward after the event that occurred in season one.
_	In the event that one accidentally hooks oneself or someone else, it is a good idea to carry a quality cutting pliers capable of cutting the hooks you are fishing with.
_	Redundant systems provide backup in the event that a primary system fails and allow a building to continue to function.
_	In addition, MHPAEA also requires that insurers provide specific information and reasons in the event that reimbursement or payment for treatment is denied.
_	Since its first appearance on live television in 1996 as the event that benefited the Otis F. Smith Foundation charity, the Florida Sports Awards had grown to the point of being recognized as a local version of the ESPYs.
_	After the tragedy at the previous race, the track prepared in the event that thunderstorms pass through the track.
_	In the event that SR 168 is closed, SR 266 connects to Nevada State Route 264, which intersects with U.S. Route 6 in order to provide an alternate access to California.
_	In the event that two species names have identical designations, they are discriminated from one another by adding one or more letters (as necessary) to each species designation.
_	While ground controllers searched for a way to command HST to unreel the solar array, Mission Specialists McCandless and Sullivan began preparing for a contingency spacewalk in the event that the array could not be deployed through ground control.
_	During these public denouncements however, Correa’s administration was secretly signing a letter allowing PetroChina to seize assets from any oil companies operating in Ecuador in the event that Ecuador would not pay back its loans to China in full.
_	In the event that foreign powers and envious neighbors attacked, the ruling nobles hired foreign mercenaries to fight for them.
_	In the event that a Citi Bike is lost or stolen, the member who last used it must file a theft report with the New York City Police Department within 24 hours, and they would be charged the maximum late fee.
_	This game is played similarly to the version played in the final match of , but one rule has been added: in the event that the turn passes five times without a "Hap!" call, the round automatically ends.
_	It is to name the indiscernible, the generic set, and thus name the event that re-casts ontology in a new light.
_	The clutch delay valve slows clutch engagement and was intended to reduce drivetrain shock in the event that an inexperienced driver quickly engaged the clutch at higher revs.
_	Cochrane believed it important for gay residents from a wide range of occupations to participate in the process and in the first week of November met with a group of nine friends and acquaintances who knew of his sexuality to discuss possible repercussions that he might suffer in the event that he himself gave public testimony on the matter.
_	The Guinness World Record for the largest pillow fight was set in July 2015 at a St. Paul Saints baseball game, where 6,261 participated in the event that was sponsored by the local manufacturer My Pillow.
_	In the event that the leader dies, resigns or loses his or her seat in Parliament, the deputy leader (if there is one) serves as interim leader until a leadership election takes place.
_	The stockbroking company is required to take all relevant and reasonable action against clients for the recovery of indebtedness which should be reimbursed to the remisier in the event that the remisier's security deposit has been utilised towards the satisfaction of indebtedness.
_	In the event that a tenant's circumstances change such that the tenant might become entitled to more housing benefit (for example, a fall in income), the tenant must notify the local authority within one month, or the increase will take place from the Monday following the date the notification takes place (unless the claimant can show a good enough reason for the delay).
_	As a precaution, sailors and marines from the Allied fleet were landed ashore to guard their respective diplomatic compounds and institutions with strict orders of maintaining neutrality in the event that violence would break out between the Turks and the Christians.
_	Justin Green of MCD told the paper: "We must warn you that in the event that an article critical of the event is published, we will take whatever action is necessary to prevent damage to the Oxegen event or MCD Productions."
_	The Federal government reserved the right to abrogate whatever uses the surrounding lands had been developed for in the event that it was deemed necessary for deposit procurement.
_	The station may also simulcast long-form severe weather coverage on KVII-DT2 in the event that a tornado warning is issued for any county within the Texas and Oklahoma Panhandles as well as Eastern New Mexico.
_	The Regency Act 1830 (1 Will.4 c.2) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed to cater for the event that King William IV died while the next person in line to the throne was not yet aged 18.
_	The digital floor plans allow first responders to access the schools plans in the event that they are needed to help respond to an active shooter or other emergency that a school may experience.
_	In the event that formula_50, formula_51 and both points lie on the axis of rotation.
_	The team was unsuccessful, losing out to DAMS and Arden Caterham, but were placed on a reserve list, granting them automatic entry to the grid in the event that any of the existing thirteen teams failed to be ready in time.
_	During Irwin's growing success with "The Crocodile Hunter" show, Mannion would often star in the show as Steve's right hand and co-host, in the event that Irwin's wife Terri was unable to be there.
_	Backup maintains information in the event that hardware must be replaced.
_	Although the deposit-guarantee scheme was unable to "cope with the failure of 85% of the Icelandic banking system within a few days in October 2008", this does not require the Icelandic Government to be liable "to pay the sums specified in the Directive in the event that the deposit-guarantee scheme fails".
_	It likewise soured Sada Kaur; however she accommodated herself to Ranjit's polygamous wander in light of the fact that she had set her heart on greater and better things and was resolved to see that for her own particular purpose and the purpose of her exclusive tyke (and her offspring in the event that she had any), Ranjit Singh do the arrangements that she had set for him.
_	The new verse reflects the event that just happened ("You killed Billy Rayford/ 'neath an old willow tree..."), and foreshadows a future attack.
_	Activision announced on the first day of the event that the upcoming "Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3" Hardened Edition would include the "Modern Warfare 3" game disc with "unique disc art", a 1-year premium membership to Call of Duty: Elite, Special Founder status on Call of Duty: Elite which includes an exclusive in-game emblem, playercard, weapon camouflage, clan XP boost, and more exclusive benefits, collectible steelbook case, exclusive Special Ops Juggernaut Xbox
_	In markets where Viacom had a CBS/UPN duopoly after its 2000 merger with CBS, the UPN station was used to air CBS network programs in the event that local sporting events or extended breaking news coverage would air on the CBS station, sometimes resulting in UPN programs being pre-empted outright, as the CBS-owned outlets were usually the senior partner in the duopolies (the only exception being Detroit, where WKBD-TV is considered the senior partner to WWJ-TV due to WKBD being longer-established).
_	Paradoxically, the event that caused the destruction of these texts may have resulted in the preservation of the Persepolis Administrative Archives, which might otherwise have been lost over time to natural and man-made events.
_	The American Red Cross and Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) recommend that individuals and families maintain disaster supply kits in the event that an emergency disrupts food supply or public water systems, blocks roads, or leaves people unable to find essentials.
_	Depending on the severity of the event that has occurred, the Board of Inquiry could be called by the Secretary of the Navy, or a lesser authority reporting to a higher authority.
_	The exemption does not affect the contractual relations between Apple and an iPhone owner, for example, jailbreaking voiding the iPhone warranty; however, it is solely based on Apple's discretion on whether they will fix jailbroken devices in the event that they need to be repaired.
_	Norman led the group in classes to teach them how to relive the event that had culminated in Isis' assassination and took them to the expected landing site to stir their memories.
_	In the event that they deviated from a radical agenda, anarchists were to rebel against them.
_	Habib Bakir vs. Fernando Loureiro for the WKN lightweight world title headlined the event that took place in the city of Lagos.
_	The Guard's secondary purpose is to assume the state mission of the Puerto Rico National Guard in the event that the National Guard is mobilized.
_	In the event that teams finish on equal points, then a play-off will be used to determine group placings if necessary, i.e. where to decide relegation places or quarter-finalists.
_	In practice, however, it is usually desirable that at any given moment all endpoints on a gateway should be controlled by the same call agent; other call agents are available to provide redundancy in the event that the primary call agent fails, or loses contact with the media gateway.
_	Bird sought to balance the adventurous and "ordinary" components of the family's lives, explaining that audiences would appreciate and relate to moments when Violet uses her powers in the event that she feels humiliated.
_	The idea was eventually scrapped, because in the event that the scene would have to be reshot, the time to reset all the cars in their start position would take too long.
_	This was so to prevent the investments in the rail assets being rendered a wastage in the event that the operator is unable to fund for when the need arises.
_	T. R. Fehrenbach, a military historian, wrote in his analysis of the event that North Korean troops committing these acts were probably accustomed to torture and execution of prisoners due to decades of rule by oppressive armies of the Empire of Japan up until World War II.
_	In the event that two or more teams finish the season equal in all these respects, teams are separated by alphabetical order, unless a promotion, relegation or play-off place (see below) is at stake, when the teams are separated by a play-off game, though this improbable situation has never arisen in all the years the rule has existed.
_	The State Defense Force is a military entity described by the Florida Statutes as a state-authorized militia prepared to assume the state mission of the Florida National Guard in the event that all of Florida's National Guard units are federally mobilized and authorized by executive order when the situation requires.
_	More than 1,000 people attended the event that year.
_	There are well over a dozen Polish parishes and chapels in Paris that celebrate Mass in Polish, or in the event that there are Francophone visitors, in both Polish and French language.
_	A bequest of £15,000 to his daughter Mary was revoked in the event that she married a native of Ireland.
_	The Mercedes SLS solved this problem by fitting explosive bolts in the hinges, that would blow up in the event that the car rolls over.
_	”In the event that you find certain sequences or events confusing, please bear in mind this is your fault, not ours.
_	Concerns were also raised in regard to the privacy and security of Google Glass users in the event that the device is stolen or lost, an issue that was raised by a US congressional committee.
_	In the event that the nerves and the brain are no longer communicating effectively, resulting in a bowel/bladder disorder, this type of treatment is designed to imitate a signal sent via the central nervous system.
_	This second squadron was stocked with coal and ammunition in the event that it would need to reinforce the squadron at Smryna.
_	In March, Young endorsed Democratic Senator Richard Russell, Jr. for the presidency, citing him as "superbly qualified" for the position and stated his willingness to support him in the event that he was nominated by his party.
_	Sucre makes the phone call to Bellick's mother, as he promised that he would in the event that anything happened to him.
_	In the event that Britain abandoned its Entente friends, Britain feared that if Germany won the war, or the Entente won without British support, then, either way, it would be left without any friends.
_	In his pocket was a piece of metal that he had apparently ripped from the prison wall to stab himself with, in the event that he was unsuccessful at hanging himself.
_	The WCG Grand Finals in San Francisco in 2004 was Stuart's first LAN event, but he is eager to return to the event that gave him a chance to see how amazing competitive LANs can be!
_	The capital shares bear greater risk than the preferred shares in the event that the value of the underlying basket of conventional shares falls in value.
_	She said that the UK government would "consider in detail the response from the Russian State" and in the event that there was no credible response, the government would "conclude that this action amounts to an unlawful use of force by the Russian State against the United Kingdom" and measures would follow.
_	Some load balancers provide a mechanism for doing something special in the event that all backend servers are unavailable.
_	In the event that the offices of the governor of Florida and lieutenant governor of Florida are vacated, the attorney general then becomes governor.
_	The administration worried about the potential impact on US–Indonesian relations in the event that a forced incorporation of East Timor was met with a major Congressional reaction.
_	Murat Halstead, official historian of the Philippine Expedition, writes that General Merritt remarked shortly after his arrival on 25 June, "As General Aguinaldo did not visit me on my arrival, nor offer his services as a subordinate military leader, and as my instructions from the President fully contemplated the occupation of the islands by the American land forces, and stated that 'the powers of the military occupant are absolute and supreme and immediately operate upon the political condition of the inhabitants,' I did not consider it wise to hold any direct communication with the insurgent leader until I should be in possession of the city of Manila, especially as I would not until then be in a position to issue a proclamation and enforce my authority, in the event that his pretensions should clash with my designs."
_	This decision, in summary, finds that it is unconstitutional for women to be deprived of their Italian citizenship in the event that they acquired a new citizenship automatically by marriage.
_	Occasionally as time permits, KQCW may air CBS network programs normally seen on KOTV in the event that channel 6 is unable to air them because of extended breaking news coverage; however, because of channel 19's CW programming commitments, this capacity is primarily held by KOTV's News on 6 Now subchannel.
_	In 1883, the King of Romania, Carol I of Hohenzollern, signed a secret treaty with the Triple Alliance that stipulated Romania's obligation to go to war only in the event that Austro-Hungarian Empire was attacked.
_	On 20 July 875, al-Mu'tamid formally arranged for the governance of the state and his succession: Ja'far, given the honorific name "al-Mufawwad ila-llah", was named heir-apparent and assigned the western half of the Caliphate, while al-Mu'tamid's brother, Abu Ahmad, known as "al-Muwaffaq", received the eastern provinces and was named second heir, except for the event that the Caliph died while al-Mufawwad was still a minor.
_	In the event that both acts wish to sing the same song from that shortlist, the performer in 2nd place has priority.
_	This means that in the event that a bioethanol plant declares loss in production and marketing, the government will provide a subsidy equal to the gap between marketing revenues and production costs plus a reasonable profit that the firm could have obtained from an alternative investment.
_	The EPF is intended to help employees from the private sector save a fraction of their salary in a lifetime banking scheme, to be used primarily as a retirement fund but also in the event that the employee is temporarily or no longer fit to work.
_	The conclusion of the long struggle was that Davíð Oddsson withdrew the bill instead of holding a national referendum on it, as required by the Icelandic constitution in the event that the president refuses to sign a bill into law.
_	In this case, the awardees or the consortium bears almost all the operating risks and is not paid in the event that the project or system fails.
_	Craig Wayne Boyd, Matt McAndrew, and Chris Jamison also recorded songs in the event that they were eliminated that night.
_	A visual control system must have an action component associated with it in the event that the visually represented procedures are not being followed in the real production process.
_	The colony sent a representative, Charles Villar, to Washington to plead their case and Congress complied with a supplementary act on 26 April 1822 that allowed the settlers to retain their land in the event that growing grapes and olives proved fruitless.
_	Close to Whitney's due date, a mentally unstable Gwen kidnaps Ethan and Theresa's newborn daughter, Jane, and flees the country with her; when Fox sets off to find his sister-in-law and niece, Whitney convinces him to give her his power of attorney in the event that she needs to conduct any business on his behalf.
_	In the event that there the contestant has no contenders, the contender will be selected randomly.
_	Joshua asked himself what his father would do in the event that he discovered the man who murdered his family during the Holocaust.
_	Further to this, in the early days of the NL, the league had (and often enforced) a policy of moving games to an opponent's stadium in the event that the paid attendance fell to the point where visiting teams would be left unable to meet their expenses to make the trip.
_	In the event that one's expectations are proven wrong, the attempt at dissonance reduction may result in increasing it instead.
_	In the event that none of the known descendants choose to claim the Chiefship, a process overseen by the Lyon Court called a Family Convention or Derbhfine can be used to elect a Commander and, if after 10 years’ service there are no contraindications or counter-claims, then the Commander may be recognised as the Clan’s new hereditary Chief.
_	The third and fifth ships to be produced were earmarked for the RNZN in the event that approval to order two more frigates was given, with two more ships for the RAN to be added at the end of the production run.
_	When he went, Mr. R. (as well as the other men in attendance) would usually bring a slave with them to help in the event that a fight broke out, or to get home because they were frequently too drunk to make it back or even get on their horses.
_	In the event that an aneuploidic gamete is fertilized, a number of syndromes might result.
_	Wandsworth Council have confirmed to the Commons Conservators that they intend to Compulsorily Purchase the Common in the event that the Conservators lose the case.
_	On 5 July, a YouGov opinion poll commissioned by ITV Wales indicated that 35% would vote in favour of Welsh independence in the event that it meant Wales could stay in the European Union, but Professor Roger Scully, of Cardiff University's Wales Governance Centre said the poll indicated a "clear majority" against Wales ceasing to be part of the UK: “The overall message appears to be that while Brexit might reopen the discussion on Welsh independence there is little sign that the Leave vote in the EU referendum has yet inclined growing numbers of people to vote Leave in a referendum on Welsh independence from the UK."
_	Jeff Carter was later considered by Team Canada to join the squad in the event that Ryan Getzlaf is unable to play.
_	The speech raised 1 million dollars for Goldwater and is considered the event that launched Reagan's political career.
_	This significantly reduces the risk of electric shock in the event that one of the live conductors becomes exposed through an equipment fault whilst still allowing a reasonable voltage of 110 V between the two conductors for running the tools.
_	In the event that a use is perceived to be harmful, it requires member states to negotiate a mutually acceptable solution, appealing for arbitration as necessary to uninvolved states or international organizations such as the International Court of Justice.
_	The exclusionary nature of this race is a rare phenomenon in the Olympic Games, which in general include only events open to all competitors; Bill Mallon, in his book about the 1896 Games, says of the event that ""its inclusion in the Olympic records is dubious at best"".
_	In the event that the MP is not a Labour MP, or the sitting MP is retiring or has lost their trigger ballot, a full selection is organised.
_	Following a meeting between chief meteorologist Carl Arredondo and then-news director Sandy Breland on enacting a plan to evacuate station staff, at 10:45 p.m. on August 28, the station moved its operations to the Manship School of Mass Communications at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge—which had agreed the year prior to allow WWL to use the journalism school as a backup facility in the event that a major hurricane forced the station to evacuate from New Orleans.
_	On Mount Samat, there is a relief commemorating the event that lead to the awarding of the Medal of Honor.
_	In the event that the bases would be loaded and the batter would walk to first base, thus resulting in a run being scored, since it is an error, it is not awarded to the batter as run batted in.
_	Pussyfoot came fourth in the contest, with media commentators speculating after the event that Jones was, once again, too raunchy for British tastes.
_	Underinsured Motorist Bodily Injury Coverage protects a driver by financially compensating him for his injury in the event that he is injured in an accident by someone else who negligently caused his injuries when the driver or owner has liability coverage for his or her vehicle that is less than the amount of the victim's liability coverage.
_	However, the Army insisted on the inclusion of a forward assist to help push the bolt into battery in the event that a cartridge failed to seat into the chamber.
_	By 1999, Diamond had begun laying new track for the project, but in 2003 transportation officials elected to revoke Diamond's rights to the route's right of way, instead intending to sell them to the highest bidder in the event that the project ever moved forward.
_	He kept this plan a secret in the event that a training accident would prevent his entry and cause him to lose face.
_	Tech alumni and fans began raising money to aid Leach in paying the penalty in the event that it was upheld.
_	Mary Shelley described the event that inspired Shelley to write "To a Skylark":
_	In the event that he might never have a male heir, he entailed the lordship of Lorne to his uncle Colin; if his uncle were to die, to his other uncle, Duncan Campbell; then to Colin Campbell of Arduquholm and to the heirs male of his body, which failing, then to his brothers, Archibald and Robert.
_	In the event that any Olympic region is not represented, the highest ranked team from that continent qualifies for the tournament.
_	Being asked about the success of his "Crossroads"-releases, Clapton recalled the key players of the event that lead to the success of the concert film releases:
_	In the event that a nest site is inadequate for further colony development, a new site can be found and the colony can migrate, the workers carrying the larvae and pupae.
_	In addition, it was preceded by the statement that it only operated "in the event that the [...]
_	Thomas Drake, one of the presenters, told reporters after the event that the US had "unchained itself from their own constitution" by banning the "real law and [using] a secret law and secret interpretations of law."
_	Under the codename of "'Teodora de Bolivar'", allegedly in reference to the Senator, she would be one of twelve people mentioned as part of a potential transitional government set up by the FARC in the event that they seized power in Colombia.
_	Initial payments were set below expectations for the crop year, a risk factor that was built in to guard against the event that price expectations are not met.
_	Odewale is confronted by Gbonka, a messenger, who tells of the event that lead to King Adetusa's end.
_	In the event that they are suspected of serious wrongdoing, the president and cabinet-level officials are subject to impeachment by the National Assembly.
_	Should that member vacate his or her seat, in the event that a by-election is not called, it appears that an unelected member from the party who lacks a popular mandate would have to take care of the constituency temporarily.
_	In 1912, a sawmill in Jamison City went out of business, which was the event that started the decline of the Bloomsburg and Sullivan Railroad, and a tannery going out of business in Jamison City in 1925 furthered the railroad's decline.
_	John W. Young and their space craft in the event that they ended their flight after two rather than the three scheduled orbits.
_	The terms required that the rackets club and the Queen's Club Championships remain unaffected (the site's value for residential or commercial redevelopment might greatly exceed its value as a sports club, in the event that planning permission could be obtained, and the LTA wished to preserve the club's role in British tennis).
_	In the event that Philip should die childless, the House of Bourbon had decided that Louis Joseph would become the next king of Spain.
_	In the event that the launch motor malfunctions and the launch tube is overpressurized—for example, if the rocket gets stuck—the Javelin missile includes a pressure release system to prevent the launcher from exploding.
_	The acceptance lists for the event were released by the International Tennis Federation (ITF) on 29 June. 39 countries are represented in the event that involves both 32 players for the singles and 16 pairs for the doubles.
_	Sheet provides specific safety and hazard information, and this must be provided to physicians in the event that the product has been mis-used so that appropriate diagnostic testing and treatment can be obtained in a timely manner.
_	In the event that illness occurs, Muslims are obliged to seek medical treatment in a manner which is Islamically appropriate and permissible.
_	World Cup in Mexico, the event that Ertegüns used to further establish contacts in the soccer world by throwing lavish parties one of which was attended by Pelé, the brothers came back to New York and held Ross to his promise so he and longtime associate Jay Emmett called and convinced eight other executives to contribute $35,000 each towards establishing a new soccer franchise that would compete in the struggling North American Soccer League.
_	New Zealand became more directly involved in the Emergency from 1955, following its decision to contribute forces to the British Commonwealth Far East Strategic Reserve, the primary role of which was to deter communist aggression in South-East Asia, and to provide a capacity for the immediate implementation of defence plans in the event that deterrence failed.
_	Inspired by Wolverine, they were "Plan B" in the event that the X-Men had fallen.
_	In the event that the queen gave birth to a daughter, Philip undertook to renounce Navarre and Champagne in favor of the princesses, if they renounced the crown of France at the age of consent.
_	FCEs are also used to determine eligibility for disability insurance, or pension eligibility in the event that an employee is permanently unable to return to work.
_	In the event that both of the directly qualifying teams from the 2013 National Championships already qualified via the 2012 National Championships, giving a total of two directly qualified teams, the HPP Selection Committee will select two additional teams to compete in the Trials, making a total of four teams.
_	In the event that one of the directly qualifying teams from the 2013 National Championships already qualified via the 2012 National Championships, giving a total of three directly qualified teams, the selection committee will select one additional team to compete in the Trials, making a total of four teams.
_	While ground controllers searched for a way to command HST to unreel the solar array, Mission Specialists McCandless and Sullivan began preparing for a contingency spacewalk in the event that the array could not be deployed through ground control.
_	Like the pressurized water reactor, the BWR reactor core continues to produce heat from radioactive decay after the fission reactions have stopped, making a core damage incident possible in the event that all safety systems have failed and the core does not receive coolant.
_	Alex gets hit, in a literary reprise of the event that brought him into the prison system to begin with, and he gives up.
_	Nuclear submarines are given letters of last resort: orders on what action to take in the event that an enemy nuclear strike has destroyed the government.
_	In the event that Rural Metro Fire Department provides services to non-subscribers either in or around the communities they serve, the property owner is billed after the incident to recoup costs associated with the emergency.
_	After a higher-than-anticipated turnout to games in the first round of the season, capacity became an issue to AFL Women's organisers, who considered holding the grand final at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in the event that a Melbourne team became minor premiers.
_	In the event that Hankey would turn down the offer, Cecil together with American Edward M. House had developed a contingency plan that substituted Hankey with Sir Eric Drummond.
_	In that interview, he also denied that Manson had come to the Hinman residence during the event that led to the murder, although he later reversed himself about that aspect.
_	She became an instructor after only one week, and the studio owner invited her to attend the United States Ballroom Championships in New York City, which was the event that influenced her to commit to a career in ballroom dancing.
_	This House... believes that the case for war against Iraq has not yet been established, especially given the absence of specific United Nations authorisation; but, in the event that hostilities do commence, pledges its total support for the British forces engaged in the Middle East, expresses its admiration for their courage, skill and devotion to duty, and hopes that their tasks will be swiftly concluded with minimal casualties on all sides...
_	The is the youngest of the four shinnōke, branches of the Imperial Family of Japan which were eligible to succeed to the Chrysanthemum Throne in the event that the main line should die out.
_	Each locomotive is capable of hauling the train on its own in the event that its partner fails.
_	In the event that both locomotives fail, the next scheduled train and its two fully functioning locomotives has sufficient power to move both its own load and the disabled train through the tunnel.
_	Commenting on Barbara Gordon's eventual evolution into Oracle, she states "[m]any readers and individuals within the industry believe that Barbara Gordon became a 'better' character after she was paralyzed, but few people comment on specifics of the event that allowed her to become that 'better' character."
_	In 1995, following the murder of the late Yitzhak Rabin, Etgar initiated privately, for the first time, a poster for the event that eventually became a stepping stone and an icon for his work, and would later open his solo exhibition at the Israel Museum.
_	In the event that a toxic injury occurs, victims may have the option to file a specific type of lawsuit called a toxic tort.
_	And the public imagination was so well caught by the event that annual races in Boston, Massachusetts, and London, and at future Olympics, were henceforward staged over exactly the same, 26-mile, 385-yard distance used for the 1908 Olympic Marathon, and the official length of the event worldwide to this day.
_	Additionally, because Krug preserves the individual character of each wine, winegrowers are able to taste each of the wines selected from their plots and follow their evolution over time in the event that their wines are selected as Krug reserve wines.
_	The practice is controversial, because some customers believed they were taking out loans to buy a pet when, in fact, they were only leasing an animal that could be repossessed by the lender in the event that payments were not kept up.
_	He revealed at the event that he has been married since December 2014.
_	In the event that this unsuccessful and the distinction between the heroes present unclear, the matter would be taken to arbitration, as in the similar Ulster Cycle tale "Fled Bricrenn"; Chadwick suggests that this arbitration may be parodied when Mac Da Thó releases Ailbe to see which province the hound would side with first.
_	In exchange for their concession the Northwest Airlines pilots demanded in return that the pilots of these new aircraft would eventually "flow-up" into mainline pilot jobs at Northwest Airlines, and that Northwest Airlines pilots would retain the ability to "flow-down" into the newly subcontracted pilot jobs in the event that Northwest Airlines were to furlough the mainline pilots.
_	A dead heat in the 1877 race is the only time in the event that such an official result has been given.
_	Tracy McLoone of "PopMatters" reviewed, ""Kim Possible" includes adult-friendly humor, in the event that parents feel the need to watch tv (sic) with their kids.
_	Let formula_58 denote the event that the source sequence formula_59 was mapped to the same message as the source sequence formula_54 and that formula_61.
_	Thus, letting formula_62 denote the event that the two source sequences formula_63 and formula_64 map to the same message, we have that
_	The purpose of the "Emergency Federal Register" would be to permit the continuation of such required publication but from a location outside of Washington, DC, in the event that city were overrun or rendered uninhabitable, or by methods or means other than bound paper, possibly including broadcast transmission or a town crier system.
_	A large crowd had gathered in the rain to watch the event that took place inside the walls of the Leverett Street Jail.
_	TNA announced via their official website a few days prior to the event that Kevin Nash would be unable to appear in the Lethal Lockdown match due to a staph infection.
_	Tacitus also writes that Agrippina arranged for Claudius' doctor Xenophon to administer poison, in the event that the Emperor survived.
_	Further, except in the event that a mortal sin would result, the pope was to be obeyed in everything he commanded, including violations of positive law, since the pope was above that law.
_	In the event that the problem is grave and a full scan is required, Action Center notifies the user to take the volume offline at the first convenience.
_	This ambition is incorporated into Chiltern's franchise agreement, which identifies the reopening of the GCML between Aylesbury (or in the event that the Varsity Line is partially reopened) and Leicester is a "secondary aspiration" of Chiltern's franchise.
_	In this reality, they have never had a powercut—the event that kick-starts the happenings of the Prime Reality.
_	Notably, young Hurley is not overweight at all in this scene, and he comments that his mother doesn't approve of him eating sweets, implying that this was the event that caused Hurley to become overweight.
_	While snooping through Zena's underwear drawer, Barney finds a manuscript written by Captain Latham—the same Captain who had built the house that Barney and his parents were renting—telling of the event that caused his brother to go crazy.
_	In the event that a former School Captain should return to study in the school for the Lower and Upper Six form, he would immediately assume the post of Honorary School Captain and be part of the Executive Committee until the incumbent Executive Committee retires.
_	In the event that proliferating cells become uncontrolled, by any measure, this mutated activity would certainly be characteristic of an increased risk in one’s chances of developing cancer.
_	Fuller Torrey and Judy Miller suggest that the event that inspired the poem was the sudden death of Carroll's beloved uncle, Robert Wilfred Skeffington Lutwidge, caused by a violent mentally ill patient in 1873, during Lutwidge's time as an inspector of lunatic asylums.
_	Although the event that marked the beginning of 1988 was orderly and well-attended, the D.C. government withdrew its funding later that year because the event's costs had become prohibitive.
_	In the event that the block trade is not allocated on the trade date, the block itself must be reported with the fund manager as counterparty.
_	The United States has a two-man rule in place at the nuclear launch facilities, and while only the president can order the release of nuclear weapons, the order must be verified by the Secretary of Defense to be an authentic order given by the president (there is a hierarchy of succession in the event that the president is killed in an attack).
_	The way that Sayf ibn Dhī Yazan is built up as a hero propagating Islam was without doubt encouraged by the event that triggered writing of the "Sīrat", which was according to Jean-Claude Garcin the capture of Zeila in modern-day Somalia by Yeshaq I, the Ethiopian Negus, en 1415 and the "jihād" that followed it until 1445 without the Muslims getting the upper hand over the Ethiopian power.
_	In the event that "From Dust" became a "huge success", Bunier suggested that the company could do another, disc-based version.
_	Once the finance charge has been identified, the Rule of 78s is used to calculate the amount of the finance charge to be rebated (forgiven) in the event that the loan is repaid early, prior to the agreed upon number of payments.
_	The Club Protection Program provides compensation for clubs in the event that national A-team players participating for their national association suffer a temporary total disablement (TTD) as a result of bodily injuries caused by an accident.
_	This room is trapped, so that in the event that 39013 does not return, a dripping reservoir will run dry.
_	On the event that the pixel is located on the edge it will take the value of the more smooth, least textured region.
_	As a contingency plan, ABC approached SJL Broadcast Management (later known as Montecito Broadcast Group, now SJL Broadcasting and once again controlled by the principals of Lilly Broadcasting) about buying Toledo, Ohio's WTVG (channel 13) and Flint's WJRT-TV (channel 12) to cover the Detroit area, in the event that WXYZ became a CBS station.
_	Defense Minister Amir Peretz stated in the event that he had been in contact with the family on a weekly basis in order to encourage the family.
_	The Replacement Army ("Ersatzheer") had an operational plan called Operation Valkyrie, which was to be used in the event that the disruption caused by the Allied bombing of German cities caused a breakdown in law and order, or an uprising by the millions of forced labourers from occupied countries now being used in German factories.
_	Lee applied for permission to play in the 2013 World Championship in the event that the proceedings against him would be brought to a close before the draw was made, but it later transpired that he would be unable to participate in the tournament after learning that his hearing would not take place before the qualifying draw.
_	The schooner remained in that vicinity, ready to help to defend the seat of the Federal Government in the event that Robert E. Lee's army — which had crossed the Potomac River into Maryland — attack.
_	Like the Royal Rumble, the World War 3 match was held at the event that shared its name.
_	In the event that that party or coalition wins an election, the Leader of the Opposition will most likely become the Chief Minister.
_	In the event that a mercenary under his employ violated his contract, Hammer would send an enforcement unit (usually led by his most reliable supervillain employee Blacklash) to attack the rogue and confiscate his assigned equipment.
_	The creation of a specific diagnosis for children reflects the lesser ability of children to have insight into what they are experiencing, or ability to express it in the event that they have insight.
_	In the event that resources become limited, resources are first withheld from green, then yellow categories.
_	It was later revealed following the event that Pacquiao had sustained an undisclosed injury to his right shoulder while training, and that while it had healed in time for the fight, he re-injured it during the 4th round.
_	If there are no beneficiaries, nobody can enforce the trust in the event that the trustees fail to carry out their duties.
_	In addition, the parliament adopted a resolution stating that in the event that a majority of EU and UN states recognise Kosovo's independence, Republika Srpska would cite the Kosovo secession as a precedent and move to hold a referendum on its own constitutional status within Bosnia and Herzegovina.
_	In the event that an injured neuron degenerates or does not regenerate properly, the neuron loses its function or may not function properly.
_	Che or his situation—and every choreographed battle sequence is a sort of algorithm where the camera attempts to inscribe the event that is being enacted".
_	In the event that aggregate scores finished level, the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs progressed.
_	In the event that auction revenues are insufficient to cover the State’s public aid for telecommunications infrastructure construction, the shortfall would be made up with a telecommunications network compensatory payment to be collected from telecommunications operators.
_	In 1636 Willem van Heythuijsen had his will and testament drawn up with the plans for this hofje in the event that he and his sister would die without issue.
_	This is not a dramatisation of the event that traumatised May however as that happened in girlhood and Amy is described in the text as "scarcely a girl any more."
_	Let formula_140 the event that the exponential mechanism outputs some dataset formula_92 such that formula_142.
_	In the face of aggressions by Napoleon I, who had been proclaimed "Emperor of the French" (French: "Empereur des Français"), by the French constitution on 18 May 1804, Francis II feared for the future of the Holy Roman Empire and wished to maintain his and his family's Imperial status in the event that the Holy Roman Empire should be dissolved.
_	In the event that a connection is lost between a registered listener and a channel, ongoing changes will be guaranteed delivery once the connection is re-established.
_	But only the Rock Dove has been used traditionally as a messenger of the event that they are released at.
_	A pamphlet titled “First Step” was published so that others could gain experience for a major fast in the event that the nuclear arms race was not stopped by Hiroshima Day, August 6, 1983.
_	At this point, "Noticiero Telemundo" consisted of two half-hour evening newscasts: a seven-night-a-week general news broadcast focusing on news stories from the United States and around the world, with a focus on issues pertaining to the Latino American community; and a companion weeknight-only late news program produced out of the network's newly created Mexico City bureau, "Noticiero Telemundo Internacional", which was produced by Telemundo Internacional (the latter program effectively served as a placeholder show, as it was pre-empted on many of Telemundo's news-producing O&O stations and select affiliates, and was only aired on those that did not operate their own news department, in the event that a station pre-empted their regular local newscasts during major national holidays or the network's national feed in markets where there was no in-market affiliate), an internationally focused news program produced out of its new bureau in Mexico City.
_	In his will, Robert of Naples named Maria heir to the kingdom of Naples in the event that Joanna I died childless.
_	Bishop Nelson stated that on the event that gay marriage is legalised in Australia, if he believes that religious freedom is not adequately protected he will refuse to register any marriages.
_	Wellstone campaign manager Jeff Blodgett noted after the event that it had not been scripted and apologized to people who were offended or surprised.
_	In the event that Taylor dies, the player can rewind to a past decision and try again.
_	2) In the event that operations should be halted, a call to the United-Nations for a cease-fire."
_	A witness device cannot be shared between two halves of a split cluster, so in the event that all cluster members cannot communicate with each other (e.g., failed heartbeat), if a member cannot access the witness, it cannot become active.
_	Iye and Uwala founded the town of Batere in the event that their brother should need a refuge.
_	In 889, Arnulf persuaded the East Frankish nobility to recognise Zwentibold and Ratold as his heirs in the event that no legitimate son was born to the queen.
_	In the process they nearly destroyed the world and one of their own, Franken von Vogler, was lost in the event that went down in history as the "Tragedy of Bashtarle."
_	In the event that the main waterway is out of service, the bridge is swung by tugboats to widen the passage width to 200m or more, enabling the passage of larger vessels.
_	In the event that two teams finish in a tie for first place, the championship game berth goes to the winner of the season's head-to-head contest between the two teams.
_	For example, one 'combi' might supply the downstairs heating system and another the upstairs, duplication guarding against complete loss of heating and DHW in the event that one unit fails, provided that the two systems are interconnected with valves (normally closed).
_	In the event that a fourth chain was needed to decide the game, the point values were 40 points per word and 80 for the final word.
_	In both the PWR and the BWR there are secondary systems (and often even tertiary systems) that will insert control rods in the event that primary rapid insertion does not promptly and fully actuate.
_	The letter was reportedly addressed to Gina Haspel, the designated Director of the Central Intelligence Agency and appealed for the Trump Administration to support Najib's administration even in the event that Barisan Nasional won by a simple majority or just one seat.
_	Although transitional measures are legislated to end after 2012, the Government has suggested that they will be extended in the event that major trading partners such as the USA and Australia do not implement emissions trading schemes of their own before then.
_	In the event that the layout of the model is too large to be undertaken by the speed gained from the drop, the train will simply stop in the valley or rollback.
_	According to Langs, the conscious mind thereby adapts, by surviving the event that seemed unbearable, but simultaneously fails to adapt, by leaving unconscious what it might have gained from the experience.
_	According to the treaty, Philip became William's heir in the event that the prince had no son, but should Philip died without issue, the inheritance would revert to Charles or Charles's heir.
_	The crossovers would allow the station to be used as a terminal in the event that the terminal at Beach 116th Street was unavailable.
_	However, in the event that the ball brushes the edge of the bat, or the catch is taken very close to the ground, or the ball appears to have bounced off the batsman's foot (so it has not touched the ground), or the ball appearing to come off the bat very close to the pitch surface (bump ball), or if the batsman is reluctant to accept that he has been dismissed, the fielding team has to appeal to the umpire for this decision.
_	This allows a hard drive to be changed back, even in the event that the Operating System is unable to boot, while also protecting the filesystem from alteration so that the revert information remains correct.
_	It was then revealed at the event that Ichiki was to in fact be chosen as Head of Public Relations, with his audition revealed to be a candid-camera style fake.
_	The team arranged that Bonnett would step aside from the No. 31 car, in the last minute, in the event that Earnhardt's car, after pre-race inspection, suffered mechanical failure on the grid or during the pace laps.
_	Some cities may also provide for a deputy mayor to be temporarily designated as "acting mayor" in the event that the incumbent mayor is temporarily unavailable, such as for health reasons or out-of-town travel, but still continues to hold the position and is expected to return to the duties of the office.
_	Technology has greatly advanced since the event that took place eighteen years ago, evident by the holographic signs that filled the streets.
_	Even when forgiven, in the event that he was penitent, the promotion would not be reversed while the offending high chief served his punishment.
_	Observation suffixes indicate that the speaker witnessed the event that they are describing occur.
_	This is a story telling device, used to make the event that the speaker is describing sound more interesting and believable.
_	The Premier of New Brunswick and many dignitaries attended the event that helped raise much needed funds for the Mark Gallagher vocational school project to help less-fortunate people in Haiti.
_	Domestically, the Liberal Cabinet was split and in the event that war was not declared the Government would fall as Prime Minister Asquith, Edward Grey and Winston Churchill made it clear they would resign.
_	He was close friends with Jacques Lanctôt, who in 1970 would lead the Liberation Cell in the kidnapping of British diplomat James Cross, the event that initiated the October Crisis.
_	She was ordered to be prepared to deploy in the event that the Navy is directed to provide assistance to civilian authorities after Hurricane Gustav came ashore.
_	In the event that the arena is being used for a concert, basketball game or other event that does not require the entire 200×85 surface, the total number can increase, accounting for seats or standing space on the arena's floor.
_	In the event that the performance is broadcast, the microphone may be brought up close to the fire
_	The system was originally operated from a network control station (NCS) located at Forest Moor, with an alternate network control station (ANCS) at Kinloss which could be used in the event that Forest Moor station was unavailable.
_	Finally, Zigong went to the state of Jin(晋) to warn the King of Jin a possible attack from Wu in the event that Fuchai defeated Qi and believed himself undefeatable.
_	In the event that a patent was found to be unjustly repealed, all suits, actions, processes and proceedings under the act of 1790 that had been set aside, suspended or abated by original reason for why it should be repealed could be given back as if the act had not been repealed.
_	There, he tells her he must re-enact the event that led to his madness, admitting he now understands that "Madeleine" and Judy are the same person.
_	However, it was Nguyễn Kim's son-in-law, Trịnh Kiểm, that triggered the event that changed the whole history of Vietnam.
_	In the event that the application does not appear personally before the court, and when the applicant is a natural or legal person, the signatures of the party or its legal representative and attorney, shall be duly acknowledged before a notary or judge the member country concerned."
_	This was mainly in regard to Senator Bob Packwood: "Only in the event that someone should choose to take offense, why then he's sorry".
_	A writ of attachment is filed to secure debt or claim of the creditor in the event that a judgment is rendered.
_	In the event that two boats on opposite tacks are on a collision course, one or both of the captains may elect to call "hard lee" to the other.
_	Seokdeungnong (석등롱, 石燈籠, Stone lantern) that he left behind or the event that hosted the Palgwanhoe (팔관회, 八關會) also affected Goryeo.
_	In the event that aggregate scores finish level, the away goals rule is applied, i.e. the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs progresses.
_	Two couples, Scott and Lauren and friends Eric and Sarah, decide to pack up supplies and head to somewhere that they might be able to fortify, a more expendable place, rather than board up Stephen's apartment in the event that the epidemic would be short-lived.
_	This was to provide for arbitration in the event that the parties were not able to reach agreement on any new collective bargaining agreements, thereby preventing disruptive strikes.
_	Because of the fire safety issues, security personnel were ordered to patrol the grounds every 30 minutes in the event that a fire started.
_	In at least one World Championship event, competitors were provided with cards written in the native language of the host country, intended to aid in communications with local citizens in the event that a competitor needed emergency aid or directions.
_	Blackouts are frequently described as having effects similar to that of anterograde amnesia, in which the subject cannot recall any events after the event that caused amnesia.
_	According to the constitution, the leader of the majority party in the assembly automatically becomes prime minister; the monarch is hereditary, but, under the terms of the constitution which came into effect after the March 1993 election, the monarch is a "living symbol of national unity" with no executive or legislative powers; under traditional law the college of chiefs has the power to determine who is next in the line of succession, who shall serve as regent in the event that the successor is not of mature age, and may even depose the monarch.
_	The heavy ships of the Italian fleet would be preserved for a potential major battle in the event that the Austro-Hungarian fleet should emerge from its bases.
_	In the event that an umpire is injured and only three remain, the second base position will generally be left vacant.
_	Greil Marcus writes that "As it went on, it seemed as if the song itself more than the singer was gazing out over San Francisco Bay to watch the fireworks; as that happened, the Fourth of July receded, and what was left was an unsettled, unclaimed, unfounded land where the event that settled it, named it, found it, had yet to take place."
_	The avenue was named in honor of the May Revolution of 1810 (the event that led to Argentine Independence).
_	Due to cost issues, and a shortage of engines and drivers, there was considerable concern going into the event that the field might fall short of the traditional 33 starters.
_	In the event that a patient is unhappy with the results, the threads can be readily removed and the patient's face thence returns to its position prior to treatment.
_	Using data pre and post close approach the authors find that the object suffered a spin-up during the event that decreased the rotational period from down to hours, which is compatible with the more accurate value estimated from the light-curve.
_	In 2011 its third full report dealt with measures to keep the Supreme Court in operation in the event that its membership falls below a quorum (that is, fewer than six justices).
_	Only days before, he had finished fifth in the 10,000-meter final, breaking the American record for the event that he had established in his qualifying heat at the Munich games.
_	The law would only be applicable in the event that:
_	In the event that they rejected the underlying message, it would also be accessible to other prominent and influential political figures.
_	Occasionally as time permits, KMYT may take on the responsibility of airing Fox network programs normally seen on KOKI in the event that a breaking news or severe weather event of significance warrants extended coverage on channel 23.
_	The idea was inspired by the event that happened the previous year on the same date- the first member joined the Society.
_	The cabin's pressure was lowered in the event that a problem during the mating process necessitated an emergency spacewalk.
_	More than 2000 queer individuals took part in the event that was a display of gay pride.
_	In the event that a preseason game does not sell out, the local rightsholder must delay the broadcast a minimum of 24 hours (this rule, along with the rest of the league's blackout policies, was suspended for the 2015 season).
_	Secondly, in a season in which the "Kali" growth has been heavy, high winds often accumulate shocking tangles of the tumbleweeds, covering entire buildings or trapping vehicles so completely as to prevent unaided escape, particularly in the event that the dry material ignites.
_	In the event that the office becomes temporarily unable to perform its duties, NWS Wichita's primary backup office (the office that would take over until NWS Wichita was able to resume service) is the National Weather Service office in Topeka, Kansas, with the secondary backup office being the National Weather Service office in Dodge City, Kansas.
_	As one of the leaders of the multi-party committee he helped lay the foundations for the all-in African conference at Maritzburg in 1961, the event that marked Nelson Mandela's reappearance on a public platform after years of banning and restriction.
_	In the event that the defiant guilty intruder is an unknown stranger in an act of malfeasance, a landowner or lawful occupant may choose to invoke his statutory right to "arrest" the intruder and to hold him for, or to "deliver" him promptly to, the Police.
_	The "packet layer" includes mechanisms to maintain virtual calls and to signal data errors in the event that the "data link layer" cannot recover from data transmission errors.
_	In the event that a plot’s wine is not up to the required level, it will leave the house as a bulk, never again to be labelled a Krug base wine.
_	Because few projects actually manage to be greenlit, options allow producers to reduce their loss in the event that a project fails to come to fruition.
_	In the event that China were to face hostile actions from a state or non-state actor, energy imports through the Straits of Malacca could be halted, which in turn would paralyse the Chinese economy in a scenario that is frequently referred to as the "Malacca Dilemma".
_	In the event that more candidates pass the exam than there are places available, places are offered first to pupils from within the school's catchment area, which is defined as 6.5 miles in a straight line from the Head Master's Office to the applicant's residence".
_	Mokyr furthermore argues that political fragmentation (the presence of a large number of European states) made it possible for heterodox ideas to thrive, as entrepreneurs, innovators, ideologues, and heretics could easily flee to a neighbouring state in the event that the one state would try to suppress their ideas and activities.
_	In the event that a marriage produced two offspring of the same sex, the parents would take their children to the annual meeting and trade one with a couple who produced two children of the opposite sex.
_	"It is our responsibility and our job to ensure adequate preparedness in the event that the evacuation be necessary."
_	Thus, when we look at "The March", he does not place significance on the fact that these figures are dressed in military attire, but instead on the historical significance of the event that these figures are embodying.
_	In the event that a leading athlete did not hold an "A" standard, or an athlete withdrew, the next highest finishing athlete with an "A" standard was selected instead.
_	In the event that the dropped ceiling is used as a plenum, low-voltage cables and wiring not installed inside conduit need to use a special low-smoke and low-toxicity wire insulation which will tend to char and stop burning on its own.
_	In the event that the Norwegians swept the minefields, the British would lay new ones close by.
_	However, proper emergency procedures require the reserve ripcord to be pulled in the event that the RSL is disconnected or not functioning correctly.
_	Boyle, who expected to be named Attorney-General in the event that Cushing formed a government, was accused of approaching Lucien Boudreau and Robert L. Shaw, two government supporters who were hoteliers in their extra-legislative careers, and offering them immunity from prosecution for liquor license violations in exchange for their support of the insurgency.
_	The A-10 Thunderbolt II is equipped with canopy breakers on either side of its headrest in the event that the canopy fails to jettison.
_	In the event that Princess Anna's marriage with Roberto Afif is not deemed dynastically acceptable, the next cognatic heir born of dynastic marriage (and thus potentially a rival to Alexander) might be found in Karl Friedrich, Prince of Hohenzollern (born 1952) as the grandson of Princess Margaret of Saxony (1900-1962), the eldest aunt of Maria Emanuel.
_	It is unlikely that this message was conveyed to the Pope, but the Bishop of Leiria suggested that she write her memoirs in the event that she might reveal further details of the 1917 apparitions.
_	Section 1(3) states that a person is to be judged according to what the defendant thought the facts of the case were at the time of the attempt, rather than what the facts really were, in the event that the defendant was mistaken about what was happening.
_	In the event that this would not have been audible by the bomber pilots, the mission order stipulated to drop as many bombs as possible.
_	Jabbeh Wesley survived and is a speaker for the experiences and atrocities of the Liberian Civil War, the event that influences and inspires most of her work.
_	In the event that a service failure occurs, the service organisation's response has the potential to either create or reinforce a strong customer relationship or change a minor incident into a major distraction.
_	Statewide records are kept for each event, and in the event that one is potentially broken, officials at the track to convene to inspect the equipment used in running the event, as well as the electronic timing equipment.
_	These included the power of the FME to take over the running of Icelandic banks without nationalising them, and preferential treatment for depositors in the event that a bank had to be liquidated.
_	Retained interest (also colloquially known as a "payout penalty") is future, currently unpaid, interest that some lenders add to the remaining principal of a loan to determine a payout figure in the event that the loan is terminated before the completion of the original term.
_	In the event that multiple teams have the same number of starts, preference is given to the team higher in owner's points.
_	Felbamate is indicated in the use of LGS in the event that everything else fails, and was found to be superior to placebo in controlling treatment resistant partial seizures and atonic seizures.
_	In the event that the Senate failed to pass the treaty, Tyler promised the Texas diplomats that he would officially exhort both houses of Congress to establish Texas as a state of the Union upon provisions authorized in the Constitution.
_	In the event that "Discovery" suffered irreparable damage but made it to Earth orbit during STS-116, the crew would have taken refuge at the ISS and waited for a Contingency Shuttle Crew Support mission to launch.
_	In the event that an obi dies without a son, his oldest brother takes over.
_	Pratt felt that the event that thrust him into the cricketing limelight was also the one that quickened his dramatic fall from grace, ignoring his skill with the bat: "I was just known for fielding afterwards, and I didn't really want that." he was working at a cricketing equipment shop and skippers Cumberland, where he has scored ten Championship hundreds.
_	Thousands attended in the event that was held on July 20, 2013.
_	These Assemblies are responsible for setting a local agenda in the event that they are not overruled by the National Assembly.
_	In Sudan, US military assistance was seen as critical in helping the southern part of the country build military institutions in the event that it voted to secede in the January 2011 referendum.
_	In 2014, some House Republicans (who later formed the House Freedom Caucus) approached Carson about the possibility of him standing for Speaker of the House in the event that the incumbent Speaker, John Boehner, had to step down due to intra-party disunion.
_	The seventh Knesset also covered the event that played a major part in the party's downfall.
_	Hales and others met in a building to the rear of the pub to plan and ambush in the event that Collins returned from Bandon via the same route.
_	In January 1988, McGovern said that he was considering entering the 1988 Democratic primaries in the event that a front-runner did not emerge in the race (he did not enter).
_	He used his cell phone to record the scene and to interview the other students hiding in the closet, to leave a record in the event that they did not survive the shooting.
_	Red Skull also reveals that he is a clone of the original Red Skull that was created in 1942 and held in cryogenic stasis in the event that Germany lost World War II.
_	In 2011, she was currently working in the apparel company she was one member of a society, and sometimes face in the event that the co-star of "Gaoranger" Kazuyoshi Sakai like to preside over.
_	Eggers credited this as the event that inspired him to pursue a career in filmmaking.
_	The original camera negatives is usually regarded as a last resort in the event that all of the intermediate elements have been compromised or lost.
_	Alan realises that this troubled woman must have left her personal papers hidden somewhere in the event that her suicide attempt was not successful.
_	In the event that the pH is high, sodium bicarbonate should not be used to adjust the pH.
_	For an event to be qualified through the at-large process, the competitor must obtain three 'legs' (placings) in the event that total out to 8 or less.
_	In the event that a final round contains more than six competitors (e.g. unbreakable tie), no placing beyond 6th will count as a leg under any circumstances.
_	Savage and Flair would wrestle at the event that took place on Father's Day.
_	In the event that this failed to happen, Matilda was now Henry's preferred choice, and he declared that she was to be his rightful successor if he should die without a male heir.
_	A. J. P. Taylor argued that it was the event that "killed the League [of Nations]" and that the pact "was a perfectly sensible plan, in line with the League's previous acts of conciliation from Corfu to Manchuria" which would have "ended the war; satisfied Italy; and left Abyssinia with a more workable, national territory" but that the "common sense of the plan was, in the circumstances of the time, its vital defect".
_	One aspect of the event that was certain was that the aftershock zone was the largest that had ever been observed.
_	The marriage was the event that guaranteed Mazo’s future success at Court.
_	Culture Ireland invited figures from the international music industry to the event that decided the Irish Album of the Year 2010.
_	While the "Gran Alternativa" was the event that received most pubilicy leading up to the show it was not the main event.
_	That year, the Henley regatta was regarded as the event that came closest to a world championship.
_	It was the urban militia, along with the public security forces, that broke up the demonstrations in Tiananmen Square honoring the memory of Zhou Enlai in April 1976 — the event that served as the pretext for the second purge of Deng Xiaoping.
_	In the event that a president dies or becomes incapacitated while in office, then the government as a whole resigns and the process of royal nomination and appointment takes place.
_	In the event that no next of kin was located or they were unable to provide a private burial a State burial was authorized.
_	Section 17 provided for a compensation scheme, in the event that any proclamation should amount to an acquisition of property within the meaning of section 51(xxxi) of the Australian Constitution.
_	In Canada, the Deputy Prime Minister—a position that is not always in use—becomes acting head of government in the event that the Prime Minister is absent from Canada or incapacitated.
_	This position could also be inherited and usually reserved for a male, however, in the event that no male heir was available a strong female heir was accepted.
_	Juries were authorized to decide questions of both fact and law, although the court was able to decide in the event that a jury failed to reach a decision.
_	In the event that the blood supply to any one of the parathyroid glands is endangered through surgery, the parathyroid gland(s) involved may be re-implanted in surrounding muscle tissue.
_	He mailed the will to vice-consul Gagić in Dubrovnik with a message asking him to return the document unopened in the event that he regained his health.
_	In the event that the patient is not breathing normally, the current international guidelines (set by the International Liaison Committee on Resuscitation or ILCOR) indicate that chest compressions should be started.
_	In the event that a flash flood watch is likely to lead to a major flash flood disaster, enhanced wording with the words
_	Knorr agreed to let her go under the condition that Suesan allow her to remove the bullet from her back so it could not be used as evidence in the event that Suesan reported the abuse.
_	In the event that the structure of a Bayesian network accurately depicts causality, the two conditions are equivalent.
_	They also announced that they would be using boats to intercept the "Caroline" in the event that the main roadside protest failed.
_	Let be a random permutation of the set and let denote the event that is a fixed point of , meaning that .
_	Another way was to exert no pressure on the table at all, and in the event that the sitter opposite the medium did press on the table, to permit the table to tip far enough away from him so that he could get the toe of one foot under the table leg.
_	The SIPC serves two primary roles in the event that a broker-dealer fails.
_	Among the powers granted to the Governor-General is the power to dissolve both houses of Parliament under Section 57 of the Constitution in the event that the House of Representatives twice passes a bill at least three months apart and the Senate will not agree to pass the bill.
_	Not surprisingly, it was also regarded as one of the Soviets' top ten targets in the event that such an attack would actually take place.
_	Using a system of "master controller", "alternate master", "file server", and "alternate file server" designations, the controllers preserve data integrity and allow file backup in the event that a store controller fails and needs to be replaced.
_	This was the event that saw the birth of the OAS as it stands today, with the signature by 21 American countries of the Charter of the Organization of American States on 30 April 1948 (in effect since December 1951).
_	Before the 2005 general election, he was rumoured to be planning a leadership campaign in the event that then-leader Michael Howard stepped down after a (then-likely and later actual) election defeat.
_	In the event that consciousness is not immediately regained, medical help cannot be sought by a third party, observer, or friend.
_	In the event that extreme wind chills are expected to quickly lead to frostbite or death, enhanced wording with the words particularly dangerous situation may be added to the text; this is rarely issued.
_	The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, a non-profit organization dedicated to improving healthcare for people with cystic fibrosis, provided $150 million of the funding for the development for ivacaftor in exchange for royalty rights in the event that the drug was successfully developed and commercialized.
_	Rarely, but in the event that there is a shortage of commissioned officers a Senior NCO may act as a Flight Commander, commanding a group of cadets numbering usually from 8-20.
_	On March 1, 1972, Carter stated a possible usage of a special session of the General Assembly could take place in the event that the Justice Department opted to turn down any reapportionment plans by either the House or Senate.
_	Active peace officers are specifically called out as not being exempt, unless in the event that immediate aid is required that is within the course of their employment.
_	No trains ran after this point, but the right-of-way and rolling stock were preserved in the event that a party stepped forward to purchase the property.
_	In the event that glacial ice is "rafted" by a flood such as that created when the ice dam broke during the Missoula Floods, the erratics are deposited where the ice finally releases its debris load.
_	However, after Michael Maestlin pointed out Galileo's work to him, he corrected himself in 1617 in his "Ephemerides", recognising long after the event that what he had seen was sunspots.
_	In an October 1941 trip to Washington, D.C. arranged by the newspaper's publisher, H. T. Komai, Tanaka tried to ensure that the paper would be able to continue publishing in the event that hostilities broke out with Japan, meeting with First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt and Attorney General Francis Biddle.
_	Media day is a special press conference event where rather than holding a conference after an event to field questions about the event that has recently transpired, a conference is held for the sole purpose of making newsmakers available to the media for general questions and photographs often before an event or series of events (such as an athletic season) occur.
_	Joe Belfiore was asked about how the company would feel in the event that Nokia released an Android phone.
_	He never accepted payment from them for his services; in doing so he felt that he provided himself a level of protection in the event that either died while under his care.
_	A sign of the love that grew up between them, Luther's will declared complete trust in Katharina to care for their children, even in the event that she should remarry.
_	Indeed, it is at least conceivable that the mission of assured destruction would not have to be executed at all in the event that deterrence failed."
_	Additionally by building into the sides of mountains and cliffs it assists Wamphyrii in attaining flight in the event that they need to retreat swiftly from their home.
_	For a period during World War II it was designated to provide transmissions to submarines in the event that ship-to-shore communications were lost.
_	Junaluska's own description of the event that gave him the name was ""Detsinulahungu"" (meaning "I tried, but could not").
_	It was the last edition of the event that included ice dancing, prior to the 1990s.
_	This would be most likely to happen in the event that a complaint is filed with the EPA by a third party.
_	In the event that a leading athlete did not hold an "A" standard, or an athlete withdrew, the next highest finishing athlete with an "A" standard was selected instead.
_	In the event that a match was not stopped the physician still has the right to decide on a suspension if he/she deems it necessary due to the contestant having received many tough blows to the head
_	Celgene further argued that requiring innovator companies to sell their products to potential generic competitors would violate its intellectual property rights and subject it to liability risks in the event that patients were harmed in Dr. Reddy's studies.
_	Primarily made up of joint military units within the National Capital Region, the JFHQ-NCR assists federal and local civilian agencies and disaster response teams in the event that the capital area's security is or possibly could be breached by acts of terrorism.
_	In the event that the Sun Belt did not have an available team, an at-large team could be chosen.
_	Local authorities were responsible for the construction of public air raid shelters and in the event that this was not possible the Public Works Department would supply the men and materials required.
_	In the event that the coins did not catch on with the general public, the Mint hoped that collectors would be as interested in the dollars as they were with the State Quarters, which generated about $4.6 billion in seigniorage ("i.e.," the difference between the face value of the coins and the cost to produce them) between January 1999 and April 2005, according to a report by the Congressional Budget Office.
_	An estimated 15,000 people showed up to witness the event that marked the first new "maximum seaway-size" freighter on the Lakes.
_	Motorcycles frequently beat trophy trucks and buggies in the event that traverses the Baja California peninsula from Ensenada to Cabo San Lucas.
_	A nickel–cadmium battery designed to last up to nine ampere-hours was also installed aboard the spacecraft in the event that the solar cell system fails, or does not provide enough power for the spacecraft or its instruments to function.
_	In the event that the heir is a minor, 10% of the revenues pass to the heir, with the balance passing to the Crown (and the Sovereign Grant is reduced by the same amount).
_	In the event that an exercise of the magnitude of Sky Shield is justified in the future, we strongly urge that a minimum of 90 days’ advance notice be given.
_	While it is left ambiguous, some of Abed's comments imply he might be aware that he is a character in a television show, most notably in "Cooperative Calligraphy" when he describes the event that unfolds in the study hall as a bottle episode; the episode itself is a bottle episode.
_	Poehler and Fey hosted the Golden Globe Awards ceremony for the third successive time in 2015, confirming prior to the event that the third time would be their last.
_	Rumors had been circulating in Washington that Black would resign in the event that Truman chose Jackson as Chief Justice Stone's successor.
_	In the event that the Governor and Lieutenant Governor are both absent from the state, or the offices are concurrently vacant for some other reason, the secretary of state serves as acting governor.
_	Reviews of the event as a whole have also been mixed, and the event has been called both the worst WrestleMania of all time and the event that saved the WWF.
_	Note that in the event that there are a different number of nibbles being added together (such as 1053 − 122), the number with the fewest digits must first be padded with zeros before taking the ten's complement or subtracting.
_	On 7 July 2016, while counting for the election was still underway and the final result uncertain, Katter announced that he would provide confidence and supply to the Turnbull Government in the event that it was reduced to minority government.
_	In the event that the woman had been delivered to the husband-to-be as a virgin, but had already had sexual relations, she was returned to her parents' house and the wedding would be considered invalid.
_	Space balls are prohibited at many drop zones, due to risk to persons and property on the ground in the event that the ball is not caught or dropped during/after deployment
_	Although Russian skating officials initially intended to assign Sotnikova and Lipnitskaya to one program each, they decided a week before the event that Lipnitskaya would skate both segments.
_	In the event that there are delays with preparing their broadcast towers for the new channel frequency, stations are eligible for a single 180-day (six-month) extension (similar to a Silent STA), but they will have to cease broadcasts on their auction channel until they move.
_	A black statue of Sakyamuni Buddha was the gift of a Thai military officer who, while exiled to Taiwan, vowed to donate such a statue in the event that he returned to power.
_	A 1977 assessment of the event that was published in the "Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America" had the epicenter just north of the city of Safed and the magnitude of 6.25–6.5, but in 1997 seismologist Nicholas Ambraseys argued that the event may have been more substantial.
_	In the event that the boat is either swamped or capsizes, the rocks are designed to roll out of the boat which would lighten the boat and thus keep it afloat.
_	In the year 1432 the chief Swene MacEwen of Otter surrendered his barony to King James I who regranted it with a destination to Celestine Campbell in the event that Swene should die without an heir.
_	In the event that any of the above conditions are found, the system must send an alert to officials so they can immediately rectify the situation.
_	In 2004 the Festival picked up a new challenge by restoring the forgotten icon of the event that inspired it: the Asteroide Award, historical prize of the Festival internazionale del film di fantascienza di Trieste.
_	The dam is built at an angle to allow overflow in the event that the lake level surpasses a safe height or capacity.
_	In the event that two or more teams had the same number of points at the end of the group stage, the rankings of the teams in question were determined by the following criteria:
_	In the event that the Chief of Staff of the Air Force (CSAF) is absent or is unable to perform his duties, the VCSAF assumes the duties and responsibilities of the CSAF.
_	Supplies for the Central Force were to be stockpiled in provincial centres, so that resistance could be continued in the event that London fell.
_	Under the Salic law, males descended in male line from Hugh Capet are princes of the blood – i.e., they have the right to succeed to the French throne in the event that the male line of the royal family and of more senior princes die out.
_	In the event that a President is incapable of committing his/her duties as President, the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada becomes the acting president until a new president is elected.
_	She held the world's four fastest times for the event that year.
_	In the event that the same team ended up as runners-up of both tournaments, the playoff would not be played and that team would qualify for the Copa Libertadores.
_	The project answered questions about the diffusion of liquid propellants in the event that a rocket was destroyed at high altitude.
_	Besides recounting the event that triggered Earth's war with the Mysterons, "Dangerous Rendezvous" was also written to explain a number of Spectrum protocols: the wait for the Mysteron reply is extended by scenes in which White, Captain Scarlet and Captain Blue, at Dr Kurnitz's request, give an overview of the organisation's communications (specifically its cap radio technology and call signs) and put on a demonstration Angel launch.
_	In the event that the Commandant is absent or is unable to perform his duties, the Assistant Commandant assumes the duties and responsibilities of the Commandant.
_	Prince Takehito was born in Kyoto as a scion of the house, one of the "shinnōke" branches of the Imperial Family of Japan, which were eligible to succeed to the Chrysanthemum Throne in the event that the main line should die out.
_	In domestic mammals, it is produced by the uterus when stimulated by oxytocin, in the event that there has been no implantation during the luteal phase.
_	To try and stop a flight of funds from New Zealand institutions to those in Australia, the Government established the Crown Retail Deposit Guarantee Scheme to cover depositors funds in the event that a bank or finance company went broke.
_	Officials in New Orleans prepared buses and trains in the event that people needed to evacuate but could not.
_	This can also lead to a number of assertions being produced, e.g., if the event that comes into the event processing engine is a “product ID low in stock”, this may trigger reactions such as “Order product ID” and “Notify personnel”.
_	The site owner reported she learned after the event that participants went two days without water before entering the structure.
_	In June 2016, Bush stated that she hoped the US remained in Afghanistan and had consulted with women there who feared the departure of American troops would create "a vacuum" similar to Iraq, furthering that the US "would have to start all over again" in the event that they withdrew troops.
_	Instructions have been given by the owners of the Virginia Kidd Literary Agency that this last graffito never be removed or painted over, and that the cabinet itself be retrieved in the event that the agency move to new quarters.
_	In the event that an emergency does occur, managers should have a plan prepared to mitigate the effects of that emergency, as well as to ensure Business Continuity of critical operations post-incident.
_	In the event that the buyer defaults, the property is repossessed or foreclosed on exactly as it would be by a bank.
_	In the event that a European state declared war on one of their members, they all would come to the defense of the attacked state.
_	The tournament filled the entire Friday night "CMLL Super Viernes" show, preceding the 1996 "Homenaje a Salvador Lutteroth" show becoming the unofficial forerunner for the event that is now known as "Homenaje a Dos Leyendas" ("Homage to two Legends") that CMLL holds every spring.
_	Fort Langley was intentionally constructed on the south bank of the Fraser River in the event that Fort Vancouver was lost to the Americans, then Fort Langley would secure British claims to both sides of the Fraser.
_	The network carries New York Rangers and Red Bulls games, which mainly air on MSG, in the event that its parent network is scheduled to air a Knicks (in the case of the Rangers) or Liberty (for Red Bulls) game at times when MSG+ is not carrying games of its main local teams.
_	Douglas, despite trailing Raisman and Hernandez in the all-around throughout the year, was considered very strong on the uneven bars, the event that someone would be required to sit out to make way for bars specialist Madison Kocian.
_	In the event that the Riemann hypothesis is false, the argument is much simpler, essentially because the terms li("x") for zeros violating the Riemann hypothesis (with real part greater than 1/2) are eventually larger than li("x").
_	In the event that aggregate score finished level, the away goals rule would be applied, i.e., the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs advanced.
_	Kinsler spent 2005 at Triple-A with the Oklahoma RedHawks, transitioning from shortstop to second base because that is where the organization anticipated he would play in the future, in the event that Alfonso Soriano no longer played second base for the major league team.
_	Track data is usually recorded in the event that an investigation is required to establish the root cause for an aircraft loss.
_	A report leaked by the Al-Akhbar newspaper in November 2010 stated that Hezbollah has drafted plans for a takeover of the country in the event that the Special Tribunal for Lebanon issues an indictment against its members.
_	Corte, the event that caused his resignation; 1970; 1978, issued under the presidency of H.S.H.
_	In the original story, IRIS I, three nukes were made and hidden through Seoul in the event that the North Korean Army would manage to take over the south; it an extreme tactic to prevent the enemy from advancing further into the south while decimating their armed forces.
_	According to the constitution, the leader of the majority party in the assembly automatically becomes prime minister; the monarch is hereditary, but, under the terms of the constitution which came into effect after the March 1993 election, the monarch is a "living symbol of national unity" with no executive or legislative powers; under traditional law the college of chiefs has the power to determine who is next in the line of succession, who shall serve as regent in the event that the successor is not of mature age, and may even depose the monarch.
_	NASA initially planned for STS-134 ("Endeavour") to fly with the newer ET-138 and for the LON STS-335 ("Atlantis") mission to utilize the refurbished ET-122 only in the event that a rescue of "Endeavour"s crew were required.
_	In one news article about Antarctica written in 1958, the writer describes the use of dazzlement: "On the womanless continent, the purpose of the dazzlement is not to catch the eye of a flirtatious blonde, but to attract spotters in the event that the explorers become lost in the frozen waste."
_	In the event that the President of the Republic is unable to perform their role as Head of State, the President of the Senate takes on the role, under article 86 of the Italian Constitution.
_	In the event that the Continental Cup ended in a tie, the rules stipulated that the defending champion, North America, would retain the cup, similar to that in the rules of the Ryder Cup in golf.
_	The issues raised in such cases include the overriding need for persons in court to feel safe to speak the truth, and to in fact speak the truth; the requirement of employers to be able to act in the event that an employee speaks in a manner damaging to the employer; the rights of whistleblowers; the benefit to society if people who know the reality of a matter and are well informed of it, are able to speak of it.
_	Each game will see one win awarded and one loss awarded, except in the event that the competing teams tie in points scored for the week.
_	(In the event that a case does ever become stuck in a die, there are stuck case remover tools that are available to remove a stuck case from the die, albeit at the loss of the particular case that became stuck.)
_	He preceded the 2012 Canadian Championships in a discus best of and went on to win his first national title in the event that June.
_	In the event that a pilot was shot down it was intended to be used for defense and for hunting game to stay alive until rescue.
_	Pawsat did not enter the event that year, while Davis participated alongside David Pate.<br>Davis eventually defended his title with Pate, defeating Alfonso Mora and Brian Page 6–3, 7–6, in the final.
_	While many politicians and observers see him as the prime minister in waiting due to Anerood Jugnauth's advanced age, the opposition claims that it would be blatantly undemocratic to appoint him as prime minister without going through the polls in the event that Jugnauth Sr. was not prime minister anymore.
_	In the event that the clinician seeing the animal feels unable to record a diagnosis for the visit (for example, on a first consultation when only limited diagnostic workup has been possible, e.g. coughing where a precise diagnosis is not yet available) it is also possible to select one or more presenting complaints (again, these are standardised in the list).
_	Operation Quartz was a planned military operation to be conducted by the Rhodesian armed forces against Robert Mugabe and ZANU-PF in the event that party lost the Southern Rhodesian general election, 1980.
_	The stadium has configurable spectator tiers depending on the event that will be hosted, namely "Football/Rugby mode", "Cricket mode" and "Athletics mode".
_	Most IVPMs are equipped with near field communication to open gates and for parking enforcers to make sure a driver has turned on the device in the event that the window is covered by snow.
_	In the event that the first-due ambulance or MICU are unavailable, the county communications center sends the next-due unit to cover the call.
_	It was anticipated in the "Sydney Gazette's" report of the event that the church, when fitted out with stalls and galleries, would hold 2,000 people.
_	Law enforcement would be contacted in the event that the person was either present on a terrorist or most-wanted list or had outstanding Federal or state arrest warrants for violent crime.
_	Despite Psicosis announcing before the event that he would be betting his hair in case of a loss in the "Parejas Suicidas" match, it was announced that the match would be for Líder's hair and Psicosis' mask.
_	It consists of nuclear fuel, fission products, control rods, structural materials from the affected parts of the reactor, products of their chemical reaction with air, water and steam, and, in the event that the reactor vessel is breached, molten concrete from the floor of the reactor room.
_	The guidance system had an onboard program that could be activated in the event that the ground signal was lost, but it contained a faulty equation.
_	Florida State's Ngonidzashe Makusha won the event that year with an ACC record jump of 8.21 m (26 ft 11 ¼ ft).
_	This was the event that sounded the death knell for the monarch.
_	However the plan argues that in the event that negotiations fail, Israel must take proactive steps to maintain its identity.
_	In the event that the PAVN or ARVN shot down a helicopter or a mechanical malfunction forced one to make an emergency landing in hostile territory, two orbiting CH-46s of MAG-39 each carrying 15-man, quick-reaction "Sparrow Hawk" teams of Marines from 1st Platoon, Company A, 1st Battalion, 9th Marines, from USS "Blue Ridge", were ready to land and provide security enabling a search and rescue helicopter to pick up the crew.
_	In July 1982, Tsongas met with Prime Minister of Israel Menachem Begin, questioning Begin over where negotiations would fit in the event that Chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization Yasser Arafat concede the right of Israel to exist along with reneging the covenant of the PLO over calls for Israel's abolition and replacement by a secular state.
_	It was revealed after the event that the Australian team of six riders was under orders to ride for a victory for Hosking in the 112 km event in preference to veteran Australian cyclist Rochelle Gilmore, however in the final sprint for the line Gilmore came out with the gold medal ahead of English rider Elizabeth Armitstead in second, leaving Hosking in third.
_	Some rabbinical authorities have ruled that in the event that a couple is undergoing treatment for infertility and has the need to receive a treatment during Shabbat that cannot otherwise be avoided, transportation provided by a gentile can be arranged prior to Shabbat, in which the gentile opens and closes the doors of the car for the Jew.
_	Mémona Hintermann, foreign correspondent for France 3, evoked this accident in her 2006 autobiographical work, "Tête haute": as a poor child in Le Tampon, on the southern part of the island, it was after she saw television images of the aftermath of the event that she discovered the profession of television journalist.
_	The iconic Palazzo Pisani Moretta is the renowned location that, overlooking the Grand Canal, hosts the event that has reached its XXV edition.
_	Recently the event has been held almost every year, but occasionally a year is skipped if no city is found to host the event that year.
_	Reasons this might be the case are varied, and range from a lack of confidence in the staff within the organisation to a desire to have a third party to blame in the event that a project fails.
_	In the event that the election produced the same outcome as the June election, MHP leader Devlet Bahçeli claimed that they would form a coalition with any party apart from the HDP this time round.
_	The backups are set to automatically take over in the event that the primary transmission system has a failure.
_	Montgomery called for the free elector slate to remain viable in the event that Governor Nelson Rockefeller of New York were named the national Republican nominee or if the Republican platform was too liberal to include conservatives.
_	Each leaf may be operated independently, allowing marine traffic to pass in the event that one leaf is inoperable.
_	With Mr. Fitz as her guide, Jenna writes an essay to be submitted to a contest with vague references to the event that blinded her.
_	It is the event that catalyzes the protagonist to go into motion and to take action.
_	This Red Skull is revealed to be a clone of the original, created by Arnim Zola in 1942 and held in cryogenic stasis in the event that Germany lost the war.
_	It is good practice to strike the light from the ballast and not the head, in the event that there is a short circuit in the lamp head.
_	The problems of increased shipping in polar regions presents additional challenges, including maritime safety concerns in the event that ice navigation is not carried out carefully.
_	In the event of a temporary absence of the President of Somalia on account of illness, travel abroad or similar circumstances, the speaker of the parliament serves as acting president, and exercises the powers of the state president until the president resumes his functions, and in the event that the presidency falls vacant as a result of death or resignation or for any other reason, until the election of a new president.
_	In the event that a mixed marriage ended by the death of the so-called Aryan spouse or the divorce of the Jewish-classified spouse, the Jewish-classified spouse residing within Germany was usually deported soon after unless the couple still had minor children not counted as Geltungsjuden.
_	In the event that the daughter of a priest engages in specified immodest behavior, such as adultery during marriage or engagement "eirusin"; then she, as well as her father, are faced with consequences graver than those of a regular daughter of Israel.
_	COHRE's work in this area included legal advice for test cases at the domestic level, taking cases before international and regional judicial forums in the event that domestic courts fail to provide an adequate remedy, and capacity-building training and workshops for judges, lawyers and other human rights advocates.
_	The VDF maintains several Shelter Augmentation Liaison Teams (SALT), with each team consisting of three VDF members who serve as liaisons between the Virginia State Police and the Virginia National Guard in the event that the National Guard is deployed to take over shelter management from the police during a stateside emergency.
_	Declining enrollment is also a serious problem facing the district, and the school board had talked about closing either Ryder or Radez in the event that state aid is not restored within a few years, as fewer students would require only one elementary school.
_	When there were concerns over whether Robert De Niro would portray the character of Al Capone in "The Untouchables", Hoskins was slated to be a last-minute replacement in the event that De Niro refused the role.
_	This may have been an experiment to see if a Soyuz-T docked to a space station could act as a rescue vehicle in the event that an approaching Soyuz-T equipped with a probe experienced docking difficulties and could not return to Earth.
_	In the event that the two division champions are tied, then the head-to-head record shall be used as the tiebreaker.
_	In the event that a clone is separated from the others by a considerable distance during the Omnitrix's timeout phase, Ben is forced to remain stuck as Ditto until the copies are brought sufficiently close together.
_	Until then, Congress decided that a committee should prepare a document announcing and explaining independence in the event that Lee's resolution was approved when it was brought up again in July.
_	Station Casinos stated that a 300-foot tower was necessary to ensure that guests would have unobstructed views of the Las Vegas Strip in the event that previously approved office towers would be built nearby the project.
_	In the event that both fighters gain equal scores from the judges, the fight is considered a draw-what in other sports would be referred to as a tie-(professional boxing).
_	In the event that the parties could not agree on a judge, he was chosen from an official list of potential judges drawn up by the praetor.
_	The original Constitution of the United States only provided for the vice president to succeed the president in the event that the president becomes incapacitated.
_	In the event that a species is missing the small distal 10th primary, as some passerines are, its lack does not impact the numbering of the remaining primaries.
_	All courts have the power of judicial review and may interpret the constitution to overrule statutes and other government acts, but only in the event that such interpretation is relevant to an actual dispute.
_	Shoot Boxing World Tournament Girls S-Cup 2012 was the event that featured the fourth of Girls S-Cup tournaments.
_	The French premiere of the video, in Lyon, also consisted of a surprise announcement, as Flo Mirtain received his debut professional skateboard at the event that symbolized his promotion into the company's professional ranks.
_	Since 30 January British forces had also been kept on standby to launch a military intervention in the event that the radical left-wing Umma Party staged a coup to overthrow the President Abeid Karume's moderate Afro-Shirazi Party which controlled the governing Revolutionary Council.
_	In the event that he did not know the answer (an excuse was always prepared for those instances), the audience would yell out "stump, stump, stump" and the child would receive a prize.
_	In the event that all players were able to follow suit in the first five tricks, a random card is drawn from the heap.
_	"Aunt Jane's Nieces and Uncle John" picks up the continuing story of the three cousins Patsy Doyle, Beth De Graf, and Louise Merrick, and their family; the plot of the book begins three days after the wedding of Louise and her fiancé Arthur Weldon, the event that concluded the fifth book in the series, "Aunt Jane's Nieces in Society".
_	In many cases, he plan the participation of adults taking advantage of their own influence, and in 2015 he recruited 740 participants at the event that Yokohama City Kanazawa Ward conducted, which updated the Guinness World Record for the largest number of participants in a game of statues.
_	However, TNA announced on the Friday before the event that due a torn meniscus, MVP was deemed medically unfit to compete and thus removed from the match.
_	In "Kušionová v SMART Capital a.s.", the Court of Justice held that consumer law was to be interpreted in the light of fundamental rights, including the right to housing, in the event that a home could be repossessed.
_	In the event that 2 or more contestants have 4 numbers each, they will go on to "Sudden Death."
_	Purchase decisions are classified as low involvement when consumers suffer only a small psycho-social loss in the event that the make a poor decision.
_	For research in art history, in particular, methods of astronomy are sometimes useful for determining the place and time of creation of a particular work of art, or of the event that inspired it.
_	Since 30 January British forces had also been kept on standby to launch a military intervention in the event that the radical left-wing Umma Party staged a coup to overthrow President Abeid Karume's moderate Afro-Shirazi Party which controlled the governing Revolutionary Council.
_	the event that attracts those crowds of one hundred thousand plus to Newport.
_	Occasionally as time permits, KICU may air Fox network programs normally seen on KTVU in the event that Channel 2 is unable to air them because of extended breaking news coverage or conflicts with Fox Sports event telecasts or locally produced special programming on that station; this was also the case when KTVU aired San Francisco Giants baseball games that ran into or aired during prime time hours, until that station lost the broadcast television rights to the Giants to NBC owned-and-operated station KNTV (channel 11) in 2007.
_	He later endorsed Ron Paul for President, in the event that Ron Paul is able to secure the GOP nomination.
_	United States President Donald Trump has also expressed interest in withdrawing from the organization during his 2016 presidential campaign, and only recently stated the United States would protect allies in the event that Article V is invoked.
_	However, in the event that two or more candidates have an equal number of votes, the legislature, by joint ballot, elects one of those candidates governor.
_	It was also at the event that he received his first film offer from director Priyadarshan.
_	But in the event that a raid was successful, loot was often shared equitably and democratically with clear ratios based on seniority and length of service.
_	The US-Soviet Incidents at Sea agreement is a 1972 bilateral agreement between the United States and the Soviet Union to reduce the chance of an incident at sea between the two countries, and - in the event that one occurred - to prevent it from escalating.
_	According to reports by Jakob Kaiser and Otto Lenz, in the event that the attempt to overthrow the National Socialist regime had succeeded, Globke was earmarked for a senior ministerial post in an imperial government formed by Goerdeler.
_	During a temporary vacancy, or in the event that the president was "unavailable", the powers and functions of the presidency passed to the chancellor.
_	Warnings are provided to the public in the event that there is severe weather in the region, such as a tornado
_	In the event that one b-boy won multiple championships, the next highest ranked b-boy would qualify.
_	No Contest: in the event that both fighters commit a violation of the rules, or a fighter is unable to continue due to an injury from an accidental illegal technique, the match will be declared a "No Contest", except in the case of a technical decision in the unified rules.
_	In January 2010, it was revealed that the US army was training a specialised unit "to seal off and snatch back" Pakistani nuclear weapons in the event that militants would obtain a nuclear device or materials that could make one.
_	In the event that a patient suffers a “drop attack,” and especially for the elderly population, the most important action is to be evaluated for associated head or other injuries.
_	After Einstein's death, newspapers reported that a $1,250,000 share of the elder Einstein's estate, valued in total at approximately $4,000,000, had been set aside for Lewis Einstein in the event that he divorced his wife, and that it passed to his sister Lady Waldstein after he declined to do so.
_	In the event that an agreement cannot be reached between the drafting club and an out-of-contract player, the drafting club will hold the right of first refusal for that player in MLS.
_	In the event that the revolt against Adolf Hitler on 20 July 1944 was successfully accomplished, Schleicher was to be responsible for the reorganization of air travel.
_	The operation also has a rapid response car for the crew to use in the event that the helicopter is grounded for any reason.
_	It first took place in 1986 with only two stages whereas there are nowadays four and many events in the pubs, clubs and discotheques fringing the event that has become one of the biggest free music festivals in Europe.
_	He won the French Grand Prix in 1936, but the event that year was run as a sports car race.
_	The scene then switches to the event that Anupam was talking about as the scene involves Maithrayee getting intimate with Jhilmil's father, Anupam, in his bedroom and Maithrayee revealing that she came from a divorced family and that she has a strained relationship with her mother.
_	Krabi's airport director stated after the event that management will rent generators in the future to prevent blackouts from happening.
_	According to resolution S/RES/2059, the Council would only consider further extensions to the mission ‘’in the event that the Secretary-General reports and the Security Council confirms the cessation of the use of heavy weapons and a reduction in the level of violence sufficient by all sides" to allow the UNSMIS monitors to implement their mandate.
_	In the event that both the jury and the televoters placed the same song first (as happened in all but the third semi-final), the song placed second in the televote also qualified.
_	Wallace receives a quarter of the $2000 bounty on Brandon's head, but is so sickened by the event that he decides he wants out of "the game".
_	The plant boilers have been designed to be converted to coal in the event that it became a cheaper solution.
_	However, in the event that these techniques do not
_	In the event that fewer than twelve athletes cleared that height, the best twelve athletes (including those tied with athletes in the top twelve) would progress to the next round.
_	In the event that the two teams scored the same number of goals over the two legs, the team that scored more goals away from home qualified for the next round; if both teams scored the same number of away goals, matches would go to extra time and then penalties if the teams could not be separated after extra time.
_	Other power stations may use processed natural gas as auxiliary fuel in the event that their main fuel supply (coal or oil) is interrupted.
_	In the event that two routing protocols are configured with the same administrative distance, the Cisco router will ignore the configured values and instead use the default values.
_	"The Guardian" cited Live Aid as the event that made stars of U2.
_	In the event that several cars fall into one or more of these categories, their grid position is decided by numerical order.
_	Former PPP MPs and members founded the For Thais Party to prepare for the event that the PPP should be banned, and PPP members immediately started joining the For Thais Party.
_	In the event that the tiebreak vote is also tied, Geri Horner, as captain of the 100 has the casting vote.
_	In the event that the contestant would not get all 6 correctly, he/she would draw a bonus letter (this letter should be a correct answer from the 6) and if so, shall take home a special prize.
_	Thus, at the time of the passing of the Act, Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester would have become Regent in the event that King George VI died while The Princess Elizabeth was still a minor.
_	On 21 June 1921, the week before its first meeting, the Senate sent a petition to David Lloyd George, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, arguing for more powers for the Parliament, and stating it would not serve in the event that the elected lower house was replaced by a body appointed by the Lord Lieutenant.
_	In an interview in 2013, Moffat stated that he had worked out a rough idea for how his first series as the showrunner would work in the event that David Tennant had decided to stay in the show as the Tenth Doctor; this would have entailed a similar premise to the beginning of "The Eleventh Hour" as broadcast;
_	In the event that the triple team fails and the high post is able to make a pass to the wing the defender closest to the ball must sprint out to defend it.
_	In the event that an athlete is deemed ineligible, they will be given an assessment of Sport Class Not Eligible (NE).
_	This arrangement prevented harm to private branch exchange (PBX) equipment in the event that a StarLAN cable was plugged into the wrong device.
_	Some have suggested that he may have been sent there to prepare for an attack upon the Soviet Union in the event that Stalingrad fell to Germany.
_	"Everybody's invited except those who've been excluded," he said of the event that would include security for some participants.
_	Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin instructed the newly appointed rectors that in the event that there was a difference of opinion amongst them, then Syedna Mufaddal Saifuddin's opinion should take precedence.
_	Guide 65 does not require the product certifier to offer a certification mark in the event that a certificate is offered.
_	Both the Government of Quebec and the Government of Canada publicly stated that they were very pleased with the opinion of the Supreme Court, which stated both that Quebec could not legally separate unilaterally from Canada, and that the Government of Canada would have a legal obligation to enter into separation negotiations with Quebec in the event that a clear majority of its populace were to vote in favour of independence.
_	Prawit is often considered a backer of the anti-government protests during the 2013–14 Thai political crisis, cited as a potential leader in coup rumors (which he denied), or as a possible candidate for prime minister in the event that the anti-government movement should succeed.
_	In the event that proper grip and follow through cannot be obtained because of physical limitations an alternative would be to use a manually cycled firearm action, such as a revolver.
_	During the Second World War, the National Council of the French Resistance adopted plans to create a universal social security program to cover all citizens, regardless of class, in the event that sickness or injury made them unable to work.
_	"Bruner v. Petersen" (1997) found also that contractual protections do not apply in the event that a student, who has failed to meet requirements, is readmitted into a program.
_	It was a purely defensive pact: it obligated a signatory to go to war only in the event that the other was attacked by another Balkan country.
_	The image to the right shows an example of a scoring rule, the logarithmic scoring rule, as a function of the probability reported for the event that actually occurred.
_	These documents are said to be a closely guarded secret of the Catholic Church, and supposedly are hidden in the Vatican Secret Archives, or at past times in an underground vault in the event that Nazi Germany would invade the Vatican.
_	Zvi Yehuda has suggested that the event that set off the rioting was anti-Jewish preaching in the Jami-Al-Gaylani mosque, and that the violence was premeditated rather than a spontaneous outburst.
_	Some band scores have parts for bass guitar, but in the event that a score does not, the bass guitarist normally plays tuba/sousaphone, bassoon, baritone-bass clef, euphonium-bass clef, or trombone music.
_	Most common is the event that comes to be known as the "quick decline", where a person of extremely advanced age and in apparently good health suffers a sudden fatal heart arrythmia and dies abruptly.
_	In the event that aggregate scores finish level, the away goals rule is applied, i.e. the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs progresses.
_	Realizing the severe damage that the enemy could inflict on the combined force in the event that their attack was completely halted, P/Sgt.
_	Ecosystems that channel too much activity along the most efficient pathways do so at the expense of redundant, less-efficient processes that can function to take over vital activities in the event that mainstream processes are distributed.
_	However, in the event that one people-seed finds its way through her window screens, unwelcome as it may be, does the simple fact that the woman knowingly risked such an occurrence when opening her window deny her the ability to rid her house of the intruder?
_	Russia and France already had a mutual defense agreement that said France was obliged to threaten England with an attack if Britain declared war on Russia, while Russia was to concentrate more than 300,000 troops on the Afghan border for an incursion into India in the event that England attacked France.
_	Tchaikovsky believed the public would appreciate the new suite; of the reception at its premiere, he wrote to his patroness Nadezhda von Meck six days after the event that "reality far exceeded my expectations.
_	The absence of a protective blanket exposes the driver, team and spectators to shrapnel in the event that nearly any irregularity in the induction of the air/fuel mixture, the conversion of combustion into rotating crankshaft movements, or in the exhausting of spent gasses is encountered.
_	In the event that Bhima was caught outside the boundary of Hastinapur, Purusha Mruga would eat him.
_	This deal calls for Royal Farms to pay $250,000 annually for five years to the city, and gives Royal Farms first rights to renew or restructure their deal at the end of the contract, or in the event that the city constructs a new arena.
_	It is currently the event that holds the Perioperative Nurse Excellence Awards and Life Membership.
_	This place earn the religious importance in Akilam from the event that, Ayya Vaikundar is given two Vinchais here by Narayana under the Sea;
_	For example, a tangible or intangible duty of care can be established, a power of attorney can be granted in case a party can no longer act on his own behalf, and an arrangement can be made for the event that one party obtains a good that, in whole or in part, is financed with assets of the other.
_	It is not always required for this, however, that a court be willing to grant a presumption of death; the court also has the option of appointing a "curator bonis" to administer the missing person's affairs without granting a presumption-of-death order, the precedent for which was established in "In re Kannemeyer", where the heirs were required to give security for the inherited estate in the event that the missing person reappeared.
_	In the mid-1930s the Bishop of Leiria encouraged Lúcia (now Sister María Lúcia das Dores) to write her memoirs, in the event that she might disclose further details of the 1917 apparitions.
_	The leadership role on the city council meant that MacLean would become acting mayor in the event that Allentown Mayor Ed Pawlowski resigned or was removed from office.
_	In the event that a contest ends in a tie, the points are split.
_	It was stated after the event that many people close to Mason knew he was gay.
_	In the event that the borrower defaults on the loan, investors recoup their capital by assuming the borrower’s equity in the property.
_	In the event that one accidentally exits a station prematurely (by following the wrong signs, for instance), it may be necessary to wait (usually only a few minutes) before re-using the ticket.
_	In the event that a study requires the shoreline position from before aerial photographs, or if the location has poor photographic coverage, historical maps provide an alternative.
_	This was the event that first drew national attention to the Sonic Boom.
_	In the event that it goes untreated in humans, cardiac arrest is a potentially deadly consequence.
_	During the Australian Grand Prix, reports surfaced that the Canadian Grand Prix could return during the 2009 season in the event that the race circuit in Abu Dhabi was not ready in time.
_	This guarantees a minimum liquidation value per share in the event that a business combination is not effected.
_	In the event that the winner of the play-off competition did not meet the minimum standards criteria for entry to the Premiership, there was to be no promotion or relegation between the Championship and Premiership for that season.
_	In the event that no further scoring occurs, the game is drawn, and each team receives one point each.
_	The trial and conviction of Alfred Dreyfus was the event that instigated the Dreyfus Affair, a political scandal which divided France during the 1890s and early 1900s.
_	Tomasini organized each of the three proposed structures as independent projects, preferably to be worked simultaneously, but in the event that one was not approved, it would not delay the construction of the other two.
_	According to the World Bank the event that conflicts subside in the country, and in the event that there is a transition to democracy the following will result in an increase economic growth by encouraging investment of the country and its people, schooling, economic restructuring, public-good provision, and reducing social unrest.
_	It may also return 127 in the event that n specifies a non-existent job or zero if there were no jobs to wait for.
_	Although NAS Keflavík has closed and the American military has left Iceland, the United States is still responsible for defending its ally and the facilities at Keflavík will still be available, in the event that a "surged expeditionary presence" is deemed necessary.
_	The Transcontinental Race started in 2013 and is the event that is most similar to the Trans Am Bike Race because it is on paved roads; however, that route varies every year with different start and finish locations being used and riders must choose their own route while visiting certain checkpoints.
_	They must contain projected increases or decreases to state revenue in the event that the bill becomes law.
_	Both dynamic routing and static routing are usually used on a router to maximise routing efficiency and to provide backups in the event that dynamic routing information fails to be exchanged.
_	In order to maintain his eligibility for the NHL in the event that the lockout ended, the contract contained an out clause with a 20 July 2005, deadline.
_	BUIC sites were alternate control sites in the event that SAGE Direction Centers became disabled and unable to control interceptor aircraft.
_	The next deployment opportunity on 7 February 1994 would have been during orbit 67 but payload controllers and flight controllers determined that there would be insufficient time to safely develop contingency procedures in the event that WSF was unable to maintain stable attitude control without the use of its Horizon Sensor.
_	Twenty-nine states, however, have state laws requiring their electors to vote for their pledged candidate, but the Constitutionality of those laws has not been ruled on (they are currently being challenged), while the supremacy clause established by the Constitution provides that state courts are bound by federal law in the event that state law were to contradict federal law.
_	In the event that this did not occur, he would announce his imminent resignation.
_	In the event that some portion of the nucleus did survive, the eccentricity and inclination of Comet Lovejoy's orbit avoids significant perturbation from planets, which leaves the possibility that the comet may return for another perihelion.
_	NBA TV carries at least 90 regular season games per season, which typically air four days a week during the NBA season (mainly on Mondays, Tuesdays and Saturdays, although occasional Wednesday, Friday and Sunday games may air in the event that ESPN does not hold rights to coverage on those nights), as well as some first-round playoff games.
_	Thus, some has marked this upset as the event that led to Miles' downfall.
_	Rena Kubota, who fought on the same event but not in the tournament, announced at the event that she would be fighting Kamimura for the first ever Rise Queen title.
_	The LastResort font is invisible to the end user, but is used by the system to display reference glyphs in the event that glyphs needed to display a given character are not found in any other available font.
_	On 20 July 875, al-Mu'tamid formally arranged for the governance of the state and his succession: his underage son Ja'far was given the honorific name "al-Mufawwad ila-llah", was named heir-apparent and assigned the western half of the Caliphate—Ifriqiya, Egypt, Syria, the Jazira and Mosul, Armenia, Mihrajanqadhaq and Hulwan— while al-Muwaffaq received the eastern provinces and was named second heir, except for the event that the Caliph died while al-Mufawwad was still a minor.
_	Due to an attack by Harper and Rowan earlier in the event that injured Kane's ankle, Bryan initially competed alone.
_	The rules do not give a timetable for informing detainees in the event that the tribunal has decided to retain their enemy combatant designations.
_	The Occupy Ashland speakers told students at the event that they need to "speak out against the high amount of student loan debt."
_	In cell biology, microtubule nucleation is the event that initiates "de novo" formation of microtubules (MTs).
_	In 1993, U.S. Senator Orrin Hatch introduced Han to a crowd at Capitol Hill; she stated at the event that she and Moon are the first True Parents.
_	Event Handlers are used to perform methods according to the event that has occurred.
_	This was the event that prompted him to undertake test construction of the MCMI himself.
_	In the event that "T" is a positive operator, for any orthonormal basis "u", one has
_	Plus is a complimentary full-time channel that serves as an overflow network in the event that two local games are scheduled to air simultaneously on NBC Sports Philadelphia.
_	Magog is called in to restrain Atom in the event that he tries to flee, but ultimately fails as the hero defeats him and escapes.
_	In the event that a vote of confidence fails, the process of government formation passes to the Sejm, which will then nominate a prime minister within fourteen days, who will again propose the composition of the cabinet.
_	In the event that the Helios ballot becomes corrupt by displaying choices that in reality accounts for other candidates, the Ballot Encyrption Verification program is able to counter the attack.
_	The Katsura-no-miya house was one of the four shinnōke, branches of the Imperial Family of Japan which were eligible to succeed to the Chrysanthemum Throne in the event that the main line should die out.
_	This was the first time a Pope had visited a predominantly Eastern Orthodox country since the East-West Schism in 1054, the event that separated Eastern Orthodoxy and Western Catholicism.
_	In the event that Camilo is a candidate and wins the elections, the Ferreira Gomes Family will practically take 16 years in power.
_	Instead, the president of the Senate was named next in succession, or the president of the Permanent Commission, in the event that the Senate was in recess.
_	Catherine Peyroux has said that Itta established the monastery in order to protect her and her daughter in the event that her sons fell out of favor with the ruling dynasty, as well as to safeguard the family lands from plunder or seizure through forced marriage.
_	In the event that members of the public are injured, this may give rise to issues of self-defense as a justification.
_	In the event that a contestant spins duplicate numbers, the dollar amount behind their first selection is doubled (or tripled if they spin three of the same number).
_	Jayakatwang restoration of Kediri was short-lived, but the event that happened during his reign played important part in the history of Java and Indonesia, especially in the rise of Majapahit under Raden Wijaya.
_	Additionally, in a February 13 editorial the Bulletin reminded the new council that the major purpose of incorporation had been to either construct a railroad bridge across the North Saskatchewan River or, in the event that Canadian Pacific Railway was not amenable to the idea, construct a traffic bridge to lead to the train station in South Edmonton.
_	The Burke Group, during the 2003 election campaign "Trainer declared that she did not want to work with McLachlan and other senior staff" in the event that she took office and became head of the municipal corporation .
_	Lynn referred to Nick's abduction as "the event that caused Nick to be ushered into the van."
_	As per a May 1951 electoral law, each candidate had to give the names of another who would occupy the second seat in the event that the other party's first candidate came in third or below.
_	This aircraft would be able to bomb Nazi-occupied Europe in the event that Britain fell.
_	He explained in a radio interview at the event that if his request was approved, he would record his parody the next day.
_	The nature of the event that caused this mass extinction has been extensively studied since the 1970s; at present, several related theories are supported by paleontologists.
_	Feature manager can also allow child access to the GPS location services, in the event that they should lose their phone.
_	Oklahoma is the only other state currently allowing firing squads, and solely in the event that lethal injection, nitrogen hypoxia and electrocution are all declared unconstitutional.
_	Graham's military assignment to London was the event that led him to stay in Britain for the remainder of his career.
_	...the book that literally never does grow old, that has a concise, authoritative statement on the memorable event of yesterday as well as on the event that occurred thousands of years ago; the book that is never finished, and that nevertheless has the latest word on pretty much any subject regarding which immediate information is desired, seems very much like the wild and insubstantial dream of some overworked press agent, were it not that the thing has actually been accomplished, that the book in question really does exist...
_	The election Decree was required to be issued no later than the twenty-fifth day prior to the date of expiry of the Cortes in the event that the Prime Minister did not make use of his prerogative of early dissolution.
_	Last, the Insolvency Protection Directive 2008 requires that employees' wage claims are protected in the event that their employer falls insolvent.
_	Rex 84, short for Readiness Exercise 1984, was a classified scenario and drill developed by the United States federal government to detain large numbers of United States citizens deemed to be "national security threats", in the event that the President declared a "State of National Emergency".
_	What is more, in the event that Britain abandoned its Entente friends, it was feared that if Germany won the war, or the Entente won without British support, then, either way, Britain would be left without any friends.
_	20 cars started the event that was the first major race held at North Wilkesboro since the track was dropped from the Cup schedule after 1996.
_	In the event that teams finish on equal points, then teams were separated according to points average(goals scored divided by goals conceded).
_	Despite Blood's own doubts about himself, when the Justice League vanished during their attempt to rescue Aquaman from the past, Batman's emergency program — designed to assemble a substitute Justice League in the event that the originals were ever killed — selected Blood as the team's magic expert, a pre-recorded message Batman had left for Blood assuring the sorcerer that he would not give Etrigan the keys to the Watchtower unless he was certain he could be controlled.
_	Shortly thereafter, he began exploring options for constructing a horse racing track in Longueuil in the event that Montreal's famed Blue Bonnets Raceway was shut down.
_	The East-West Schism was the event that divided Chalcedonian Christianity into Western Catholicism and Eastern Orthodoxy.
_	The earthquake formed the largest of a sequence of events that have affected the area over a period of days, with 11 foreshocks of M 4.6 and greater, starting on 3 February with an M 4.8 earthquake and including an M 6.1 event on 4 February, within a few kilometres of the event that took place on 6 February.
_	It was organized as a one-day political protest against the killing of draft evader and labour activist Albert "Ginger" Goodwin, who had called for a general strike in the event that any worker was drafted against their will.
_	Spain said it would exercise all of its jurisdictional rights in the event that the find is part of Spain's heritage.
_	The speech raised $1 million for Goldwater's campaign, and is considered the event that launched Reagan's political career.
_	It is a requirement of the event that the only conversations permitted while on the lake are discussions of anime, and the convention provides a list of recommended shows and conversation topics ahead of time.
_	But it was the event that may have had the toughest final three competitors ever.
_	In the event that all four players pass, the player who holds the spadille (Queen of clubs) must play "small" beg.
_	During the Cold War, the Soviet military doctrine for defending the Caucasus had outlined a strategy where Armenia would be a combat zone in the event that NATO member Turkey were to have invaded from the west.
_	Her husband's unfaithfulness is the event that leads Ria into her decision to switch homes with the lady from America.
_	The book's story was originally written with the intention of adapting it as a low-budget sequel film to "Star Wars" in the event that the original film was not successful enough to spawn the franchise it would ultimately go on to produce.
_	Additionally, stations may also air select MeTV programs that are recorded in advance on their main channels in order to fill unprogrammed time slots or for use as a backup source of programming in the event that a network-televised sports event is delayed or postponed due to inclement weather as well as during the Christmas season to provide supplementary holiday-themed programming.
_	The upper intercept of the concordia and the discordia line will reflect the original age of formation, while the lower intercept will reflect the age of the event that led to open system behavior and therefore the lead loss; although there has been some disagreement regarding the meaning of the lower intercept ages.
_	Joel Mokyr has argued that political fragmentation (the presence of a large number of European states) made it possible for heterodox ideas to thrive, as entrepreneurs, innovators, ideologues and heretics could easily flee to a neighboring state in the event that the one state would try to suppress their ideas and activities.
_	In the event that an explosion happens right next to the cannon it is a misfire; another cannon tile must be placed on the cannon and its effect applied, it makes up one unit of the imperial army.
_	In the event that the Start referee deems the reason invalid, a yellow card (warning) is issued to that particular athlete.
_	In the event that the athlete is already on a warning the athlete is disqualified.
_	In the event that Southern Miss decided to terminate the contract, Johnson would be paid $700,000 for each year left on his contract.
_	The mechanics of the 2014 ABC series "Rising Star" — which allowed for live, real-time voting by viewers — would allow the insertion of live reaction segments in the event that a contestant eliminated by low vote totals in the original Eastern/Central time zone broadcast would be saved by results watching the Pacific/Mountain broadcast, but the show was broadcast live across the mainland U.S. except the Pacific time zone.
_	In December 2016 the Professional Football Compensation Committee ruled that Brentford should pay Gillingham an initial net compensation fee of £400,000, an additional £25,000 for every 20 games that he plays for Brentford, up to 80 games, as well as a 20% sell-on fee and a fee of £75,000 in the event that Brentford are promoted to the Premier League within the period of the player’s three year contract.
_	A 2006 robbery of a Tama man and an ensuing gunfight that caused 20 deaths and 9 serious injuries was cited as the event that triggered increased violence.
_	In the event that less than two bands in a conference earn a Division I rating at the region competition, the judging panel will select two bands from that conference to advance.
_	At first, the king's wound did not appear fatal, but he enjoined all the officers around him, in the event that he did not survive, to be loyal to Henry of Navarre as their new king.
_	In the event that conditions become dry, the plasmodium will form a sclerotium, essentially a dry and dormant state.
_	In the event that conditions become moist again the sclerotium absorbs water and an active plasmodium is restored.
_	1. Compensation will only be paid to the family members of the people killed aboard the Marmara; 2. Confirmation of a signed commitment from Turkey, whereby Turkey will be unable to sue Israel over the incident; 3. The Turkish government will return the monetary compensation to Israel in the event that civilian lawsuits are ever filed by Turkish citizens; a meeting was also planned for the discussion of future relations between Turkey and Israel.
_	These championships were also notable for introducing the Rolling Thunder World Championships, seen as the event that determines the athlete with the greatest grip strength on the planet.
_	In most cases, long-term contracts demand some sort of premium over market prices to compensate the off-taker for putting up the credit to guarantee the contract in the event that prices drop.
_	Dirk Coetsee, as captain of the Stellenbosch Infantry, ensured that their plot was backed up by military force in the event that the petition failed.
_	However, these clubs remained as members of the FAW, meaning that it was unclear whether they would be eligible to claim one of England's European places in the event that they met the qualifying criteria.
_	In the event that the leader of the group promoted actions that did not appear to be honorable on a larger societal scale, the leader then offered some explanation defending their actions which lead to the preservation of what they defined as honor and their traditions forever.
_	T. R. Fehrenbach, a military historian, wrote in his analysis of the event that North Korean troops committing these events were likely accustomed to torture and execution of prisoners due to decades of rule by oppressive armies of the Empire of Japan up until World War II.
_	News on 6 Now may take on the responsibility of being a substitute carrier of CBS programming in the event that extended breaking news or severe weather coverage required preemption on KOTV's main channel.
_	It was shown at different times during the event that Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs, Full Sail University President Garry Jones, as well as Ric Flair, Pat Patterson, Dusty Rhodes, and John Cena were in attendance at ringside.
_	However, the secrecy of the vote is usually maintained, as at the close of the poll this list linking voters to their ballot paper numbers is sealed inside a packet which may only be opened by the order of a court in the event that the election result is challenged.
_	To avoid this, it is often favorable for cornerbacks to either: "switch" assignments, where he will agree beforehand to trade assignments with one of his fellow defenders in the event that the receivers criss-cross as the play begins, or alternatively, a corner may instead line up very close to the receiver at the line of scrimmage to force or "jam" him toward the sideline (outside) without violating the 5-yard no-touch rule.
_	Under Article 356 of the Constitution of India, in the event that a state government is unable to function according to constitutional provisions, the Central government can take direct control of the state machinery.
_	There is no provision for a run-off in the event that no candidate wins by an overall majority.
_	NATO member nations had a pact to protect each other in the event that any member state came under attack from an external force.
_	In the event that triggered World War I, Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria was assassinated, along with his wife Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg in Sarajevo on 28 June 1914 by a self-declared Yugoslav, Gavrilo Princip, a member of Young Bosnia.
_	The bill would give the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate both the standing to sue the President of the United States in a federal district court to clarify a federal law (that is, seek a declaratory judgment) in the event that the executive branch is not enforcing the law.
_	This was controversial since most of the HDP's votes would have been transferred to the AKP in the event that the HDP failed to win above 10% of the vote.
_	With war with Germany now a reality, Menzies sent Richard Casey to London to seek reassurances about the defence of Australia in the event that Australian forces were sent to Europe or the Middle East.
_	Hunter tells Artyom that he intends to gather intel on the Dark Ones, and in the event that he doesn't return Artyom must carry a message to a man named Melnik at Polis with news of the threat.
_	With the help of a younger Charles Xavier and Hank McCoy, they are able to prevent Mystique from assassinating Bolivar Trask, the event that would've led to the Sentinel-ruled future.
_	In the event that we were banned from coming back to the U.S., I think I would have survived.
_	The IHSA's policy, similar to those adopted by the NCAA, colleges such as Illinois State University and the University of Illinois, and other state high school associations, allows news-gathering organizations to sell photos that are published but prohibits the sale (usually through a Web site) of the many photos taken at the event that are not published.
_	It is revealed that he has been testing the generator as a part of his survival plan for his family in the event that a pandemic sweeps the nation.
_	If one party owns the home that they share the other party can apply to the court for the right to occupy the home in the event that the relationship breaks down.
_	In the event that no player succeeds in pocketing his private number, gameplay ends when the last private number is potted, and the game is played again with all points values doubled.
_	Fox initially ordered only 13 episodes — the successful rescue at the end of the season's first half was planned as a series finale in the event that the show was not renewed.
_	He adds to this a discussion of surface rocks in New York City, which seem to have undergone a radical chemical change—the feldspar has been converted into slate and the mica has separated out from the iron, as if they had undergone tremendous heat and pressure, as they likely would in the event that a comet struck the earth.
_	This has been controversial since all of the HDP's votes would be transferred to the AKP in the event that the HDP fails to win above 10% of the vote.
_	His 1994 season went without a win, but he did lead off the Santa Monica Track Club's 4 × 200 m relay at the Mt. SAC Relays when the team of Marsh, Leroy Burrell, Floyd Heard and Carl Lewis set a world record in the event that would stand until 2014.
_	If the ward owns substantial property the guardian may be required to give a surety bond to protect the ward in the event that dishonesty or incompetence on his or her part causes financial loss to the ward.
_	In the event that two or more teams share the highest points on the final tally, the criteria to decide the champion are
_	Buyers would have to agree to some form of dual agency in the event that they wished to buy a home which that company has listed for sale and for which it represents the seller.
_	In the event that the referral is upheld the referring team will retain its right of referral.
_	The Sun Belt Conference was available as an alternative in the event that one of the conferences could not provide enough bowl-eligible teams.
_	In the event that domestic communications are swept up, the minimization procedures are applied.
_	It was the event that would create her reputation, for now she realized that she could get money by being so annoying to people, that they would give her cash to stay away.
_	Better, in the event that something goes wrong, to be able to tell yourself that you spent all you could.
_	In the event that a premier leaves office while the legislature is summoned, the new premier is required to, within 12 months of being appointed, advise the lieutenant governor to call an election.
_	Thorough stakeholder analysis is important to identifying: the correct entity(s) from whom to seek informed consent; the party(s) who bear the burdens or face risks of research; the party(s) who will benefit from research activity; and, the party(s) who are critical to mitigation in the event that chosen risks come to fruition.
_	Rick Leary revealed that the TTC is working on a contingency plan in the event that Bombardier misses the 2019 deadline.
_	While course officials have repeatedly taken safety measures over the years, such as improving veterinary facilities and reducing the severity of fences, some have campaigned for further modifications or the abolition of the event that was inaugurated in 1839.
_	In the event that one b-boy won multiple championships, the next highest ranked b-boy would qualify.
_	In the weight throw she in Bloomington, Indiana, which placed her second in the world for the event that year behind Amber Campbell.
_	WWE Hall of Fame (2018) was the event that featured the introduction of the 19th class to the WWE Hall of Fame.
_	To celebrate the event that lifted the emperor's constraint of dying without issue, Lý Thánh Tông changed his era name from Chương Thánh Gia Khánh (彰聖嘉慶) to Long Chương Thiên Tự (龍章天嗣) and gave out a general amnesty for prisoners.
_	As it is a sister station to KMBC, the station may take on responsibility of running ABC network programs in the event that KMBC is unable to carry them because of extended breaking news or severe weather coverage, or commitments to broadcasts of sporting events.
_	After English actor and comedian Russell Brand divorced Perry in late December 2011, she was so distraught over the event that she considered committing suicide.
_	Plus also serves an overflow feed in the event that multiple local teams whose games would normally be televised on MSG (such as the NBA's New York Knicks, WNBA's New York Liberty, and the NHL's Buffalo Sabres) are playing at the same time.
_	(also indicated as GRB 110328A when it was discovered) is the name of the event that was observed on March 28, 2011, the tidal disruption of a star by a supermassive black hole.
_	In the event that the two teams scored the same number of goals over the two legs, the team that scored more goals away from home qualified for the next round; if both teams scored the same number of away goals, matches would go to extra time and then penalties if the teams could not be separated after extra time.
_	After the June 2015 general election resulted in a hung parliament, unsuccessful coalition negotiations raised speculation over whether President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan would call an early election in the event that AKP leader Ahmet Davutoğlu was unable to form a government within the given constitutional time of 45 days.
_	"Colorado"s Commanding Officer, Captain Marcus Chaplin (Andre Braugher), asks for confirmation of the firing order because the orders were received through a legacy Cold War secondary communication channel, only to be used in the event that Washington, D.C. has already been destroyed.
_	"Utu" recovers balance in the event that social relations are interrupted.
_	Each HPU possessed the capacity to provide hydraulic power to both servoactuators within %115 operational limits in the event that hydraulic pressure from the other HPU should drop below .
_	WBKO has always had a long-standing policy to preempt regular programming for wall-to-wall, uninterrupted severe weather coverage in the event that the National Weather Service issues a tornado warning for any county within its viewing area.
_	Albuera would prove to be the event that ensured the memory of Inglis' name in history.
_	In the event that a spectacle wearer cannot obtain the eye relief that they require, some cameras and microscopes allow prescription lenses to be fitted onto their eyepieces.
_	Berg's original claim of self-defense was initially believed, and he was awarded a Purple Heart for the event that later earned him detention, demotion and a Bad Conduct Discharge.
_	The tiebreaker that determines which team moves on to the Climax Series in the event that two teams end the regular season with the same record has drawn criticism.
_	For example, when I say that the event that the coin lands heads up has probability ½, I do so because my degree of belief in the proposition that the coin will land heads up is ½.
_	The change was evolutionary and has been described as the event that took cricket out of its "pioneering phase" into what may be termed its "pre-modern phase" (i.e., which ended when overarm bowling ushered in the modern game in 1864) and effectively created a different code of cricket, just as there are now two different codes of rugby football.
_	In the event that the above construction fails (that is, the red circle and the black circle do not intersect in two points), find a point on the line so that the length of line segment is a positive integral multiple, say , of the length of and is greater than (this is possible by Archimede's axiom).
_	However, it also ruled that, in the event that a clear majority of the population voted in favour of a clear referendum question on secession, the democratic principles of the constitution required political leaders to respond to that result in good faith.
_	BitLocker originated as a part of Microsoft's Next-Generation Secure Computing Base architecture in 2004 as a feature tentatively codenamed "Cornerstone", and was designed to protect information on devices, particularly in the event that a device was lost or stolen; another feature, titled "Code Integrity Rooting", was designed to validate the integrity of Microsoft Windows boot and system files.
_	At Tribal Council, Diaz-Twine voted against Bracco in the event that Vlachos played an idol.
_	In the event that tooth decay does occur (usually from trauma), dogs can receive dental fillings just as humans do.
_	Proponents of debt moratoriums argue that it is a sovereign decision by the government of a nation to suspend payment of debt to its creditors, in the event that to do otherwise would do irreparable harm to the welfare of its citizenry.
_	The government of Saudi Arabia officially reported two days after the event that there had been 769 deaths and 934 injured.
_	However, on 16 December 2009, the FA announced that Hillsborough Stadium (home of rivals Sheffield Wednesday) would be Sheffield's venue in the event that a World Cup is awarded to England and Sheffield is named a host city.
_	In the event that the team which received a bye in Round 2B loses in Round 3, and thereby has lost its first two games in the Championship, then that team must take part in the Relegation play-offs to decide the two lowest teams in the championship.
_	In the event that a fourth chain was needed to decide the game, the point values were 40 points per word and 80 for the final word.
_	In the event that more than one entity has access to something simultaneously, exclusion occurs when:
_	This is the case even in the event that it is not the solicitor who makes the unsolicited approach.
_	Plus primarily serves an overflow feed in the event that teams whose games Fox Sports Oklahoma has the right to broadcast play conflicting games simultaneously, mainly those that are televised on Fox Sports Southwest that may otherwise also air on Fox Sports Oklahoma (such as Texas Ranger Baseball or Dallas Star Hockey) are scheduled to be held at the same time as the scheduled telecast of a Thunder, Sooners or Cowboys game, or a high school or collegiate sporting event involving an Oklahoma team.
_	They must contain projected increases or decreases to state revenue in the event that the bill becomes law.
_	In the event that no air action was authorized during the conflict in November 1962, no combat sorties were flown by any Canberra units.
_	In the event that the morpheme of the first syllable is using vowels [e] and [o], morpheme bound to the final syllable must use vowels [e] and [o].
_	The treaty stipulated that Carthage had the sole right to negotiate the terms of Rome's hypothetical surrender and promised mutual aid in the event that a resurgent Rome should seek revenge against either Macedonia or Carthage.
_	For motion pictures, it is usually applied at the internegative stage, as insurance companies usually are reluctant to have the camera negative bleach bypassed, or the interpositive (a "protection"/"preservation" element), in the event that the look is agreed to be too extreme, and the cost of the process for each individual release print is most often cost-prohibitive.
_	In the event that the commission can not reach a majority within thirty days, the governor may select the at-large member.
_	According to most versions of the story, Methvin told his father that the gang had planned a spot for a rendezvous in the event that any of the gang were separated.
_	In the event that the magnesium block is displaced, etoxadrol blocks the NMDA receptor channel, preventing cations from entering or exiting the channel.
_	In the event that aggregate scores finish level, the away goals rule is applied, i.e. the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs progresses.
_	The Ponce Regional Headquarters have been outfitted to serve as alternate operational headquarters of the Puerto Rico Police in the event that an emergency or crisis renders the San Juan headquarters inoperable.
_	Alan wrote to Henry in 1224, stating that he had been active in the king's service from June to September, and was about to launch a planned invasion of Ireland, but had just received intelligence indicating that a deal had been concluded between Hugh and the justiciar; additionally in his letter, Alan asked the king for confirmation of such a truce, and requested, in the event that Hugh were to be restored to favour, that his own and his brother's lands would be safeguarded by the king.
_	The purpose of these routes is to provide a detour in the event that the parent route is impassable, due to either a traffic jams, traffic collision, or road closure (for a variety of reasons).
_	Exempt property, under the law of property in many jurisdictions, is property that can neither be passed by will nor claimed by creditors of the deceased in the event that a decedent leaves a surviving spouse or surviving descendants.
_	Bill, in the event that the flag were to change, the current flag (described as the "1902 flag") of New Zealand may continue to be used, and is "recognised as a flag of historical significance."
_	In the event that they get three (3) stomps from the Dance Masters within their performance, the act will automatically make it to next phase of the competition.
_	Their first medal came in 1936, in Stuttgart, Germany, the event that was also considered the first ever Rink Hockey World Championship, when Portugal finished 3rd place, behind world champions, England, and Italy.
_	"Elba" was present, along with the British cruiser , the French cruiser , and the United States' gunboat during the Battle of Chemulpo Bay on 9 February 1904 during the Russo-Japanese War. "Elba", "Talbot", and "Pascal" cleared for action in the event that the Japanese warships opened fire on them.
_	Towards the end of the 90's, locals became increasingly concerned about the financial viability of Whitetooth in the event that the Pioneer chair ever needed to be replaced.
_	In one scene, near-starving chicks are shown taking sustenance out of their father's throat sacs, 11th-hour nourishment in the form of a milky, protein-rich substance secreted from a sac in the father's throat to feed their chicks in the event that circumstances require.
_	The 4950th Test Group (Nuclear) was given responsibility for Eniwetok buildup in the event that testing was resumed.
_	Of course, in the event that the flame does go out, there must be provision to relight.
_	He decided to accept and when Jourdain announced at the end of the event that he wanted to retire from working on the Bridge Bulletin, the European Bridge League (EBL) appointed Horton its Chief Editor, a post he has held ever since.
_	These rules are used as part of the teaching and instruction process as in learning to use them the student also learns about the principles behind the calculations, it also allows the student to be able to use these instruments as a back up in the event that the modern electronics in general use fail.
_	In the event that the condition is not caught shortly after birth, vaginal atresia becomes more evident when no menstrual cycle is occurs.
_	For many years, the heroes heralded this adventure as the event that prompted them to agree to pool resources when confronted with similar menaces.
_	In the event that a team wins both the Premier Division and the Rock Cup, the runners up of the Premier Division will play against the winner of Premier Division.
_	In addition, KTUL-DT2 simulcast live weather cut-ins and long-form coverage carried on the station's main channel in the event that severe weather affected the channel 8 viewing area and, to comply with FCC educational programming guidelines, carried a half-hour block of syndicated children's programs on Monday through Saturday afternoons.
_	Critics of the government and the HDP alleged that such talks could lead to a potential coalition between the AKP and HDP in the event that the HDP enters parliament and the AKP does not win a majority.
_	Recounts will often take place in the event that the initial vote tally during an election is extremely close.
_	In the event that the two teams' aggregate scores were tied, the team that scored more goals in their away leg would progress to the next round.
_	In the event that the sentence imposed was ever reverted to life imprisonment, Judge Thomas Fredericks imposed an alternate sentence of 199 years, 4 months' imprisonment to take immediate effect.
_	Lead singer Matt Balmer, 22, said of the event that the band "expected to spend our Antarctic winter here at Rothera quietly getting on with our work and maybe performing at the occasional Saturday night party.
_	It was also at the event that he wrestled his final match against the Cat Burglar, which he won.
_	The highest calibre performance on the second day came from Gerd Kanter, whose throw of 69.70 m won the men's discus by nearly five metres – only he threw further in the event that year.
_	The State Duma may not be dissolved on these grounds during the first year after parliamentary elections, the last six months of the incumbent President's term, as well as in time of emergency, or war and in the event that the State Duma has initiated the impeachment of the incumbent President.
_	Ciano was due to be "sprung" from his jail cell by the Germans on 7 January 1943, but in the event that never happened.
_	Prime Minister Stephen Harper noted that the bill will likely not become law, but will take whatever action necessary in the event that it does.
_	XXXIII Reuss was seen as the most probable heir to the Dutch throne in the event that Queen Wilhelmina remained childless.
_	In addition, ChevronTexaco maintained the right to seize all of Cobasys' intellectual property rights in the event that ECD Ovonics did not fulfill its contractual obligations.
_	The marking was for people to remember the person; and in the event that the spirit were to awaken and try to make its way back home from the graveyard, it would see its own karsikko-marking, then realize that it is dead and instead try to find the path to the spirit realm.
_	It would be the exigencies of Soviet foreign policy which ultimately shaped the Comintern's orientation, when on May 2, 1935, the two countries most concerned about the implications of growing German militarism — France and the Soviet Union — concluded the Franco-Soviet Treaty of Mutual Assistance, a mutual aid pact in which each promised to come to the other's defense in the event that aggression violating the Covenant of the League of Nations was suffered.
_	WCVB, which had lost a lot of money airing "The Cosby Show" in weekend blocks only, retained a small portion of the show's syndication rights for weekends and occasional airings in primetime (in the event that they chose to preempt an ABC network program).
_	Isaac Asimov also speculated that, in the event that he had not been killed while in the service of the British Empire, Moseley might very well have been awarded the 1916 Nobel Prize in Physics, which, along with the prize for chemistry, was not awarded to anyone that year.
_	Farrell Lines has also been able to sustain its tradition of leadership by participating in the Maritime Security Program (MSP) and the Voluntary Intermodal Sealift Agreement (VISA); both are important programs designed to support the Department of Defense in its sustainment of U.S. military forces to ensure the fleet is prepared in the event that emergency deployment is needed.
_	Singapore has partial jurisdiction over several military training area overseas, the terms of the Status of forces agreement and Visiting Forces Agreement differ between the countries, but the general outline of which allows Singapore troops freedom of movement within the designated training area, as well as jurisdiction to carry out criminal proceedings in the event that the offences are not punishable by the local laws of the area.
_	The Bolivar Monument ("Piedra de Bolivar") is located in Bombona, 6 km away from the town center and it is a place of historical importance for Colombia owing to the event that took place on 7 April 1822 during Simon Bolivar's battle for the Liberty.
_	In order to avoid defeat, movements must become organized and capable of combating the repression of the state apparatus, and they must be able to support their comrades and allies in the event that they are arrested or imprisoned.
_	After the June 2015 general election resulted in a hung parliament, unsuccessful coalition negotiations raised speculation over whether President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan would call an early election in the event that AKP leader Ahmet Davutoğlu was unable to form a government within the given constitutional time of 45 days.
_	The hemodynamic response occurs within seconds of the presented stimuli, but it is essential to space out the events in order to ensure that the response being measured is from the event that was presented and not from a prior event.
_	The members of the National Assembly serve for four years; in the event that a member is unable to complete his or her term, a by-election is held.
_	He went into the penultimate round of fixtures needing a victory over Anderson to stand a chance of progressing but, when he lost 7–5, it marked the first time in the 11-year history of the event that Taylor did not qualify for the play-offs.
_	Whoever completes the course fastest or--in the event that neither finishes--gets the farthest wins a $10,000 prize.
_	Kent tried to tag up from second base in the event that right fielder Shawn Green caught the ball.
_	He was created by the Shredder and used alongside Koya as the contingency plan to attack Krang while in the Atlantic Ocean aboard Krang's ship in the event that a deal can't be made between Shredder and Krang.
_	He argued that in the event that the sport's governing body, the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile, felt he was overly aggressive, he would be notified and issued a warning D'Ambrosio said that from his point of view, he steered into the corner early and argued that he did not change his line: "Sure, I didn’t give much space but this is racing.
_	The return to shore system is an electric motor that drives the propeller so that a nitro boat can be driven to shore, in the event that the engine cuts out during use.
_	KAUT may occasionally take on the responsibility of running NBC network shows in place of regular programming in the event that extended breaking news or severe weather coverage is carried on KFOR (the first such instance in which this occurred was on May 21, 2013, while KFOR-TV ran extended coverage of the aftermath of an EF5 tornado that struck Moore).
_	While has been interpreted in some biblical versions as stating to the contrary: "Of course there won’t be any poor persons among you because the Lord will bless you" (e.g. Common English Bible translation), other versions suggest that provision is made for not applying the law of the Lord's Release is made in the event that there be no poverty in the land (King James Version: "Save when there shall be no poor among you") and in other cases a purposive interpretation is adopted: "To the end that there be no poor among you".
_	(2) that such new copy or adaptation is for archival purposes only and that all archival copies are destroyed in the event that continued possession of the computer program should cease to be rightful.
_	Following the accession of George VI to the throne, the United Kingdom created legislation that provided for a regency in the event that the monarch was not of age or incapacitated.
_	Snowden learns of the practices the NSA and other U.S. government agencies are using not just in Japan, but in most countries which the U.S. is currently allied with, which include planting malware in different computers that manage government, infrastructure and financial sectors so that, in the event that any allies turn against the US, that country can effectively be shut down in retaliation.
_	After Charles Whitman's sniper rampage had been stopped, the primary newsman on the scene, Neal Spelce, presented a wrap-up of the event that was carried on all three networks live later that evening.
_	In the event that a player goes over, the score for that turn is lost.
_	Moon flights were generally launched on a free return trajectory that would return them to Earth via a circumlunar loop in the event that a Service Module malfunction failed to place them in lunar orbit as planned.
_	It is the only time in the history of the event that the race has been rescheduled.
_	Most dive computers will provide the necessary decompression information for acceptably safe ascent in the event that the no-decompression limits are exceeded.
_	The duty of being NBC's backup affiliate in the Bay Area in the event that KNTV broadcasts Giants games and breaking news coverage reverted over to KICU in 2012.
_	It was not uncommon for non-military sword carriers to import swords, frequently from Japan's renowned swordsmiths, in the event that Korean sources could not be secured (as they were frequently dedicated to the production of weapons for military use).
_	At the behest of one of the directors, Lansbury recorded a demo of the song for them to use in the event that no other actress was available to sing it on her behalf, or no character other than Mrs. Potts was deemed suitable.
_	In the event that aggregate scores finish level, the away goals rule is applied, i.e. the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs progresses.
_	Roland arrives in Jack's body just as he is about to push Jake into traffic (the event that leads to Jake's appearance in "The Gunslinger"), and stops him from doing so.
_	Historically, in the event that no clear winner emerged, the Go would be dismantled and their straw ropes used in a tug-of-war contest instead.
_	In the event that Hawaii was captured by enemy forces, the special notes could be declared worthless.
_	BUIC sites were alternate control sites in the event that SAGE Direction Centers became disabled and unable to control interceptor aircraft.
_	Those who apply the labels of "crime" or "criminal" intend to assert the hegemony of a dominant population, or to reflect a consensus of condemnation for the identified behavior and to justify any punishments prescribed by the State (in the event that standard processing tries and convicts an accused person of a crime).
_	Donald Morgan is not only a Warden, but a Commander as well; in the event that the Captain is incapacitated, Morgan becomes acting Captain.
_	In the event that they choose argumentation, Hoppe asserts that the parties must have implicitly rejected violence as a way to resolve their conflict.
_	She also set a career best of 15:22.53 minutes for the event that season.
_	In the event that the last letter that could be placed was placed in a bonus square and the contestant that placed the letter could not guess the word, the other player could win the bonus if he/she gave a correct guess.
_	In the event that a disabled rider boards a car, all cyclists must move their bicycles to the entry vestibule.
_	On 28 June 1914, Mayor Čurčić welcomed Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria and his wife Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg to Sarajevo and was present later the same day at their assassination, the event that sparked World War I.
_	Indian troops were withdrawn in order to consolidate and regroup in the event that China probed south of their claim line.
_	The Land Run of 1889, as every Oklahoman knows, refers to the event that took place on April 22, 1889.
_	In response to this, several installations called "generators" were built in the coal-rich North, designed to be city centers in the event that dropping temperatures force mass migration from the south.
_	Moreover, depositors and shareholders, would, in the event that the reform were introduced, understand that the assets had been priced according to this 'government credit', and they would try to escape from this by selling assets, in other words the government credit, at a loss for real money, that is, cash.
_	As the duopoly partner of WTOL, the station may also simulcast long-form severe weather coverage in the event that a tornado warning is issued for any county in its northwestern
_	The election Decree was required to be issued no later than the twenty-fifth day prior to the date of expiry of the Cortes in the event that the Prime Minister did not make use of his prerogative of early dissolution.
_	This time ranked Leng tenth in the world for the event that season.
_	In January 1982, Ford delivered an address to the Houston Republican Club in which he predicted the economy would see an improvement by the middle of the year in the event that President Reagan honor past pledges and not "flip-flop like his predecessors."
_	Still recovering from the destruction of Hurricane Joaquin nearly a month prior, residents were advised on November 8, before Kate had formed, to take more precautions in the event that warnings were issued.
_	Del student Megan Campbell (2019) won the 2018 World Individual Debating and Public Speaking Championship in Cape Town, South Africa -- the first time ever in the 31-year history of the event that a brother and sister have each won the World Champion title.
_	Those who do not have below-ground shelter are still advised to take cover in a room in the center of the home on the lowest floor, and cover themselves with some type of thick padding (such as mattresses or blankets), to protect against falling debris in the event that the roof and ceiling collapse.
_	In the event that a team attempts to use it on a non-elimination leg, the Save is returned to them to use once more.
_	In the event that all ten pins are felled by any one player in a single box, by no more than two throws (just as in tenpins) bonuses are awarded for a strike or spare.
_	In the event that 2 or more players get their tokens to the center at the same time, a tiebreaker round is played.
_	This action is condemned internationally and widely considered to be the event that triggered a marked reduction in the independence of the Malaysian judiciary.
_	I know Saddam's weapons are in Syria due to certain military deals that were made going as far back as the late 1980s that dealt with the event that either capitals were threatened with being overrun by an enemy nation.
_	The official number of active Lanterns apparently does not include backup members who are kept in reserve to be called to active duty on short notice in the event that the regular Lantern in their particular sector is not available.
_	Concerns were also raised in regard to the privacy and security of Glass users in the event that the device is stolen or lost, an issue that was raised by a US congressional committee.
_	One of the established roles for such observers is to act as challengers, in the event that someone attempts to vote at the polling place who is not eligible to vote.
_	Channel head Steve North reported some months after the event that the Dave network was "delighted with how the new shows have gone" and responded coyly to rumours that a new series had been commissioned.
_	This left officers responsible for destroying bridges in the event that the enemy approached nervous about both blowing it too soon and the consequences if they failed.
_	On 29 July 2011, the members of AFC were informed that the legal committee was in agreement that an Extraordinary Congress for the election of President may be convened in the event that the office of President falls vacant for more than one year.
_	According to a piece published in "Le Figaro" on 22 November 2017, Najat Vallaud-Belkacem, former Minister of National Education, Higher Education and Research and defeated candidate in the 2017 legislative elections, sought to lead the Socialist Party (PS) list in the 2019 European elections as a condition of her becoming a candidate for the party leadership, in addition to asking that the post of general secretary be paid in the event that she obtained the post.
_	In the event that the target amount is not reached, members of the crowd who have already invested in the business will have their funds credited back to their Eureeca account for future use.
_	In the event that the in-studio contestant completes their game and an audience member gets a bingo, only the audience member wins.
_	In the event that a consular counselor or consular representative is also a member elected by French expatriates, a replacement is appointed him on his presentation, the President of the Assembly of French Citizens Abroad.
_	This Privilege was a milestone towards the era of serfdom in Poland; some historians list it as the event that marks the introduction of serfdom to Poland.
_	However, the narrative turns at this point with Coolio threatening rival gangs with certain death in the event that they take verbal liberties or transgress into his territory.
_	In the event that one of the poles in the bipolar system is faulted, the current path will switch to ground return, thus allowing the system to continue operating at reduced capacity and reducing the possibility that a pole fault will cause a bipolar outage.
_	In the event that Mariner 10 failed, NASA would only allow the backup to be launched if the fatal error was diagnosed and fixed—this would have to be completed in the two-and-a-half weeks between the scheduled launch on November 3 and the last possible launch date of November 21.
_	Clay underlined his position, warning that even with Mexico's consent, he would block annexation in the event that substantial sectional opposition existed anywhere in the United States.
_	She threatened to resign in September 1980 when her department of Highways and Works faced a £1 million budget cut; "I will resign in the event that they cut our basic services and that means keeping our frontline services and a clean and litter-free city."
_	In the event that the buyer is unable to make payment on the purchase, the seller may make a demand for payment on the bank.
_	Other required forms may include library authorizations (giving the university library permission to make the thesis available as part of its collection) and copyright permissions (in the event that the student has incorporated copyrighted materials in the thesis).
_	However, the event that helped catapult Sambanthan to the forefront of MIC politics was a visit by Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit, the younger sister of the then Indian prime minister Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru.
_	The two-issue IDW mini-series "Infestation 2", which started in January 2012, is in essence a two-part bookend story, with the first issue showing the origins of the event that continues within "Infestation 2: G.I. Joe" and the second finishing up the story after the G.I. Joe series.
_	The Space Shuttle Solid Rocket Boosters were equipped with explosive charges so that the boosters could be destroyed in the event that control was lost on launch and a populated area was in danger.
_	Prior to this Serb generals in Bosnia and Herzegovina and in Croatia formed a military alliance in the event that "Western Serbia" was attacked.
_	This placed him at the top of the yearly rankings for the event that year.
_	In the event that a pawn finishes its move by landing on a space occupied by another pawn, the pawn occupying that space is captured.
_	In the event that the two teams scored the same number of goals over the two legs, the team that scored more goals away from home qualified for the next round; if both teams scored the same number of away goals, matches would go to extra time and then a penalty shoot-out if the teams could not be separated after extra time.
_	Setting the Bad Bomber option to "Super" results in the event that a Bad Bomber kills a Bomber, that Bad Bomber will come back to life.
_	Richard Walters, editor of the book "The Singer's Musical Theatre Anthology - Teen's Edition: Tenor", believes that the song "takes on a different meaning" in the event that it is separated from the plot of the film and performed by a male vocalist.
_	The ' was inserted to prevent this: in the event that the prince converted to Lutheranism, the ruler would forfeit his seat and be replaced by a Catholic.
_	The model considers the event that the amount of money reaches 0, representing bankruptcy.
_	In the event that the investor card is still used, it is unnecessary to allow extra investment by players who do not have a flag, since they are still able to participate in governance through voting.
_	To define event chains, we need to identify a "sender", the event that initiates the chain of events.
_	The day after the , then-outgoing Ferrari president, Luca di Montezemolo, disclosed to the media that Bianchi had been poised to become the third Ferrari driver in 2015 in the event that the championship moved to three car teams, as had widely been speculated at the time.
_	The United Chambers also have to provide for the regency in two other cases, in accordance with Articles 92 and 93: in the event that the successor to the throne is a minor or in the event that the King is unable to reign.
_	On the facts, it was clear that the purpose of the clause was to set out a pre-determined commercial solution in the event that the buyer defaulted.
_	In the event that he wins with that last tile, it will "not" be considered "hái-dǐ-lāo-yuè" (海底捞月).
_	In other, rarer instances, heroes may switch sides between kingdoms in the event that their guild has been destroyed and their native kingdom can no longer offer them hospitality.
_	The original intention for the MEV was to act as a force of trained emergency volunteers in the event that the National Guard was sent out of the state in a national emergency.
_	Živković, based on "De Administrando Imperio", thinks that the Croats' baptism is connected to Constans II (r. 641–668), as the event that distinguishes the father of one Porga (Heraclius I) from the other Porga (Heraclius Constantine).
_	In the event that the 2011 NFL season had been disrupted because of a then-ongoing labor dispute, the NFL had arranged its schedule to facilitate easier cancellations and postponements.
_	In the event that a team wins both League and the Cup, the runners up of the Cup will play against the winner of League.
_	Dixon feared that "Essex" had reinforcements, which it did not, hence, he intended on detaching another frigate to accompany "Phoebe" in the event that "Essex" was not alone, but none were available.
_	This is triggered in the event that one of Mugsy's rivals orders a contract killing on him.
_	In the event that the window manager doesn't directly support compositing, it is more difficult to isolate where the video stream should be rendered, because by the time it can be accelerated the output has already been turned into a single image.
_	The meanings "end" and "storm-wind" would have constituted nice puns on the event that took place at the Yam Suph.
_	On December 18, 1911, Amundsen's expedition left Polheim, leaving behind his reserve tent, along with a letter for Scott and a letter intended for Scott to deliver to King Haakon VII in the event that Amundsen failed to return.
_	The craft features two engine rooms separated by a watertight bulkhead to permit limited operation in the event that one engine room is disabled.
_	In the event that a person lacks standing, there is a possibility that he or she may be able to ask the Attorney-General to allow him or her to bring a relator action.
_	(1) a project to be approved in the event that a federal agency fails to approve or otherwise act upon a permit, license, or other similar application for approval related to a project within such deadlines, and (2) such approval to be final agency action that may not be reversed by an agency.
_	Cutting a deal with Inouye, Byrd pledged that he would step aside from the position in 1989 in the event that Inouye supported him for Majority Leader for the 100th United States Congress.
_	In the event that the Cabinet collectively resigns it continues to exercise its functions until the appointment of a new Prime Minister.
_	In the event that nobody had seven correct numbers, this portion of the prize fund is carried over to next week's draw.
_	It features Sarah Jane Smith, Luke Smith, Clyde Langer, and Rani Chandra entering data on aliens they have encountered during their adventures into Mr Smith, Sarah Jane's extraterrestrial computer, to benefit humanity in the event that Sarah Jane is no longer capable of defending the Earth against alien threats.
_	In the event that application of the above criteria fails to indicate a 'normal cervical spine', the next step currently is CT examination, which has a reported 98-99% sensitivity for cervical spinal injury.
_	However, the FIFA Council did make an exception to potentially grant eligibility to member associations of the confederation of the second-to-last host of the FIFA World Cup in the event that none of the received bids fulfill the strict technical and financial requirements.
_	He has one of his lackeys keep tabs on his father in the event that Ah-chai and Kwok attempt revenge.
_	A sixteenth player, who is the next highest player with the most wins, then by amount of money won, not in the field, is also invited as an alternate contestant in the event that a qualified champion is unable to attend.
_	An additional back-up entry was selected in the event that another participant withdrew; the entry was "The Reason", written by Nora Deneș and performed by Nora Deneș and The Fridays.
_	In the event that the liquidator's initial certification as to the solvency/insolvency of the company changes during the course of the liquidation, the membership of the committee will similarly change so as to properly represent the stakeholders in the liquidation.
_	In this regard, the Prime Broker is exposed to the risk of loss in the event that the value of collateral held as security declines below the loan value, and the client is unable to repay the deficit.
_	Rather, it is to be sought because it "is the event that most fully unites us with other humans."
_	In the event that the Mayor cannot preside over a City Council meeting, the Mayor Pro-Tem is the presiding officer of the meeting until such time as the Mayor returns to his/her seat.
_	This is a sample "outbreak journal": the author notes covered-up zombie outbreaks seen on the local news as well as the preparations he recommends in the event that the outbreak worsens.
_	A historic score was also established by Hong Kong athlete Kin Chung Wong, who jumped right after Louganis' injury and was so unnerved by the event that he did a wrong dive that earned him the first zero score ever in the Olympics.
_	Carroll announced after the event that they would part company.
_	Meanwhile, Revel's battleships would be preserved to confront the Austro-Hungarian battle fleet in the event that it sought a decisive engagement.
_	It is often a "last-ditch" attempt to dispossess an opponent due to frequent misses and the difficulty of recovering in the event that the slide tackle fails to take the ball away.
_	After the attack on the Soviet Union by Nazi Germany in Operation Barbarossa in June 1941, Operation Pike was revived as a contingency plan to be invoked in the event that German forces occupied the Caucasian oil fields.
_	Oregon has no lieutenant governor; in the event that the office of governor is vacated, Article V, Section 8a of the Oregon Constitution specifies that the Secretary of State is first in line for succession.
_	Blood stains are an important part of forensic statistics, as the analysis of blood drop collisions may help to picture the event that had previously gone on.
_	The Australian government made an additional $1 billion loan available to Indonesia as a form of 'second line' support, in the event that IMF assistance could not stabilise the rupiah.
_	In the event that the baby did not pass the test, he was placed at the base of Mount Taygetus for several days for a test that ended with death by exposure, or survival.
_	The PP had still hoped that a last-minute failure from the three left-wing parties in reaching an agreement would allow Barberá to be re-elected to the post, as under the Spanish municipal electoral law, the candidate of the most-voted party was to be automatically elected in the event that no other candidate received an absolute majority of votes in the first round.
_	In addition to serving as a rump legislature in the event that all of their colleagues were killed, a surviving Representative and Senator could ascend to the (vacated) offices of Speaker of the House and President Pro Tempore of the Senate, offices that immediately follow the Vice President in the presidential line of succession.
_	It created the backdrop for the event that put Johnstown on the map.
_	While there no longer existed any immediate threat of invasion to Upper Canada, the regiment was employed to improve the defence and utility of the Fort in the event that Upper Canada would again be under threat.
_	A person may purchase a shorter term bond in the event that he needs the capital soon to fund his children's tuition while purchasing other longer term bonds that mature later as retirement spending with a more favorable rate, assuming the economy is experiencing a normal yield curve during this time.
_	In the event that Australia should win the Eurovision Song Contest, the EBU had confirmed that in accordance with the rules, Australia would not host the event in the southern hemisphere, and instead would co-host the contest in Europe.
_	New religious movement scholar Douglas Cowan writes that Scientologists cannot progress along the Bridge to Total Freedom without an E-meter, and that Hubbard even told Scientologists to buy two E-meters, in the event that one of them fails to operate.
_	In the event that the same team won both halves of the season, the team with the second-best winning percentage for the entire season is eligible for the playoffs.
_	It is also not compulsory but teaches the cadet how to do cardiopulmonary resuscitation and use an automated external defibillator in the event that a person in the vicinity is unconscious.
_	S–R compatibility can be seen in the variation in the amount of time taken to respond to a visual stimulus, given the similarity of the event that prompts the action, and the action itself.
_	He carried papers that identified him as a captain in the Signal Corps in the event that he were captured.
_	The Government's lawyers considered that Westpac would have reasonable recourse against the Government, and its Consolidated Revenue Fund, in the event that a default occurred.
_	In the event that staphylococcus or other infection is present, antibiotics have proven effective, but tend to cause more harm than good for this particular disease.
_	Tynwald passed the Currency Act 1992 as part of preparations for the event that the UK decided to adopt the euro.
_	Series would sometimes switch back and forth between network and non-network status, and in limited cases alternate programming was supplied to affiliates in the event that specific episodes of a non-network program (e.g., "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire") were scheduled for a timeslot that had been previously allocated as network time.
_	Sarkozy reportedly demanded that one of his allies, François Baroin, be given a prominent position in the Fillon campaign; the former finance minister was often floated as a potential replacement for Fillon in the event that the latter decided to quit or was forced out.
_	In the event that there was no suitable drop zone nearby, Para-stops were dropped as close as possible to the combat zone and redeployed by the G-cars.
_	In the event that aggregate scores finish level, the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs progresses.
_	The Ivy League was the last NCAA Division I conference to hold a postseason tournament, instead choosing to award its automatic bids to the NCAA men's and women's tournaments to its regular-season champions; in the event that two teams finished tied atop the standings, Ivy League bylaws allowed for a one-game playoff to determine the championship, and in exceptionally rare cases, a three-team single-elimination tournament would be scheduled if three teams tied atop the standings (the Ivy League never had more than three regular season co-champions in one season).
_	In the event that there is not enough open space on an item to ensure a proper IUID, then only the most essential information should be marked.
_	And finally, in the event that there is a lack of room whatsoever in which to place a proper IUID mark on the item, the marking may be placed on the packaging; as long as the mark abides by the guidelines listed in the paragraph above.
_	The language uses the verb "aly-'aa-ma-k" (NEGATIVE-hear-NEGATIVE-REAL) and the event that did not occur as a subordinate clause.
_	The security measures include motion sensors, silent alarms, steel and lead mechanical doors which could lock a person in or out, and a security mode which is specifically designed to stop if not eliminate all Justice League members in the event that any of them go rogue.
_	In the event that fuel cells become price-competitive with internal combustion engines and turbines, large gas-fired power plants could adopt this technology.
_	During the struggle with William Carver, a sniper tried to shoot them at Lonnie Carver's funeral only to end up orchestrating the event that turned Bill Carver into Thunderbolt.
_	Both parties denied the reports, and blamed the İyi Party for incompetence in the event that it was found to be eligible to contest the election.
_	He was however prepared to transfer to the borough seat in the event that the sitting member, Colonel Edward Pryse, decided to retire.
_	In the event that automated systems are not functioning properly, the vehicle driver or conductor is to announce stops over the public address system.
_	However, he notes that the deployed Egyptian troops in the Sinai would move against Israel in the event that Israel undertook an invasion of Syria toward Damascus in response to repeated provocations by Syrian materiel and raids by fedayeen operating in Syrian territory.
_	"The aim of the survey is to initiatiate a broader discussion with the residents and get the truest possible picture of the opinions, demands and views of the citizens of Horní Jiřetín and Černice for dealing with their situation in the event that the current mining limits are repealed," said company spokeswoman Gabriela Sáričková-Benesova.
_	Doctor Mindbender manages to bring some Bio-Vipers along and have a fail-safe installed in the Bio-Vipers that would cause them to explode enough to level a section of the city in the event that Doctor Mindbender's neuro-link helmet is separated from him.
_	The Senate is also responsible for trying the president, the vice president, and judges in the event that they are impeached by the House.
_	In the event that a suitor would visit her, she would hide herself under veils as a quiet dare to test their resolve.
_	The entire public is shocked by the event that takes place, especially Julián Ledezma, and Paola's family.
_	He is always seen wearing a silver mask, but in the event that he is unmasked, he looks identical to Kirby, albeit with a dark blue body and white eyes, which appear yellow with his mask on (and with his mask off in "" and "Kirby Star Allies").
_	A simple Science Council is convened in the event that the Zsiverians need a State presence to transact with other Races, but the members of the Council seem to be interchangeable with any other Zsiv citizen.
_	Group psychology can also influence behavior positively; in the event that one bystander takes responsibility for the situation and takes specific action, other bystanders are more likely to follow course.
_	Intervention by the Governor-General was the only clear remedy in the event that supply could not be legislated and the prime minister declined to advise an election.
_	A second 201 class locomotive is due to be converted for use with the Grand Hibernian in the event that 216 fails or is unavailable.
_	In the event that a volunteer is suspected of misconduct, Scouts Canada policy requires that they are immediately suspended and the relevant authorities are notified with all information shared as part of an investigation into the volunteer's actions.
_	In addition, Chevron maintains the right to seize all of Cobasys' intellectual property rights in the event that ECD Ovonics does not fulfill its contractual obligations.
_	In the event that a player loses a stage, this enables the player to restart the level at the starting point, or, if one has been passed, close to the last checkpoint.
_	Such distinctions have reinforced the status of the event that is now considered to be a reference point and a successful case study in the fields of sports and tourism.
_	In the event that a hostile settlement or an opposing army was encountered, a battle was then fought.
_	Although plausible deniability has existed throughout history, that name for it was coined by the CIA in the early 1960s to describe the withholding of information from senior officials in order to protect them from repercussions in the event that illegal or unpopular activities by the CIA became public knowledge.
_	The ENFORCE the Law Act of 2014 () is a bill that would give the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate both the standing to sue the President of the United States in a federal district court to clarify a federal law (that is, seek a declaratory judgment) in the event that the executive branch is not enforcing the law.
_	Operationally, the capability to hold up to six Phoenix missiles was never used, although early testing was conducted; there was never a threat requirement to engage six hostile targets simultaneously and the load was too heavy to safely recover aboard an aircraft carrier in the event that the missiles were not fired.
_	Some local newspapers had warned before the event that the roads were in such a poor condition as to be unsuitable, but the organisers argued that these conditions bestowed prestige on the race, citing military cyclists who used the same roads under machine-gun fire.
_	The fort had a counterscarp to the east side exclusively, to create a defensive moat in the event that a land invasion came from the west.
_	In the event that a claim was successful, the committee and even the members themselves would have had to fund any financial shortfall.
_	Other laws attempting to address the problem include the "Dowry and Bridal Gifts Restrictions Rules, 1976" and the "Dowry Prohibition (Maintenance of Lists of Presents to the Bride and Bridegroom) Rules, 1985", which are intended to document gifts and provide complainants with stronger evidence in the event that prosecution for crimes against the bride occurs later.
_	T. R. Fehrenbach, a military historian, wrote in his analysis of the event that North Korean troops committing these events were likely accustomed to torture and execution of prisoners due to decades of rule by oppressive armies of the Empire of Japan up until World War II.
_	It was only after the event that the hydrophones were used, with the purpose being to detect any sound that might indicate the enemy had survived.
_	Capcom released new downloadable content during the Evo Grand Finals, including a new stage that includes banners that change depending on the event that is taking place at the time.
_	In the event that additional investment funds are required in order to prepare a foreclosed-upon property for sale, investors must come up with these additional funds.
_	As per a May 1951 electoral law, each candidate had to give the names of another who would occupy the second seat in the event that the other party's first candidate came in third or below.
_	In the event that the French and British armies were separated and they could no longer defend both access to the ports of the English Channel and Paris, the British army would have then withdrawn and stood on the Somme.
_	Another drawback of having more stages in a pipeline is an increase in the number of stages that need to be traced back in the event that the branch predictor makes a mistake, increasing the penalty paid for a mis-prediction.
_	This allows for unique identification in the event that two trains on the same route are operating simultaneously.
_	Alternatively, another contract clause limited the government's liability to costs paid in the event that the government unilaterally terminated the contract.
_	He included that in the event that the station does not go through, the 200 million pesos paid by SM Prime Holdings, Inc., the operator of SM City North EDSA and other SM Malls, to the Light Rail Transit Authority for naming rights may have to be returned.
_	In the event that the opposing force would take refuge in a fortress, mountain, or city, the Inca forces would cut communication and supply lines in order to isolate the enemy and prevent retreat or requests for reinforcements.
_	More than 1,500 people came to the event that night.
_	Their plan was to create a microfilm collection of monastic manuscripts in Minnesota for safekeeping in the event that there would be another European war.
_	Two of the three surviving commentaries on the Spring and Autumn Annals, the Zuo Zhuan and the Guliang Zhuan describe the event that led to
_	It was also reported that a Special Air Service (SAS) team had been placed on standby in Iraq in the event that a rescue mission might become possible.
_	In the event that provincial and territorial authorities, the first responders to major natural disasters, are unable to deal with the resulting damage on their own, they may ask the CAF for help.
_	This leads to many memory errors for these individuals who are led to believe by their imagination of the event that it is real, has occurred and thus is stored in their memory for that reason.
_	In the event that a scratch occurs on the same shot that an opponent's ball is pocketed, the affected opponent is permitted to select a ball belonging to the offender which is to be removed instead of the player that scratched choosing the ball to be pocketed.
_	The project answered questions about the effect of the diffusion of propellants in the event that a rocket was destroyed at high altitude.
_	In the event that less that twenty-five minutes elapse, half points are awarded.
_	Remington 870 12 gauge shotguns are available in the event that additional firepower is needed.
_	In the event that the examination should disclose that the title was not good and marketable, the Liberty Oil was to notify the vendors, and they were to have 30 days in which to perfect the title, and, should they neglect in that time to do so, the $100,000 on deposit was to be returned to the Liberty Oil.
_	Kingston celebrates and re-enacts the 1777 burning of the city by the British every other year (2019 is the next "burning" of Kingston), in a citywide theatrical staging of the event that begins at the Rondout.
_	In the first purpose, by extending the loan through securing the debt, the creditor is relieved of most of the financial risks involved because it allows the creditor to take ownership of the property in the event that the debt is not properly repaid.
_	In the event that the committees disagreed, the chairs, initially Michael Marcotty of General Motors and C.A.R.
_	After the June 2015 general election resulted in a hung parliament, unsuccessful coalition negotiations raised speculation over whether President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan would call an early election in the event that AKP leader Ahmet Davutoğlu was unable to form a government within the given constitutional time of 45 days.
_	GOES-11 and -12 were launched carrying enough fuel for ten years of operation, in the event that they survived beyond their expected lifespan.
_	KXII clears the entire CBS network schedule; however, the station carries the "CBS Dream Team" block on Saturday mornings one hour earlier than most CBS affiliates, via the "live" network feed, as the station does not air a local morning newscast on weekends (allowing KXII to carry the full CBS Saturday morning schedule without deferring some programs within the "Dream Team" block to open time periods to fulfill educational programming obligations in the event that CBS airs a late-morning college football or basketball game during the fall and winter months).
_	Electrocution is also authorized in the event that lethal injection is found unconstitutional by a court.
_	The presidential elections were held under a provision of the constitution that required a fresh election in the event that the incumbent resigned less than two years into his term.
_	In the event that the police department, fire department or an ambulance are needed, 992, 993 and 994, respectively, are to be telephoned.
_	In the event that a team qualifies without such a licence, lower-placed teams may take their place.
_	He also mentioned that the replacement umpires had done quite well during the strike and would be needed again in the event that an AMLU umpire became injured or sick.
_	The first edition was run in 2005 when Doris Changeywo won the event that was then a 10 km event, the following year the 5 km distance became standardized.
_	The constitution gave the president veto power over any legislation approved by parliament, virtually ensuring that the 6:5 ratio would not be revised in the event that the population distribution changed.
_	Romanies often adopt the dominant religion of their host country in the event that a ceremony associated with a formal religious institution is necessary, such as a baptism or funeral (their particular belief systems and indigenous religion and worship remain preserved regardless of such adoption processes).
_	Dominique Booker won the 55 meter dash at the 2009 Meet of Champions with a time of 6.92 seconds, setting a meet record that was also the fastest time in the nation for the event that year.
_	In the event that the two division champions are tied, then the head-to-head record shall be used as the tiebreaker.
_	He would commit suicide after mailing the bomb, hoping that, in the event that the bomb killed Björk, the two would be united in heaven.
_	Since one of these outcomes must occur, either the event that the coin lands heads or the event that the coin lands tails must have non-zero probability.
_	He was so traumatized by the event that he returned to New York and took a year off from acting.
_	In the event that tooth decay does occur (usually from trauma), dogs can receive dental fillings just as humans do.
_	According to Polhem's autobiography, the event that marked the beginning of his career was the successful repair of the unfinished medieval (16th century) astronomical clock by Petrus Astronomus at Uppsala Cathedral, which had remained unfinished and broken for more than a century.
_	It was announced on the event that no flex boards or plastic would be used to market "Varsham".
_	In the event that a perceived threat is removed from a site the site's rating will return to Green as the data ages.
_	While the first Nova Scotia Tattoo actually took place in 1979, the event that had the greatest impact on the Nova Scotia Tattoo was the "Canadian Armed Forces Tattoo".
_	In the event that a player does not turn up for a match, their opponent will receive a walk-over and full points.
_	In the event that hypothyroidism is caused by Hashimoto's thyroiditis, it may be recommended that the TSH levels be kept under 3.0 mIU/L.
_	In addition to the five regular numbers plus the property, each ticket contained a 12-digit "Millionaires' Club Number"; in the event that the jackpot was won, additional $1 million raffle-style prizes were drawn from the Millionaires' Club numbers.
_	In the event that the stadium is unavailable the national team will usually play at a club ground.
_	After the June 2015 general election resulted in a hung parliament, unsuccessful coalition negotiations raised speculation over whether President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan would call an early election in the event that AKP leader Ahmet Davutoğlu was unable to form a government within the given constitutional time of 45 days.
_	In 2007 he chaired the event that introduced the Yogyakarta Principles to the UN in New York.
_	World War II, with its unprecedented push for industrial production of every kind, is probably the event that first put most laypersons in contact with the internal-wrenching hexagon drive.
_	The majority found three justifications for detaining occupants while executing a search warrant: (1) the legitimate law enforcement interest in preventing flight in the event that incriminating evidence is found, (2) the interest in minimizing the risk of harm to the officers, and (3) the orderly completion of the search, which may be facilitated if the occupants of the premises are present.
_	In the event that a Panel decision is appealed, the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit has jurisdiction; in the event of further appeal, a writ of certiorari may be filed with the U.S. Supreme Court.
_	He invited his wife to come with him, and at the last minute suggested she bring her jewels "in the event that we go dancing."
_	“In the event that the fear of exposure cannot be overcome by other means, it might be profitable if we explored a system of incident reporting which would assure a substantial flow of vital information to the computer for processing, and at the same time, would provide some method designed to effectively eliminate the personal aspect of the individual occurrences so that the information derived would be helpful to all and harmful to none.
_	But, the event that the media mostly focused on was Clarkson's 2003, 19-day circumpolar "northern identity" tour, which included state visits to Russia, Finland, and Iceland, and the attendance of 50 other Canadians prominent in the fields of arts, culture, and science.
_	In the event that the affordable payment is still beyond the borrower’s means, the borrower’s situation will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis using a cash flow budget.
_	When Izzy tries to leave for the event that day, however, his dad intercepts him, showing that he had bought tickets for the two of them to watch a boxing match.
_	The contest was subsequently revised to offer an alternate prize "in the event that "Being Erica" is not renewed for the fall 2012 season".
_	However, under article 27 (4), the Constitution, the grounds prohibited for non-discrimination are not limited and therefore this allows room for individuals to claim the violation of their rights on the grounds of their sexual orientation, in the event that they are discriminated against either directly or indirectly by the State or other individuals.
_	In the event that both teams have identical records in the regular season, home field advantage goes to the team that has the winning head-to-head record.
_	This can include actions such as removing obstacles to the partner's goal pursuit (for example, taking over some household chores to free up time for the partner to engage in a new activity), being sensitive and responsive to the partner's communications of distress, and communicating readiness to help in the event that support becomes needed.
_	In the spring of 1953, around the time of Stalin's death, Sudoplatov was appointed to head the yet-again renamed MVD's Bureau of Special Tasks, which was responsible for sabotage operations abroad, and ran networks of "illegals" who were given the task of preparing attacks on military establishments in NATO countries, in the event that NATO attacked the Soviet Union.
_	The crater itself is referred to as The Pitt, as is the event that created it.
_	As part of his tour, 19 July 2014, "Il Divo" hung the sign sold out in the iconic Edinburgh Castle, in the event that moved the audience after playing the hymn ""Amazing Grace"".
_	Meanwhile, Revel's battleships would be preserved to confront the Austro-Hungarian battle fleet in the event that it sought a decisive engagement.
_	In the event that the heartbeat is lost, the secondary device assumes the shared VIP and begins servicing requests.
_	At the event that was visited by thousands
_	"Mrs Anan told the event that she finds it shocking that, in Northern Ireland, convicted terrorists are elected to government."
_	During the Station Fire in 2009, NBC owned-and-operated station KNBC in Los Angeles temporarily replaced programming from NBC Plus and Universal Sports on its subchannels with standard-definition feeds of its two Spanish language sister stations – independent station KWHY-TV (now a MundoFox affiliate, since sold to the Mueriello Group) and Telemundo owned-and-operated station KVEA – as an emergency measure in the event that the transmitters of those stations were destroyed or disabled as the fire reached Mount Wilson, where the transmitter facilities of most Los Angeles area stations are based.
_	He was one of the consultants for Operation Tracer; in the event that Gibraltar was taken by the Axis powers, a small party was to be sealed into a secret chamber in the Rock of Gibraltar to report enemy movements.
_	CEC has a patent pending for their Captured Air Support system, which creates a sealed chamber to prevent the rapid collapse of ceiling and walls of their inflatable structures in the event that electric power to the blowers fails.
_	Black has one further point deducted in the event that White was the first player to pass in the game.
_	At the 1968 Summer Olympics, Schollander won another gold medal in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay, but finishing second in the 200-meter freestyle, the event that Schollander had considered to be his best.
_	In 1875, she was reactivated for another deployment to the West Indies, during which she observed conflicts in Central America in the event that violence spread to Germans in the region.
_	In the event that either of these lines are constructed, the trolley cars would be moved to the Main Street/Riverfront lines and be replaced with modern light rail vehicles.
_	BUIC sites were alternate control sites in the event that SAGE Direction Centers became disabled and unable to control interceptor aircraft.
_	In the event that the fixture's clamp(s) were to fail, the cable would arrest the fall of the fixture before it could come in contact with a person.
_	In the event that Progress M1-5 had been unable to dock, Progress M-43 would have returned to the station and provide supplies of food and oxygen for the Soyuz crew.
_	The 1500 m was the event that first saw the disqualification of a World Championships medallist on the grounds of doping.
_	It was strongly hinted leading up the event that Ventura, who provided commentary for many WWF events and was a strong critic of Hulk Hogan but yet was a supporter of Randy Savage even (if only to a somewhat lesser extent) during his face days, had been paid an undisclosed amount by DiBiase.
_	In the event that a kin relationship cannot be conjured from the meeting, the respective parties will invoke one of many other relationships that associate them in some way for instances they may be mutual namesakes (Yaca) or their respective regional ancestral spirits (Vu) May have been friends so by syllogism they are Tauvu and address each other as Tau.
_	For example, the event that the sequence converges, and the event that its sum converges are both tail events.
_	The film shows photographs from the event that briefly document the aftermath of the rescue.
_	In Hong Kong, the "CBS Evening News" was broadcast live during the early morning hours on ATV; networks in that country maintains agreement to rebroadcast portions of the program 12 hours after the initial broadcast to provide additional content in the event that their affiliates have insufficient news content to fill time during their local news programs.
_	Firth received media coverage for her opposition to the CBD metro, in the event that it would mean a bus interchange at Rozelle (due to the urban density of the area).
_	In the event that a parent vetoes the transfer, the case will remain in state court.
_	Newton revealed that Ritchie stated that he hopes to extend "RocknRolla" into a trilogy, in the event that the film receives enough positive attention.
_	In the event that AC power is lost for normal cooling systems, the pool water begins to absorb heat and boil.
_	It also called for an independent investigation into the event that led to the violence.
_	Norwich were relegated at the end of the season and a clause in Svensson's contract allowed him to move to a top flight club in another country in the event that such a club showed interest to him.
_	The court had powers of supervision regarding the finances and upbringing of the heirs to estates, in the event that an estate owner died or was incapacitated.
_	It turns out that the New Avengers were contacted by Rick through a pre-recorded video that was to be sent to them in the event that the alien nanobots he ingested noticed him being unconscious.
_	A noble had the advantageous privilege of the freedom not to serve in the military, and in the event that he did choose to serve, he was given special treatment when being considered for higher positions.
_	Upon moving into the ghetto the underground group headed by Dvoretsky had the following aims: first, to prepare an armed revolt in the event that the ghetto was going to be liquidated; second, to collect money to buy weapons and bring them into the ghetto; and third, to convince the non-Jewish population not to cooperate with the Germans.
_	In the event that the application for the patent is still not approved by the Supreme Court, then the application has been completely refused and has no chance of appeal.
_	In the event that the petition did not divert the London Borough of Haringey from the commercial disposal the Appreciation Society, they expected to participate in a commercial bid using the vehicle of the Hornsey Town Hall Community Interest Company as an umbrella for an alliance of local community groups.
_	In 1970 Garippo issued a ruling which required journalists comply with a court subpoena under the event that they possessed evidence which would aid a potential conviction which was ground breaking for the time.
_	In June 1757, the Nawab was defeated at Plassey by the forces of Robert Clive, the event that marks the beginning of colonial rule in Bengal.
_	Now 53 carried live telecasts of KWTV – and later KOTV's newscasts – in the event that either station was unable to air its regularly scheduled evening newscasts due to CBS sports telecasts that run into that timeslot.
_	Travelling to Smyrna and Constantinople in 1843, Stephen Massett was told by a man who witnessed the event that "just a few years ago", a dozen or so robbers were impaled at Adrianople.
_	A deadlock-breaking mechanism known as a double dissolution can be used to dissolve the full Senate as well as the House in the event that the Upper House twice refuses to pass a piece of legislation passed by the Lower House.
_	When Sears was a junior faculty member at Caltech, he was asked to direct the Civilian Pilot Training Program, a federal program that offered young people the possibility of earning a private pilot's license and receiving preparation for possible military flying in the event that the United States entered the war.
_	Apparently, Dead Hand, named for either the dead man's hand in poker, or the dead man's switch in dangerous or deadly machinery, can be turned on in the event that the Russian leadership fears a nuclear attack.
_	Every generation in Europe up to the outbreak of the First World War looked back at Waterloo as the turning point that dictated the course of subsequent world history, seeing it in retrospect as the event that ushered in the Concert of Europe, an era characterised by relative peace, material prosperity and technological progress.
_	Scientists agree that the event that separated myoglobin from hemoglobin occurred after lampreys diverged from jawed vertebrates.
_	As the duopoly partner of KTBS, the station may also simulcast long-form severe weather coverage from the ABC affiliate in the event that a tornado warning is issued for any county in its Ark-La-Tex viewing area.
_	Thanos before he can do so but discovers that Thanos had placed a failsafe device to allow Silver Surfer to free Galactus in the event that Annihilus betrayed him.
_	In the event that the Court rejected the argument that Pedra Branca was "terra nullius" in 1847, Singapore contended that the selection of Pedra Branca as the site for Horsburgh Lighthouse and the construction of the lighthouse between 1847 and 1851 constituted a taking of possession of the island "à titre de souverain" (with the title of a sovereign).
_	Proctor won the event that weekend.
_	A polar city is a proposed sustainable polar retreat designed to house human beings in the future, in the event that global warming causes the equatorial and middle latitudes of the Earth to become uninhabitable for a long period of time.
_	Sometimes leniency was allowed in the event that Mike was in the middle of giving instructions, since the clock didn't stop ticking.
_	In the event that the 28s have recruited a new member, the 28s will inform the 27s who then will inform the 26s.
_	These approaches were reputedly to seek German assistance in the event that Britain invaded neutral Ireland.
_	All Atlas-Agena vehicles contained an Inadvertent Separation Destruct System to destroy the Agena in the event that it separated prematurely from the Atlas, a situation that could be caused by a booster hard-over or if the Atlas self-destructed in flight.
_	For example, it is company policy at most Fortune 500 corporations that the CEO and other high ranking corporate officers use only laptops that are Instant-off enabled in order to protect commercially sensitive information in the event that someone attempts to observe the screen over the shoulder of the officer.
_	It remained on front-line duty after the armistice until October 1957, patrolling the 38th parallel in the event that combat would resume.
_	They decided to write the episode in a way in which fans would see some kind of resolution of storylines in the event that the series was cancelled.
_	That year, the Henley regatta was regarded as the event that came closest to a world championship.
_	Alice sees her about to run into a clock, the event that deforms her head and personality.
_	For example, the event that a random integer between one and a million be divisible by two and the event that it be divisible by three are almost independent, but not quite.
_	(Some sources indicate the date range August 1–5, to include the event that triggered the violence and the date of the final restoration of the peace.)
_	In 1905, he was a witness to the Warsaw Uprising, and made some sketches of the event that were widely circulated.
_	In 1982, Penn State Heisman Trophy winner John Cappelletti spoke to the dancers about losing his brother, Joey, to leukemia ten years earlier, and the event that year raised more than $95,000, and the following year, the sum of $131,000 was raised.
_	His love scene with Davis has been cited as the event that defined Pitt as a sex symbol.
_	This could be done in the event that an engine was temporarily inoperable.
_	Florida's intestacy statute permits the heirs of a deceased spouse of the decedent to inherit, in the event that the decedent has no other heirs.
_	The LED is also useful for night time flying and locating the unit in the event that it is misplaced.
_	This was the event that made him a household name throughout his country, and brought him to the attention of many abroad as well.
_	Thatcher was so traumatised by the event that he completely refused to talk about his first marriage or the separation, even to his daughter, as she states in her 1995 biography of him.
_	There was also a TF-104G Starfighter chase plane with a set of backup controls which could take control of the HiMAT in the event that the remote pilot on the ground lost control.
_	Conference USA men's basketball games from the American Sports Network in the event that WUXP is scheduled to air either Raycom Sports' ACC Network or any special local sports programming at any time as any given situation may warrant.
_	After this initial round of the Stoen custody dispute, Jones directed Temple members to write over a dozen foreign governments inquiring about their immigration policies, in the event that they had to flee Guyana.
_	By contrast, the event of getting a 6 the first time a dice is rolled and the event that the sum of the numbers seen on the first and second trial is 8 are "not" independent.
_	In contrast, the fledgling Internet Party was to benefit from the possibility of seats in parliament in the event that the combined structure were to achieve a greater percentage of the country's vote, helped along by the Mana Party's existing seat.
_	In the event that these rights are violated and a remedy is denied by other courts, the constitution provides for an appeal to the Federal Constitutional Court ("Bundesverfassungsgericht") (Art. 93 (1) (4a) GG).
_	In the event that a vulnerable process uses the codice_1 bit to run as codice_20, the code will execute with root privileges, in effect giving the attacker root access to the system on which the vulnerable process is running.
_	In the event that the namiestnik were unable to exercise his office due to resignation or death, this function would be temporarily carried out by the president of the Council of State.
_	In addition, Chevron maintains the right to seize all of Cobasys' intellectual property rights in the event that ECD Ovonics does not fulfill its contractual obligations.
_	The ASD (HD&ASA) now provides a single point of contact at DoD for FEMA, state and local disaster management agencies, and executive policymakers in the event that these resources need to be enhanced or mobilized.
_	Therefore, in some cases—such as those involving a serious pre-existing schizophrenia or brain damage—it is possible that the event that had occurred did not actually exacerbate what had existed prior to the event at issue, or make things any worse.
_	In the event that the debtor uses the money for any other purpose, it is held on trust for the creditor.
_	In the event that he did declare his candidacy, the congress would be the first ever to hold a leadership election with more than one candidate.
_	On October 2010, Hezbollah conducted a drill simulating a takeover of Lebanon – an operation which it threatened was to be carried out in the event that the international tribunal for the assassination of Hariri indicts Hezbollah.
_	The purpose of these routes is to offer an alternative in the event that the parent route is impassable, due to either a traffic jams, traffic collision, or road closure (for a variety of reasons).
_	Emergency U.S. Route 31, which offers an alternative crossing of the Grand River in the event that the bascule bridge in Grand Haven, Michigan is unavailable for motorists, is one such route.
_	Rather bizarrely the event that acted as a catalyst for improvement was a fire which decimated the clubhouse in May of that year.
_	If it did, the IAF will need to consider other options for that time period, such as additional F-15s to fill the gap that would be created in the event that the JSF program is further delayed.
_	In the Second World War a special unit, known as the Coats Mission, was entrusted with facilitating the Sovereign's evacuation in the event that this were necessary.
_	This makes it an especially useful weapon for dispatching larger groups of enemies in the event that the player comes across one of the many explosive barrels placed throughout maps in the campaign mode of the game.
_	His plans to ally the House of Medici with the French royal family bore fruit in the betrothal of the Pope's niece, Catherine de' Medici, to Henri, the son of King Francis I. Before setting out, the Pope issued a Bull on 3 September, giving instructions as to what was to be done in the event that he died outside Rome.
_	They revealed to "Entertainment Tonight" on the red carpet for the event that the performance was "a little bit of a preview" for a crossover song they were releasing with Audien later that summer ("Something Better").
_	Emergency US 31, which offers an alternative crossing of the Grand River in the event that the bascule bridge in Grand Haven, Michigan is unavailable for motorists, is one such route.
_	Additionally, all manner of companies began reviewing their existing contracts with Enron, especially in the long term, in the event that Enron's rating were lowered below investment grade, a possible hindrance for future transactions.
_	About 20,000 people attended the event that year, with rain keeping the numbers low.
_	In the event that a worker is required to enter the silo, the unit should be ventilated (with a silage blower or ventilation fans) for a minimum of 30 minutes prior to entry, with ventilation fans running for the duration that the worker is in the bin.
_	Schmidt-Kaler proclaimed during the event that he was responsible for the public relations of the SDV.
_	Advertisers may use a well-known nickname for the event that is not a trademark, such as "the big game".
_	Suspecting that Krukowiecki's forces were vastly outnumbered, Polish military authorities ordered their forces to hold their positions, and to only retaliate in the event that the Russians attempted to press on towards Warsaw.
_	The compact also sets a minimum quality standard, as in the event that Colorado was to construct water projects later for the purpose of delivering water into the Rio Grande from the Closed Basin, the state would not be credited with the water delivered unless the sodium ions in the water do not exceed 45% of the total positive ions when the total dissolved solids in the water exceeds 350ppm.
_	Then, on 17 Dec 1993, the event that Whiteman had long-awaited finally arrived.
_	In the event that both slots at the front of the bus are full, bicycles are allowed to be put inside buses after rush hour periods only.
_	In the event that he is unable to make the delivery, Irma will.
_	In the event that a phone is deactivated, out of range, or otherwise removed from the network, there is often no way to clear this indicator until another message is recorded to the system, causing the MWI message to be sent again once the phone reconnects.
_	Immediately upon touchdown, the pilot advances the throttles to full power so that a touch and go (known as a "bolter") can be executed in the event that all trap wires have been missed.
_	Krueger was also an inspiration and focal point for an ambitious group of young comic book fans who planned and hosted the event that became San Diego Comic-Con International, serving as Chairman of the group’s first multi-day event, the San Diego Golden State Comic-Con held August 1–3, 1970.
_	However, the question was all important because, in the event that Emperor Pedro II died before producing descendants, the Crown of the independent Empire of Brazil could end up coming to the Queen of Portugal, thus recreating a personal union between the two monarchies.
_	A successful mount will keep objects from moving in the event that an object's exhibit case is bumped or otherwise disturbed in addition to allowing visitors to view and interpret an object in new and unobtrusive ways.
_	The respective ministers of the below ministries assume the President's position in the below order, in the event that the President cannot perform his/her duty and the Prime Minister cannot assume the President's position.
_	Moreover, in the event that the Prime Minister cannot perform his/her duty the Vice Prime Minister will assume the Prime Minister's position, and if both the Prime Minister and the Vice Prime Minister cannot perform the Prime Minister's role the President can either pick one of the 17 ministers to assume the Prime Minister's position or let the 17 ministers assume the position according to the below order.
_	It is also possible to have N+1 redundancy with active-active components, in such cases the backup component will remain active in the operation even if all other components are fully functional, however the system will be able to perform in the event that one component is faulted and recover from a single component failure.
_	In the event that the aggregate score is tied after the second game of the series, the teams played two 15-minutes periods of extra time.
_	It provides command and control of U.S. nuclear forces in the event that ground-based command centers have been destroyed or otherwise rendered inoperable.
_	It is later revealed to Claudia that her purpose is to be a backup "caretaker" for Warehouse 13 in the event that Mrs. Frederic is killed.
_	In the event that all ten pins are knocked over by a player in a single frame, bonuses are awarded.
_	Backup interfaces can also be defined in the event that all of the numbers on a dialer map for that interface were unreachable.
_	A warning bell, consisting of "an oxygen tank and a steel rod to hit it with" is being used to alert residents of the barangay of Buhisan to evacuate in the event that rising water levels near the top of the dam.
_	It has a nominal capacity of 14,950 seats installed in order to meet the requirements of the Mexican Football Federation; in the event that Alebrijes are promoted to the Liga MX, the stadium is capable of expansion to 25,000.
_	More combinations would be partially unused in the event that a small market has competitive providers.
_	In the event that 47 adopted the clothes of someone he has slain, his disguise will be compromised as soon as the body is discovered.
_	He remained registered as a player for the 2014–15 season in the event that his services as a player would be required due to an injury crisis.
_	In the event that an entry rescue must be performed, rescue personnel will wear protective clothing appropriate for the situation.
_	In the event that the loved one was cruel or uninterested, this desire was shown to drive the lover into a state of depression, causing lamentation and illness.
_	Zmicier Sasnoŭski also told about the event that happened while performing in a Lutheran church in Maryland when a local pastor himself asked them to play "Highway to Hell", that would be completely impossible in Belarus.
_	The election Decree was required to be issued no later than the twenty-fifth day prior to the date of expiry of the Cortes in the event that the Prime Minister did not make use of his prerogative of early dissolution.
_	A tornado drill is a procedure of practicing to take cover in a specified location in the event that a tornado strikes an area.
_	STS-326 was the designation given to the Contingency Shuttle Crew Support mission which would have been launched in the event that "Discovery" became disabled during STS-124.
_	Whether the delay is sufficient to frustrate the contract depends on the time when the event that gave rise to the delay occurred; see "Bank Line Ltd v Arthur Capel and Co" [1919] AC 435.
_	In "Guadalcanal", whose combat mechanics are different, damaged ships follow the same principle: battleships (along with destroyers, cruisers, and carriers) are damaged on a roll of 2 and destroyed on a roll of 1; in the event that a ship is damaged and not destroyed as a result of combat, it immediately returns to the player's home base, where it cannot move until it is repaired.
_	In late 2013 Jackson told to CBC Radio once again mentioned that Aniston had said to him and the other workers from the event that they would be given their money later on and that they would be compensated for their troubles.
_	Incidentally, the year prior in 1981, the Field brothers sought a prospective buyer for WFLD in the event that the company would be put up for sale.
_	Track calls are also sometimes used in the event that a car flies off the table and cannot be located by a marshal.
_	The Wilburn Boat Company brought suit in state court admitting to breaching the terms of the contract, but alleging that Texas law governed the terms of the marine insurance contract and as such Fireman’s Fund is still liable (Texas state statute provides that only in the event that the breach is the cause for the subsequent loss may the insured be barred from recovery).
_	This unusual stop bit time is actually a rest period to allow the mechanical printing mechanism to synchronize in the event that a garbled signal is received.
_	Unlike Fox-owned KDFW in Dallas–Fort Worth (which served as the market's previous Fox station from 1998 to 2006), Cowboys game telecasts on KXII and KXII-DT3 were not subject to blackouts under league rules in effect until the NFL eliminated its in-market blackout restrictions in 2014, which prohibited television stations within a team's designated market area from airing games involving a local NFL franchise in the event that any available tickets remained unsold (most of the Sherman–Ada market, with the exception of southwestern Grayson County, Texas, is located outside of the NFL's designated blackout radius for the Cowboys' market area).
_	For the 2013 instalment of the event that was held annually for a period after its inception, U.S. photographer James Nachtwey showed his "Testimony" collection at an outdoor exhibition at Circular Quay, which includes images from El Salvador, Nicaragua, Guatemala, Lebanon and Afghanistan.
_	To avoid further financial panics, Buchanan encouraged the United States Congress to pass a law to provide immediate forfeit of a bank's charter in the event that the bank suspended specie payments.
_	In the event that a bout goes the distance, it will go to the judges decision.
_	(The preparatory production development at Carl Gustafs stads Gevärsfaktori found a place in history by being the event that caused Carl Edvard Johansson to invent gauge blocks.)
_	The former Carolina Trailways Bus Terminal, located at 1114 Roanoke Avenue, was the site of the event that lead to the United States Supreme Court case of Keys v. Carolina Coach Co..
_	As the duopoly partner of KTAL, the station may also simulcast long-form severe weather coverage from the NBC affiliate in the event that a tornado warning is issued for any county in its Ark-La-Tex viewing area.
_	To make matters worse, Waldo convinces Spanky to bet the money he had made from the match to him in the event that Alfalfa loses.
_	"Circle" was intended to serve as a "final episode" in the event that the show was not renewed.
_	In the event that neither Burnhope nor Tunstall can satisfy regulatory discharges to meet the minimum maintained flow on the Wear, water can be transferred into the Wear via the Kielder Transfer Scheme, which can also be used to supplement or replace water from Derwent reservoir or to replenish Waskerley reservoir.
_	In addition to the safety precautions at the disposal locations, a significant amount of attention has been directed toward disaster preparedness in the event that the precautions should somehow fail.
_	When extending credit to East European countries, Western creditors did so assuming that the Soviet Union would offer financial assistance in the event that payment difficulties arose.
_	In the event that two or more teams are tied on points after six matches the team with the most number of wins was to be ranked higher.
_	Von Sickingen and Silvester of Schauenburg wanted to place Luther under their protection by inviting him to their fortresses in the event that it would not be safe for him to remain in Saxony because of the threatened papal ban.
_	In the event that an accusation of serious sin is made concerning a baptized member, if there is sufficient evidence, a tribunal or judicial committee is formed to determine guilt, administer help and possibly apply sanctions.
_	Islam, in Asfendiarov’s mind, was nothing but the event that triggered off the social expansion of the Arab tribes, uniting the tribes to break the isolation of Arabia.
_	O’Connor had announced prior to the event that it would be Custom Made’s final competition and the horse went out and delivered yet another championship performance.
_	In the event that the offender fails to comply during the year following the reception of the certified letter, and upon accusation of repeated offenses by the copyright holder, a representative, the ISP or HADOPI, the third step of the procedure is invoked.
_	In the event that two teams are tied for the second place, the following criteria determines which team qualifies for the finals:
_	During the first Gulf War, American servicemen and women who were Jewish were allowed into the kingdom, but religious services had to be held discreetly on base and alternative "Protestant B" dog tags were created, in the event that a Jewish serviceman or woman was taken prisoner in Iraq.
_	There is also a contractual duty of candour imposed on all NHS and non-NHS providers of services to NHS patients in the UK to 'provide to the service user and any other relevant person all necessary support and all relevant information' in the event that a 'reportable patient safety incident' occurs.
_	In the event that either host was unavailable, Nate takes on the role of co-host for the entire podcast in place of the segment.
_	He later wrote an account of the event that was published by his son John in the "Saturday Evening Post" in 1906.
_	Sakaguchi intended to perfect the "sense of dancing you get from exploring Toriyama's worlds" in the event that they would make a sequel.
_	After the congressional hearings in 1988, many institutions decided to adopt formal policies about what to do in the event that the FBI contacted the library.
_	On the other hand, they might learn skills that may be helpful in the event that they’re actually stranded in the wild one day."
_	This results in either a dry fire in the event that the ball fell out of the barrel, or a lower velocity shot.
_	As the duopoly partner of KFDX-TV, the station may also simulcast long-form severe weather coverage in the event that a tornado warning is issued for any county in its viewing area of southwestern Oklahoma and western north Texas.
_	This rift is actually the event that Starhawk (in "Guardians of the Galaxy") was trying to prevent.
_	The name Kelvin comes from the USS "Kelvin", a starship involved in the event that creates the new reality in "Star Trek" (2009).
_	Steven Jurek of "The Daily Dot" said shortly before the event that "a strong performance this weekend could be the difference between being a part of the Capcom Cup field and being a part of the Capcom Cup audience."
_	The game is set in and near the ruins of Tokyo, Japan, where the event that nearly wiped out humanity may have originated.
_	It is now usual practice for liquidators to enter into conditional fee arrangements with lawyers and have insurance against adverse costs in place in the event that he is unsuccessful (although the Ministry of Justice has announced that an exemption allowing these arrangements will end in April 2016).
_	After "Idol"'s debut season, the top four finalists (Kelly Clarkson, Justin Guarini, Nikki McKibbin, Tamyra Gray) each recorded a version of the song in the event that they won; but only the winner (Clarkson) released it as a single.
_	It also provides a backup in the event that the service-provider suffers a catastrophic failure.
_	Initially, channel 6 was reserved, in the event that a 2017 auction of local TV stations produced a national network (which was not the case).
_	So remarkable was the event that tourists paid for the privilege of watching the funeral procession from a hotel in downtown Rio de Janeiro.
_	Irish immigrants arrived in Lawrence at its birth, which nearly coincided with the Great Potato Famine of the 1840s, the event that drove great numbers of Irish out of Ireland.
_	The first major controversy and also the event that catapulted Barker into the public eye centred on the 1990 Standard Bank National Drawing Competition in which he had entered a highly unresolved and hurried work under the African name of Andrew Moletsi.
_	Each of these components included redundant units in the event that one may fail.
_	In the event that two species names have identical designations, they are discriminated from one another by adding one or more letters (as necessary) to each species designation.
_	The police dilemma was further compounded by the limitations of the Public Order Act 1936, which granted no powers of arrest in the event that a ban was ignored.
_	In mergers and acquisitions termination fees are often levied in the event that one party fails to consummate a merger—for instance, because it was unsuccessful in getting shareholder approval or because it agreed to a competing offer.
_	The is one of the shinnōke, branches of the Imperial Family of Japan which were, until 1947, eligible to succeed to the Chrysanthemum Throne in the event that the main line should die out.
_	His participation at a folkloric amateur competition sponsored by Roque Centurión Miranda at the Municipal Theatre was the event that convinced the most to become a professional musician.
_	Other conferences have similar by-laws; in some conferences, the pitch invasion rule is reset to zero after five years without a pitch invasion, and the fine is doubled in the event that a player or official is injured as a result of the pitch invasion.
_	In the event that a fighter is injured by illegal actions, then at the discretion of the referee and ring doctor, the round is resumed after enough time has been given for the fighter to recover.
_	Both Hank Pym and Beast note shortly after the event that it is impossible for the energy that certain mutants controlled to simply have vanished, and that it must have been "sent" somewhere.
_	On May 17, during the 2018 NBA Draft Combine, it revealed that Haas was not only the tallest player at the event that year, being near 7'3" in shoes, but he was also the heaviest player at the event at 303 pounds.
_	Shepard's name was only announced publicly after the initial launch attempt had been canceled, as Gilruth wished to keep his options open in the event that last-minute personnel changes were required.
_	It is important to separate the concept of the event that a threat agent get in contact with the asset (even virtually, i.e. through the network) and the event that a threat agent act against the asset.
_	Poor attendance returned to haunt the tournament in 2016 and it is envisaged that the Kenya Rugby Union and its partners will work to woo the fans back to the tournament either via a venue change or a deliberate and aggressive marketing campaign while attracting quality international sides and introducing prize money to the event that was once billed as "Africa's Premier Rugby Sevens Event."
_	In the event that two or more teams are tied for one of the top two spots in a round robin group, there are several tiebreak procedures, applied in the following order:
_	In a source stripping (FDDI or Token Ring) environment, in the event that router A wanted to communicate with router D, the entire network would be taken up while the data was being transmitted because it would have to wait until it completed the loop and got back to router A before it was eliminated.
_	He likewise skipped out on the 2017 ceremony, with multiple city officials overseeing the event that year.
_	In April 2017, Godson published a lengthy article on the "ConservativeHome" website, setting out Policy Exchange’s call for evidence on the contingency plans needed in the event that the UK is unable to secure a deal with the EU when it leaves the bloc.
_	In the event that a prisoner was about to be released, the Attorney-General could request continuing detention.
_	Conflict Resolver is executed in the event that a sync service cannot decide on which version of the data to use, creating a conflict.
_	In addition to supplying forecast data and other featured content, The Weather Channel also provides simulcasts of its live, wall-to-wall coverage in the event that a severe weather event, winter storm or landfalling tropical system affects the United States; unlike TWC, which carries the Local on the 8s segments during storm coverage, Local Now suspends all regularly featured segments – including local forecasts – during the TWC simulcasts, with time allocated to commercial breaks on TWC filled by a slide denoting that the simulcast will return following the break.
_	Malaysia's security agencies eagerly studied the lessons to be learnt from all such incidents so as to prepare to deal with similar terrorism, in the event that the terrorists should see Malaysia as a target.
_	It was also revealed at the event that Umehara had accepted a sponsorship deal with Mad Catz and would play under their name in future tournaments.
_	Early in the game, during and directly after the event that plunges the base into chaos, the player often hears the sounds of fighting, screaming and dying through their radio transmitter.
_	The Spanish Bourbon monarchy asked for French support in the dispute in the event that it led to war between Spain and Great Britain.
_	It is also wise to drop the face cards in order to conserve numeral cards for later in the hand, in the event that your opponent plays a point card.
_	Removing the fleet to United States waters had formed part of the orders given by Darlan to Gensoul in the event that a foreign power should attempt to seize his ships.
_	After discussion, USATF officials decided that a runoff between the two sprinters would take place in the event that neither ceded her spot to the other.
_	After the June 2015 general election resulted in a hung parliament, unsuccessful coalition negotiations raised speculation over whether President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan would call an early election in the event that AKP leader Ahmet Davutoğlu was unable to form a government within the given constitutional time of 45 days.
_	Goods illegally in the possession of an offender were to be confiscated, and payment was imposed for damages or hospital fees in the event that injury had been caused.
_	In the event that a water tank or tanker is contaminated, the following steps should be taken to reclaim the tank or tanker, if it is structurally intact.
_	In the event that a hotel provides the services mentioned in Sub Clause (b) or Sub Clause (d) of Clause (1) of Section 5, the amount of Expenditure Tax will be recovered from the other person referred to.
_	Both stations were acquired as a contingency plan in the event that CBS reached an affiliation deal with WXYZ-TV (to replace WJBK, which switched to Fox as a result of that network's group affiliation agreement with New World Communications) in order to allow the network to retain some over-the-air presence in the Detroit market (the E.W. Scripps Company and ABC would reach a group affiliation deal that renewed affiliation agreements with WXYZ and WEWS, and switch four other stations, including two whose Fox affiliations were displaced by the New World deal, with the network).
_	In the event that one was not built, which it wasn't, the income was used to provide running costs and to augment St. Catherine's Hospital.
_	In the event that two numbers are equally low (for example, if S was at (2,5)), pick a random direction – the lengths are the same.
_	As a result, in the event that Pettis were to win the fight with Holloway, he would be ineligible for the UFC championship.
_	On October 13, 2006, CNN reported that two U.S. government officials with access to classified information stated that the initial air sampling over North Korea shows no indication of radioactive debris from the event that North Korea says was an underground nuclear test.
_	He said of the event that "it's something that I'm certainly not proud of," attributing his behavior to "major issues" after returning from Iraq.
_	Traditionally, the arrest of the bishops has been seen as a turning point in Stephen's reign, and the event that turned the ecclesiastical hierarchy against him.
_	This connection between the event that day and the fort makes the site "hallowed ground" in the estimation of the historian Dr. Lawrence S. Roland.
_	In the event that the seconds failed to persuade their principals to avoid a fight they then attempted to agree on terms for the duel that would limit the chance of a fatal outcome, consistent with the generally accepted guidelines for affairs of honor.
_	CBC staff also described the agreement as a "structured exit" from NHL coverage in the event that Rogers does not extend the agreement.
_	In January 2010, it was revealed that the US army was training a specialised unit "to seal off and snatch back" Pakistani nuclear weapons in the event that militants would obtain a nuclear device or materials that could make one.
_	It will prevent the grapple digging into the ground in the event that the aircraft makes its run-in a bit low.
_	In the event that internally managed TTC communications are unavailable, the TRUMP unit operates on Bell Mobility's CDMA network to communicate with divisional operations and transit control.
_	In February 2007, city council decided to lease a new boiler for the facility, holding off a decision to purchase a new one in the event that a replacement is successfully approved.
_	The split (which NBC conducted voluntarily in the event that its appeal to have the ruling overturned was denied) was enforced to expand competition in radio broadcasting in the United States as the industry had only a few companies such as NBC and CBS that dominated the radio market, and in particular, was intended to prevent the limited competition from dominating news and political broadcasting and projecting narrow points of view.
_	In the event that the result is not achieved, the client does not pay for the service.
_	The secretary general of the Organisation of Islamic Co-operation, Ekmeleddin İhsanoğlu, was another potential consensus candidate from the Justice and Development Party, in the event that Gül was unsuccessful.
_	Esham announced at the event that he had signed with Psychopathic Records.
_	In the event that he failed, $5,000 would be added to the bounty, and the new amount would be offered at the next two-day event's Mossy Oak Shoot Out.
_	In the event that aggregate scores finish level, the away goals rule is applied, i.e. the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs progresses.
_	When Dick Grayson assumed the Batman role during the "Prodigal" storyline, Bruce established satellite Batcaves (most of which were not caves in the literal sense that the original one was) throughout the city on areas either owned by him, his company, or unknown or abandoned by the city, in the event that he needed a place to hide and/or resupply, which were pivotal during the "No Man's Land" storyline.
_	In the event that Häkkinen was not prepared, McLaren had Magnussen to replace him should the need arise.
_	Concluding this noteworthy show with George Gershwin's famous composition (and perhaps the best example of symphonic jazz) "Rhapsody in Blue", Whiteman's performance is often cited as the event that signifies the arrival of jazz from a folk music to an art form.
_	The same year, partially as a contingency in the event that the voters approved the same-sex marriage ban, SAVE Dade worked closely with the Miami-Dade County Commission to successfully pass a countywide domestic partner registry, which many municipalities and local businesses subsequently recognized for the purpose of extending spousal benefits to same-sex domestic partners of employees.
_	The first is [that] a Deputy Leader is a parliamentarian (including Scottish and Welsh representatives as well as those in Westminster or the European Parliament) elected at the same time as a Leader on a joint ticket, with arrangements in place in the event that the Deputy resigns mid-term.
_	In the event that they are affecting the entire network, their peers would drop their tunnel.
_	The federal court kept the case in its docket in the event that federal issues still remained after the State courts' determination.
_	Details Faith Harrington’s first bewildered arrival at the peculiar working men’s club immediately after the event that concludes
_	When Fury was seemingly killed by Punisher, Ralston and Iron Man advised the President not to attend the funeral in the event that the supervillains attack it.
_	In the event that large vehicles require access, the seating above the tunnel can be raised by up to .
_	The election Decree was required to be issued no later than the twenty-fifth day prior to the date of expiry of the Cortes in the event that the Prime Minister did not make use of his prerogative of early dissolution.
_	Furthermore, the model assumes that in the event that the customer is not retained, they are lost for good.
_	Other artists in the event that toured France, Belgium and Switzerland included Sheila (as main act) and Isabelle Aubret, Fabienne Thibeault, la Compagnie Créole, Bobby Solo, Frank Alamo, Michel Orso, Marcel Amont, Patrick Juvet, Claude Barzotti, Christian Delagrange and les Charlots.
_	In the event that formula_19 and they have the same representation, let formula_20 be an eigenvalue of 'f'.
_	In the event that replacement jurors are required, each party is similarly entitled to one peremptory challenge per replacement (s. 634 (2.2) Criminal Code of Canada).
_	Estreicher, who oversaw the evacuation, decided then to remove Szczerbiec from a chest and sandwich it between two wooden planks, and to attach to them an explanatory message in a bottle – so that in the event that the ship was sunk, at least the coronation sword could be salvaged.
_	In the event that a Wii is damaged and the Virtual Console games can no longer be played, Nintendo will provide support (if the serial number or console email name can be provided).
_	The county and municipalities were allowed to reduce their subsidies in the event that passenger numbers increased.
_	In the event that the Confederates were unable to fend off Wilson's raiders, they could, as a last resort, burn the bridges to deny Wilson's troops easy access to Columbus.
_	The Yugoslav constitution called for a runoff between the top two candidates in the event that no candidate won more than 50% of the vote.
_	As built in 1919, the bridge's abutments and piers were designed to carry a second set of double-track spans, in the event that an expansion to four tracks was ever undertaken at this location by the New Haven Railroad (it never was).
_	However, a broader view of the whole Greek world might place its beginning at the Ionian Revolt of 500 BC, the event that provoked the Persian invasion of 492 BC.
_	In the event that the name and date of birth of the applicant matches any sexual offence record in the system, he/she is required to submit fingerprints to the RCMP for a physical confirmation.
_	On 14 May 1919, Marshal Ferdinand Foch, General-in-Chief of the Allied Armies, submitted plans of operations to the Third Army commander to be used in the event that Germany should refuse to sign the peace treaty.
_	At that meeting, creditors learned that so little of value was left in the company that there would probably be negligible or even no repayment of its outstanding debt and that, although three bidders were then still negotiating to acquire the company intact as a going concern, the Administrators had instructed their agents to prepare for the piecemeal sale of the very few remaining assets in the event that satisfactory negotiations for the sale of the entire business were not concluded.
_	In 2015, a Lego model depicting the Golden Spike Ceremony, the event that symbolically marked the completion of the First Transcontinental Railroad, was submitted to the Lego Ideas website.
_	Despite predictions by doctors that he would never race again, the competed in the 2017 Le Race (the event that he won in 2014) where he finished just inside the top 50.
_	President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych delivered the salutatory speech during the event that took place in August 2011.
_	In the event that a team sweeps all the games during the eliminations, that team will have a twice-to-beat advantage in the Finals.
_	He founded the "Conservative Democrats" as a potential successor party in the event that the Centre Democrats was proscribed.
_	Section 215 bulk collection authority expired June 1, 2015, but in the event that the Obama administration is successful in restarting it, USA Freedom enacts a ban on such collection activities which "shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act."
_	Lupescu was the Director of Event Planning for the event that inducted Saul Bellow, Gwendolyn Brooks, Richard Wright, Nelson Algren, Lorraine Hansberry, and Studs Terkel.
_	In the event that the courtesan had angered or dissatisfied a benefactor, they would often find themselves cast out of wealthy circles, returning more often than not to street prostitution.
_	The United Chambers are convened only on certain occasions enumerated in the Belgian Constitution: the King must take the constitutional oath before the United Chambers, in accordance with article 91 of the Constitution, and the United Chambers must provide for the regency in the event that the successor to the Crown is a minor or the King is unable to reign, in accordance with articles 92 and 93 of the Constitution.
_	In the event that the upper and lower weighted medians are equal, the lower weighted median is generally accepted as originally proposed by Edgeworth.
_	During the 1991 coup d'état attempt, Sverdlovsk, the home city of President Boris Yeltsin, was selected by him as a temporary reserve capital for the Russian Federation, in the event that Moscow became too dangerous for the Russian government.
_	In the event that a monopoly exists, the consumer no longer has the freedom to choose to buy from a different producer.
_	In the event that the firm had an exceptional year and the market paid a premium for the firm's goods and services then the numerator may be an inaccurate measure.
_	In addition, the cable access channels on the systems in each of the channels' markets now share broadcasts of collegiate sporting events in the event that Time Warner Cable is able to secure the rights to air the telecasts in all of its upstate markets.
_	This scenario would most likely be used in the event that the President were mentally incapacitated, either voluntarily, through anesthesia in a medical procedure or involuntarily in the case of a mental illness.(NY Times, December 13, 1981).
_	Shoot Boxing World Tournament Girls S-Cup 2011 was the event that featured the third of Girls S-Cup tournaments.
_	The latter is required to offset any loss in the event that the result does not occur; for instance, if a team loses.
_	In the event that the aircraft ACARS unit has been silent for longer than a preset time interval, the ground station can ping the aircraft (directly or via satellite).
_	US officials stated that international law allows targeted killing in the event that the subject is an "imminent threat".
_	In April 1970, in the event that the Central Government had applied for funding for the construction of the subway, the Tianjin Municipal Government decided to raise funds on its own to establish the project on the basis of the name of the channel, and build it on the basis of the old walled river.
_	However, in the event that a pair of black holes were to merge, an immense amount of energy should be given off as gravitational waves, with distinctive waveforms that can be calculated using general relativity.
_	The independent Andres Velasco, who had mentioned his possible candidacy in the event that Michelle Bachelet did not come, made his precandidature on 16 of November 2012 in the context of the Concertación primaries, beyond what Bachelet did.1
_	In the event that several interest rates apply to various balance segments, payment allocation is generally at the discretion of the issuing bank, and payments will therefore usually be allocated towards the lowest rate balances until paid in full before any money is paid towards higher rate balances.
_	Mary Maverick, who helped care for the girl, wrote almost sixty years after the event that Lockhart had been beaten, raped and had suffered burns to her body.
_	Rabbi Yitzchok goes on to note that in the event that the Kohen is an Am ha-aretz, his service is invalid.
_	In the event that one member cannot make a payment, these peer groups guarantee one another’s loans.
_	It requires them to keep three days supplies on hand so that commuters, particularly those who live far away, will not be forced by circumstances to walk home long distances in the event that the transportation systems are disrupted.
_	Occasionally as time permits, KSHV-TV may take on the responsibility of airing Fox network programs normally seen on KMSS in the event that a breaking news or severe weather event of significance warrants extended coverage on channel 33.
_	In the event that such UV-treated water containing neutered microbes is exposed to visible light (specifically, wavelengths of light over 330-500 nm) for any significant period of time, a process known as photo reactivation can take place, where the possibility for repairing the damage in the bacteria's reproduction DNA arises, potentially rendering them once more capable of reproducing and causing disease.
_	In the event that the name of the location used to represent the time zone changes, the convention is to create an alias in future editions so that both the old and new names refer to the same database entry.
_	In the event that teams finish on equal points, then teams were separated according to points average(goals scored divided by goals conceded).
_	(in the event that the same team wins both half-season championships, they will be the #1 seed, with seeds 2-4 going to the three next-best full-season teams.)
_	However, conventional command and control policies could potentially influence industry structure and cause political reluctance in the event that it could bankrupt businesses.
_	It is used to support the share price in the event that the share price falls in the post-IPO aftermarket.
_	The ring and spectators sitting nearby were splashed with blood by the end of the battle and it can be seen from photographs of the event that Sullivan's white shorts were dark with blood by the end of twenty rounds when O'Keeffe gained the decision.
_	However, in the event that at least one early-window game is running long (after 4:25 p.m. ET) on the doubleheader network, the network will normally hold its commercials for the late window until all audiences have joined the late games, to ensure maximum coverage for its advertisers.
_	The hysterical crisis of Stellina, who faints after her ancient husband spills the rosolio onto her white dress because of the uncontrollable trembling of his hands, is the event that shatters the apparatus of hypocrisy that Marcantonio had laboriously constructed around himself.
_	In each of these categories of modules equipped with a cocartesian monoidal structure, finite products and coproducts coincide (in the sense that the product and coproduct of finitely many objects are isomorphic), or more formally that if "f" : "X" ∐ ... ∐ "X" → "X" × ... × "X" is the "canonical" map from the "n"-ary coproduct of objects "X" to their product, for a natural number "n", in the event that the map "f" is an isomorphism, we say that a biproduct for the objects "X" is an object formula_1 isomorphic to formula_2 and formula_3 together with maps "i" : "X" → "X" and "p" : "X" →  "X" such that the pair ("X", {"i"}) is a coproduct diagram for the objects "X" and the pair ("X", {"p"}) is a product diagram for the objects "X" , and where "p" ∘ "i" = id.
_	Another possible explanation is that the phrase draws its origins from William Shakespeare's play "The Merchant of Venice", in which the antagonist Shylock stipulates that the protagonist Antonio must promise a pound of his own flesh as collateral, to be exacted by Shylock in the event that Antonio's friend Bassanio defaults on the loan to which Antonio is guarantor.
_	Texas election laws do not require a run-off in the event that a majority is not achieved, and so Governor Perry joined only two other Texas governors to achieve the office by a plurality of less than 40%.
_	A membership program was established which provided people in the community an opportunity to contribute to Mercy Flights, while ensuring that they would be financially covered in the event that they needed air medical transportation.
_	In the event that no one candidate receives a majority of the Electoral College vote, the selection of the president is made by the House of Representatives under certain Constitutional guidelines.
_	Moshe Arens, who sanctioned the operation, argued after the event that, despite casualties amongst the passengers, the operation was "absolutely necessary."
_	In the Stochastic Canadian Traveller Problem and in the Edge-independent Stochastic Shortest Path Problem (i-SSPPR), each uncertain edge (or cost) has an associated probability of being in the realization and the event that an edge is in the graph is independent of which other edges are in the realization.
_	In the event that teams finish on equal points, then a play-off will be used to determine group placings if necessary, i.e. where to decide semi-finalists.
_	In the event that one or more them dies, the inheritance is split among the remaining survivors.
_	Furthermore, they typically have multiple power sources including a secondary solar energy collection function in the event that conventional-recharging methods are unavailable.
_	Led Zeppelin's manager Peter Grant stated after the event that Led Zeppelin's performance at Knebworth was "a bit rusty".
_	In the event that the team has already gained promotion to Serie D through the league, the losing finalist is promoted.
_	Typically, safety light curtains are connected to a safety relay which will remove motive power from the hazard in the event that an object is detected.
_	In the event that an inmate should lose his job he is moved out of these dorms to make room for other workers.
_	Money can also be deducted during the game, in the event that you get out.
_	After President Dwight D. Eisenhower openly addressed his health issues and made it a point to enter into an agreement with Vice President Richard Nixon that provided for Nixon to act on his behalf in the event that Eisenhower became unable to provide effective presidential leadership (Nixon did informally assumed some of the president's duties for several weeks on each of three occasions when Eisenhower was ill), discussions began in Congress about clearing-up the Constitution's ambiguity on the subject.
_	Meanwhile, Revel's battleships would be preserved to confront the Austro-Hungarian battle fleet in the event that it sought a decisive engagement.
_	Despite his criticism, he also went on to confirm that in the event that the Volvo Ocean Race became a one-design event, he had already been approached to optimize the Volvo 65 design for a "potential future team."
_	Organisers announced in the week after the event that the total now donated to the Willow Foundation in Memory of Lee Dunford now exceeded £100,000.00.
_	This was seen as the event that led to the fall of the unified Jin dynasty and its re-establishment as the Eastern Jin dynasty, as well as the loss of northern China to non-Chinese forces.
_	In the event that a bat deflects the ball sharply and directly back toward the catcher's box, it is a "foul tip".
_	In the event that teams finish on equal points, then a play-off will be used to determine group placings if necessary, i.e. where to decide relegation places or quarter-finalists.
_	For launches from the Eastern Range, which includes Kennedy Space Center and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, the Mission Flight Control Officer (MFCO) is responsible for ensuring public safety from the vehicle during its flight up to orbital insertion, or, in the event that the launch is of a ballistic type, until all pieces have fallen safely to Earth.
_	It was declared at the end of the event that the World Sports Values Summit for Peace will be periodically held thereafter too.
_	Aubri had, in fact, given this gold to Eloi so that Eloi could deliver it to Aubri's mother in Paris in the event that anything were to happen to Aubri during his dangerous night journey through Bondy.
_	In 2018, West Virginians for Life endorsed a ballot initiative to ban abortion in the event that "Roe" is overturned; Capito said she is "not going to openly support or oppose" the ballot initiative.
_	Salmon does not cite his own sources but the version is sufficiently detailed to suggest that he had access to descriptions of the event that were certainly current in his time, and were probably derived from eye-witness descriptions.
_	CIB is used as a map substitute for emergencies and crises in the event that maps do not exist or are outdated.
_	This cultural nod was reviewed by the humorist Nae Dumitrescu Țăranu, who doubted that Filipescu cold ever fulfill the promise: even in the event that all "scoundrels" and "exploiters of the country" would find themselves impaled on Filipescu's orders, some would bribe the executioner and have their stakes fitted with "comfy stools".
_	The Grand Council of the Crees has been active in asserting the right of the Cree Nation to determine their own future, in the event that Quebec secedes from Canada.
_	Russia and France already had a mutual defense agreement that said France was obliged to threaten Britain with an attack if Britain declared war on Russia, while Russia was to concentrate more than 300,000 troops on the Afghan border for an incursion into India in the event that Britain attacked France.
_	as the event that message i is jointly typical with the sequence received when message 1 is sent.
_	In the event that performance falls towards a minimum service level, in supermarkets or banks management teams can be automatically alerted beforehand, allowing them time to proactively manage the situation.
_	It was originally not known whether the Skofield family actually received the beachfront house; a standard game show eligibility clause states that the awarding of prizes may be revoked in the event that the episode does not air.
_	Great Depression, an article about the event that inspired this book.
_	William then forced Harold to swear to support his claim to the throne, only revealing after the event that the box on which Harold had made his oath contained holy relics, making the promise especially binding.
_	Back in the present, Anachronism tells the group about what Cullen told him to do in the event that Cullen loses control of himself.
_	In the event that reconciliation could not be brokered, further industrial action was planned.
_	In the event that the item does not arrive on time there is a money back guarantee.
_	MTN-Qhubeka was the first African team to receive a wild card entry into the event that was held from 4 to 26 July 2015.
_	In the event that the Bundesliga champion is also the Austrian Cup winner, the fifth placed team enters the UEFA Europa League.
_	Ten days before the Attack on Pearl Harbor, Stimson entered in his diary the following statement: "[Roosevelt] brought up the event that we are likely to be attacked perhaps next Monday, for the Japanese are notorious for making an attack without warning, and the question was what we should do.
_	Additionally, CDOT agreed to fill the flangeways with stone dust, to be removed in the event that a P&W train needed access to the New Haven Harbor.
_	A local hero is often themed around the city or prefecture's local mythologies or industries, are created to teach the children who watch the stage shows certain things (like of Fukui, Fukui Prefecture), or are themed after the event that they are used to promote (the group performed at the Tokyo Motor Show to act in both the latter forms for road traffic safety).
_	Benjamin Robert Haydon painted "The Anti-Slavery Society Convention, 1840" a year after the event that today is in the National Portrait Gallery.
_	This would ensure its continued existence in the event that the Nihoa population was wiped out.
_	In the event that was themed, "A Royal Affair ', the Women are judged on their introduction, swimwear, cultural costume, talent / BVI promotion, evening wear, question and answer in the evening as well as presentation and an interview before pageant.
_	INDRP very clearly reads under clause 4 as:" "The Registrant is required to submit to a mandatory Arbitration proceeding in the event that a Complainant files a complaint to IN Registry, in compliance with this Policy and Rules thereunder"."
_	Well in advance of the elections, Parliament voted to remove term limits on the Presidency, which would have prohibited Bongo from running again; it also voted to hold presidential elections on a first-past-the-post basis, with no second round in the event that the leading candidate fell short of a majority.
_	In the event that Flight 1420 was unable to land for any reason, Nashville International Airport was designated as an alternate airport, and the flight also had the option of turning back and landing at DFW.
_	Though still the emergency quarterback who would play in the event that Vick were injured, Glennon did not play and Cory Holt took on the quarterback duty in blowouts.
_	Nucleation is the event that initiates the formation of microtubules from the tubulin dimer.
_	Only Yevgeny Gavrilenko kept the United States from sweeping the event that year.
_	At a press conference on 16 August, Liberal leader Bruce Flegg stated that in the event that the Coalition won government, and the Liberal Party won more seats than the Nationals, Lawrence Springborg would still become Premier.
_	At the security conference, outgoing Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak warned about "nuclear terrorism" and an end to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in the event that Iran gained possession of the nuclear bomb.
_	He had a season's best of 47.79 seconds for the event that year.
_	The king favoured Alessandro Farnese (future Pope Paul III), and instructed his ambassadors on 21 March to offer it to Farnese, and then de Cupis or Giovanni del Monte (future Pope Julius III) in the event that Farnese declined or was not approved.
_	In March 1945, Downs and correspondents from the other major networks drew lots in Paris to determine who would parachute into Berlin during the first phase of the battle and deliver the first broadcast in the event that the Western Allies reached the city first.
_	In the event that neither of these solutions can be achieved, the Vulcan will face insanity, loss of self-control, and death.
_	After getting in communication with Vondas through former soldier Sergei, Marlo eventually sells himself as Joe's replacement by convincing the Greek that he requires an insurance policy in the form of a replacement for Proposition Joe, in the event that anything should happen to him.
_	One apparent disadvantage of twist-lock connectors is that in the event that the cable is accidentally pulled too hard, rather than the plug falling out of the receptacle, exposed conductors may come out of the plug, causing dangerous shorts or shock hazards if the circuit is live.
_	"Al-Albani also underlines the social problems which can result from the "misyar" marriage, particularly in the event that children are born from this union.
_	Let formula_11 be the event that formula_1 occurs before formula_2.
_	Let formula_14 be the event that neither formula_1 nor formula_2 occurs on a given trial.
_	In the event of an entry rescue, standby rescuers are recommended in the event that the initial entry rescuer(s) encounter trouble.
_	In the event that a prime minister resigns without advising the monarch to call for new elections, dies or becomes incapacitated while in office, then the government as a whole resigns and the process of royal nomination and appointment takes place.
_	Joseph Estrada stated in interviews that he would be willing to run for the opposition in the event that they are unable to unite behind a single candidate.
_	Romulo Macalintal, election counsel of President Arroyo, clarified that the constitutional ban doesn't prevent Estrada from attaining the presidency in the event that he were to be elevated from the vice-presidency, for example.
_	Also, physicians who fail to inform their patients of the risks of amniocentesis and CVS might be found guilty of negligence informed consent in the event that the patient sues after a procedure-related miscarriage or fetal damage.
_	They will then be liable for those debts in the event that the company cannot pay, although the other shareholders will not be so liable.
_	He threw beyond twenty metres for the event that season and his new best of ranked him tenth globally among shot putters for the year.
_	Today, the filing deadline for U.S. federal income tax returns for individuals remains April 15 or, in the event that the 15th falls on a Saturday, Sunday or holiday, the first succeeding day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or holiday.
_	It is also important to have a system for determining what to do in the event that two conflicting guidelines are applicable.
_	Members also benefit from information services, and from legal and emotional support in the event that their job is put at risk.
_	Besides, the São Paulo Gay Pride Parade, held since 1997 on Paulista Avenue is the event that attracts more tourists to the city.
_	He would even be named the winner of the NBA's Slam Dunk Contest in the 1976–77 season, which was a precursor to the event that's known today, although he wouldn't be give an official trophy for it until March 8, 2017.
_	Both countries take turns to host the event that has seen increasing numbers of participants.
_	The Winternationals is the event that kicks off the NHRA season, held during the second weekend in February, the U.S. Nationals is often called ""The oldest, richest, and most prestigious race in the NHRA"," and carries the largest purse of any event on the schedule, and the Auto Club Finals at Pomona are held to mark the end of the NHRA season.
_	It was at the event that, reuniting with Steve Camry, The KPA defeated The Harbor City Hit Squad (Drolix & Kindred).
_	The ability to self-configure enables dynamic distribution of workloads, particularly in the event that a few nodes should fail.
_	In the event that the business is not established within the 6-month period, the CARICOM National should present to the Immigration Department or other relevant department so designated by the Member State, evidence from the Competent Authority that concrete steps have been undertaken to establish the business.
_	In the event that a pin is lost, it may be replaced with a non-flown pin at the SFA Panel's discretion.
_	In the event that all three players failed to answer a clue, the property value was cut in half and another clue was read.
_	In the event that a discrepancy is found in the breakup of charges the Assessing Officer is given the right to decide on the amount required to be charged as room charges.
_	In the event that a parent zoned to Wilson is not interested in having his or her child educated in the Montessori style, the administration of Wilson Montessori will assist the parent in selecting a different school.
_	The rape of Collatinus' wife, Lucretia, by his cousin, Sextus Tarquinius, was the event that sparked the expulsion of the Roman kings.
_	For the moment, we assume the existence of a "partial match" table codice_86, described below, which indicates where we need to look for the start of a new match in the event that the current one ends in a mismatch.
_	BUIC sites were alternate control sites in the event that SAGE Direction Centers became disabled and unable to control interceptor aircraft.
_	At the Tri-State Tennis Tournament, the event that evolved into today's Cincinnati Masters, Marx reached the singles final in 1941 before falling to Bobby Riggs.
_	However, in the event that both of these routes of investigation yield normal findings or an inadequate explanation, noninvasive duplex ultrasound studies are recommended to identify carotid artery disease.
_	His 1913 visit to an experimental "free" school in Wales (led by the Tolstoyan Philip Oyler) is noted as the event that sparked his professional interest in children.
_	In the event that Uhuru's run for the presidency is thwarted by the confirmed charges by the ICC, it remains a too-up as to whether Saitoti would have benefited from the spin-off.
_	Baute was urged to recognize the legal paternity of José Daniel in November 2012 in the event that a Spanish court rules against Baute's claims of not being the father of José Daniel.
_	However, in the event that its budget target is not reached, it must be noted that the NSF is undertaking studies to mothball or demolish the observatory to return it to its natural setting.
_	In the event that he wins that same instance of the game as well, he will have scored 5 points by virtue of having 4 animal tiles, on top of any other points that he scores with his winning hand.
_	They are commonly specified as the last in a series of fallback fonts, as a last resort in the event that none of the fonts specified by the author are available.
_	It was Butcher who preserved the written statement that Eisenhower had prepared in the event that the D-Day invasions failed.
_	Distinctive interior features include a surviving 1910s projection booth, which is lined with asbestos tile and designed to be isolatable in the event that unstable nitrate-based film stock (used in early-generation films) caught fire.
_	If prescribed, a person and their clinician should have a realistic plan to discontinue its use in the event that the risks outweigh the benefit.
_	At the resort when Adele is playing the piano it is almost like déjà vu for Edna; just as the event that occurred in the ocean at the novel's beginning, Edna is once again being awakened.
_	It is part of rugby folklore that the event that convinced him to retire from rugby was when a young girl curtsied to him outside the opening of an extension to a local bank but in Frank Keating's book The Great Number Tens, John is quoted as saying that it was actually the head cashier who curtsied to him.
_	In the event that children are placed in home-based care, every effort is made to reunite children with their families wherever possible.
_	In the event that a leading athlete did not hold an "A" standard, or an athlete withdrew, the next highest finishing athlete with an "A" standard was selected instead.
_	Levin and Warner, both past chairmen of the Senate Armed Services Committee, argued, "If we reject the agreement, we risk isolating ourselves and damaging our ability to assemble the strongest possible coalition to stop Iran" in the event that military action was needed in the future.
_	Some are available as "mutuals" and, in the event that the market suffers large losses, may be unable to respond to any great extent.
_	In the event that more than one applicant applied for the same broadcast license a comparative hearing became necessary.
_	Second, of more concern, it assumes that during the membership test the event that one tested bit is set to 1 is independent of the event that any other tested bit is set to 1.
_	Meanwhile, Revel's battleships would be preserved to confront the Austro-Hungarian battle fleet in the event that it sought a decisive engagement.
_	STS-300 was the designation for the Space Shuttle Launch on Need (LON) missions to be launched on short notice for STS-114 and STS-121, in the event that the shuttle became disabled or damaged and could not safely return to Earth.
_	In the event that he is not greater in Torah knowledge, this first slot is afforded the Rabbi who is superior.
_	Middlehand, in turn, picks up the cards and passes any two cards to rearhand; finally rearhand passes two cards of his choice to the dealer, who now has 8 cards; the game is then announced (in the event that the player does not want to play a Solo, there are different rules; for example, the waiters can be pushed back to the dealer).
_	Prior to commencing the approach, if the pilot believes that a missed approach may occur, he or she can make a specific request to ATC in the event that one occurs.
_	In the event that the site is overcast, and the solar panels won't work, two 1.5 volt AA batteries will be given to each team.
_	In the event that there is a technical fault occurring during either of WXTV's weekday newscasts, WXTV will cut to Univision's satellite feed until it is able to rejoin the East Coast feed for the national Univision news bulletins.
_	As per a May 1951 electoral law, each candidate had to give the names of another who would occupy the second seat in the event that the other party's first candidate came in third or below.
_	His role was that of Alex, the friend who committed suicide, the event that brings the rest of the cast together.
_	This House "believes that the case for war against Iraq has not yet been established, especially given the absence of specific United Nations authorisation; but, in the event that hostilities do commence, pledges its total support for the British forces".
_	For institutional loans, property rights are not transferred but nevertheless enable A to satisfy its claims in the event that B fails to make good on its obligations to A or otherwise becomes insolvent.
_	In the event that the underlying debt is not properly paid, the creditor may decide to foreclose the interest in order to take the property.
_	In general, information discussed in mediation cannot be used as evidence in the event that the matter proceeds to court, in accord with the mediation agreement and common law.
_	Then PostBQP is defined by postselecting upon the event that the postselection qubit is |1>.
_	Despite previously having pledged to resign the leadership in the event that he was defeated at the 1993 election, Hewson decided to continue in his position.
_	During training in the lead up to the Games, Fang was told by Communist Party officials overseeing the Games to avoid foreign journalists and to avoid answering any questions about the cause of his injury during news conferences in the event that he won a medal.
_	Ogorodnik eventually requested a suicide pill (known as the L-Pill) to be used in the event that he was caught.
_	It is designed to activate in the event that there is either a loss of high-pressure cooling to the vessel or if the high-pressure cooling systems cannot maintain the RPV water level.
_	He left Teheran on 1 March 1821, leaving behind his passport and papers and changing from a European costume to a Persian one apart from writing notes in Hungarian which were to be passed on in the event that he died on his way to Bukhara.
_	In June 2012, Nokia chairman Risto Siilasmaa told journalists that Nokia had a contingency plan in the event that Windows Phone failed, but did not specify what it was.
_	Jon Christensen, a historian of UCLA's Institute of Environment and Sustainability, notes among the other critics at the event that writings and actions from conservationists at the turn of the twentieth century have created a legacy for the movement as one of an older white demographic.
_	Church pastors agree to a restraint of trade that applies in the event that they withdraw as pastors.
_	Tall Ship Productions announced via their Twitter-feed on October 18, 2011, that Justin Lin, director of several films in "The Fast and the Furious" franchise, had signed on to direct a potential pilot episode of "Hangtown", in the event that ABC officially orders it.
_	Rather than Christ having returned invisibly, however, they concluded that the event that took place on October 22, 1844, was quite different.
_	There, the judge declares that both Bugs and Sam shall share the land equally ... "and in the event that one of you should pass on, the other shall inherit the entire property."
_	A scheduled two-day visit to the last port became a three-week stay in March and April when "Ajax" remained there as backup repair ship in the event that President John F. Kennedy's strong diplomatic resistance to communist aggression in Laos would involve the American Navy in hostilities.
_	Following the Italian invasion of Greece in October 1940, Section D of British intelligence began recruiting Greeks for clandestine espionage and sabotage activity for the event that Greece might succumb to the Axis Powers in mind.
_	It is the only time the history of the event that such a course of action has been taken.
_	Once the duration of the discharge has passed and the conditions of the probation have been successfully followed, the discharge becomes absolute, i.e., the youth will not be viewed as the offender although the record can be used for three years after finding of guilt in the event that there is a subsequent conviction.
_	Plus is a gametime-only overflow feed of NESN that operates in the event that two sports events NESN has the rights to are subject to scheduling conflicts.
_	The priest wrote that he had been in the council visited by representatives of the Cossacks, who threatened him with death, in the event that the Orthodox hierarchy agreed to join the union.
_	In the event that a driver changes a power unit component, they are still subject to a five- or ten-place grid penalty depending on the component being changed; however, should they then replace a second component, they will be moved to the back of the starting grid.
_	In the event that correction cannot be worn due to the obstruction of vision through the eye piece, lenses may be placed within the lens holder before each eye.
_	Following physicality between the two, Sting pointed to the WrestleMania 31 sign with his baseball bat, issuing a challenge for the event that was accepted by Triple H.
_	During the campaign, the Kerrs purchased a Sydney apartment, as Sir John was prepared to resign in the event that the ALP triumphed.
_	The purpose of any state defense force is to provide the governor of a state with a viable military force in the event that National Guard forces for that state have been mobilized into federal active service.
_	The Indiana Guard Reserve has prepared for several missions in the event that the Indiana National Guard is federalized.
_	The neck dam did not unroll easily; Grissom tinkered with his suit collar to ensure his buoyancy in the event that he had to get out of the spacecraft quickly.
_	In the event that Prince Harry would be unable to serve as regent, the next in line would be his uncle (Prince George's grand-uncle) Prince Andrew, Duke of York, followed by the Duke of York's elder daughter Princess Beatrice of York.
_	Children born with dual citizenship in this form were allowed to maintain their dual status in the event that the father naturalised later, thus parting with Italian citizenship.
_	A chariot race also was said to be the event that founded the Olympic Games; according to one legend, mentioned by Pindar, King Oenomaus challenged suitors for his daughter Hippodamia to a race, but was defeated by Pelops, who founded the Games in honour of his victory.
_	Notice that in the event that the system formula_2 is a partly classical state as above, then the quantity that we are after reduces to
_	According to the earlier of the two accounts of the event that survive, known as "Miracles 18–20" or the "anonymous account", written by a monk of the cathedral, when the monks opened the decorated inner coffin, which was for the first time in living memory, they saw "a book of the Gospels lying at the head of the board", that is on the shelf or inner lid.
_	A report leaked by the Al-Akhbar newspaper in November 2010 stated that Hezbollah has drafted plans for a takeover of the country in the event that the Special Tribunal for Lebanon issues an indictment against its members.
_	Starting engine (name differs depending on the type) - element of the propulsion system of a rocket, an aircraft, a missile or an ammunition using the reactive principle of motion (hereinafter referred to as a "rocket"), intended to bring the rocket into motion from the ready-to-launch state, giving it the necessary acceleration and acceleration to the required speed, together with other starting engines (if there are several), the shell of the hull and the emplaced airplane (if any), and other structural elements, depending on the type, class and model of the rocket, forms the launching stage of the rocket (in the event that the rocket is not a single-stage missile - an item with elements not separated in flight).
_	The LHR seem to have arisen as a result of unequal crossing over and the event that gave rise to LHR-B seems to have occurred within the fourth exon of either LHR-A or –C.
_	Several unique provisions were included which terminated the owner's contract in the event that the master neglected to feed, clothe, shelter, or otherwise abused the slave, or attempted to take them from the Territory against their will.
_	In the event that each house had voted by at least two-thirds vote to override the veto, the bill would have become law.
_	The purpose of this chain was to provide accurate air navigation for the corridor between Western Germany and Berlin in the event that a mass evacuation of allied personnel may be required.
_	In the event that articles are not registered for the new company, model (default) articles will be registered.
_	Perhaps the event that escalated tensions the most was caused by the "sénéchal" and Parlement who decided that the militia must be reinforced to prevent insurrection.
_	Some employers may be afraid that a worker may make a report to law enforcement, in the event that the employer's practices are illegal to the law.
_	They cater their programs and workshops towards schools, community organizations, churches, and clubs, and increase awareness of the commonality of sexual assault, how to recognize it, which assertive steps to take in order to reduce the risk of experiencing it, and knowing about local resources and options in the event that one experiences sexual assault.
_	This can keep malicious users off of a private network even in the event that they are able to break the encryption.
_	His season's best run of 9.79 sec for the 100 m came in June in Clermont, Florida and ranked it him as the third fastest in the event that year.
_	In the event that an air force officer is appointed to the position of Chief of Defence Forces (formerly Supreme Commander), then he has always held the rank of air chief marshal.
_	As it entered Cleveland County, the National Weather Service and Storm Prediction Center activated emergency procedures, preparing to evacuate staff and others present at the facility in the event that the supercell should turn right, placing areas surrounding the Norman campus in the tornado's path (under NOAA protocol in situations posing a danger to personnel at local Weather Forecast Offices and related guidance centers, responsibility over the issuance of warnings and statements on the unfolding outbreak would have been transferred to the nearest NWS Forecast Office, based in Tulsa, while the SPC's forecasting responsibilities would be turned over to the 557th Weather Wing at Offutt Air Force Base).
_	In July 2014, he said that threats to kill or imprison terrorists are an ineffective deterrent stating: "the only thing that deters them is if they know that their sister or their mother will be raped in the event that they are caught."
_	In the event that the drawn card matches more than one card on the table, the player gets the choice as to which card to match and therefore keep in addition to the drawn card.
_	Russia can create non-nuclear, high precision weapons based on intercontinental rockets in the event that the USA also works on designing such a weapon".
_	Olsen that it was a robot he created to replace him in the event that he was ever incarcerated, who killed Adam.
_	This is intended to protect the employer from legal recourse that employees may otherwise have in the event that it can be demonstrated that such discipline or terminations were not handled in accordance with the latest labor laws.
_	In the UK there was initially a widespread belief that a corporation needed to demonstrate its creditworthiness by having its shares only partly paid, as where shares are partly paid, the investor would be liable for the remainder of the nominal value in the event that the company could not pay its debts.
_	In the event that the CNO is absent or is unable to perform their duties, the VCNO assumes the duties and responsibilities of the CNO.
_	All binary scores are local because the probability assigned to the event that did not occur is directly producible as formula_39.
_	Now, define a bad event "A" for each clause in Φ, where "A" is the event that clause "j" in Φ is unsatisfied by the current assignment.
_	Chuck Bass (Ed Westwick) is reluctant to introduce his new love Eva Coupeau (Clémence Poésy) to Rufus (Matthew Settle) and Lily Humphrey (Kelly Rutherford) following the event that triggered Jenny Humphrey (Taylor Momsen) leaving Manhattan and fearing that Eva might not accept details behind his past.
_	He also called for Ontario to promote the de-Confederation of Quebec from Canada in the event that a compromise on federal issues could not be reached, and spoke of the importance of English cultural heritage within Canada.
_	Since diprenorphine also has partial agonistic properties of its own, it should not be used on humans in the event that they are accidentally exposed to etorphine or carfentanil.
_	That might have been that, but what brought Yakyong to Gangjin, where he was forced to spend eighteen years, was the event that served as the final nail in the coffin of the early Catholic community, the Silk Letter Incident.
_	The secondary exit is used in the event that the main shaft elevator fails.
_	In the event that this route was blocked, there was an emergency escape hatch in the roof of the dome.
_	In the event that both acts wish to sing the same song from that shortlist, the performer in 2nd place has priority.
_	In the press it was speculated that proposed candidates may include former elected VIP politicians Dancia Penn and Vernon Malone, but in the event that did not transpire.
_	In 1996, Congress passed the Bill Emerson Good Samaritan Act, releasing those who donate food or distribute donated food from liability in the event that an individual is affected by the consumption of that food, provided that due diligence is exercised.
_	In the event that the President is unable to lead a meeting the meeting is chaired by the First Vice President.
_	At the other end of the pole would be a sharp tip as well, in the event that two-handed combat with the dangpa became necessary in battle - this way soldiers fighting with the dangpa had fighting edges on both ends of the weapon.
_	Because of the strength of a néder, and the fact that one must be absolutely fulfilled if it is done, many pious Jews engage in the practice of saying: bli néder, after a statement that they will do something, which means that their statement is not a binding néder in the event that they cannot keep their promise due to unforeseen circumstances.
_	It was the first time in the history of the event that the race was stopped and restarted, following a clash of blades.
_	In the event that the "Katipunan" was discovered prematurely, they should fight rather than allow themselves to be killed.
_	During the crisis, he is informed that Judy King arrived and is instructed to give her special treatment by MCC, partly to ensure she is given no opportunity to sue the prison after her release, and partly to create leverage over her in the event that she decides to do so.
_	The crowd Vladiminsky joined later became known for the event that occurred on that day - The Bloody Sunday.
_	Following the concern caused by the estimated gigaton scale of the 1994 Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 impacts on the planet Jupiter, in a 1995 meeting at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL), Edward Teller proposed to a collective of U.S. and Russian ex-Cold War weapons designers that they collaborate on designing a 1000-megaton nuclear explosive device for diverting extinction-class asteroids (10+ km in diameter), which would be employed in the event that one of these asteroids were on an impact trajectory with Earth.
_	Some were held hostage and sent to Montreal in the event that any French were captured, and some were sent to France to be used as galley slaves.
_	The film also includes a roadie saying "Hey Joe, I'll get it for ya" as a backup, in the event that a cast member is not available for the part.
_	She said of the event that she felt "someplace where there's something happening, and I don't want to be anywhere else."
_	A copy of the route card is then left with a responsible person so as to assist the emergency services in the event that the group should suffer a mishap.
_	With airtime set aside for the event that needed to be filled, and because they had already brought in several other homeless people, they decided to improvise a "Homeless Talent Show".
_	This idea was formed after the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong in 1997, the event that made Hong Kong a special administrative region of China.
_	Over 10,000 participants took part in the event that year.
_	Miners are trained to go to these areas in the event that other escape routes are inaccessible.
_	In May 2018, the state auditor issued a subpoena to preserve and obtain records from ECOT in the event that the dispute rose to a criminal case.
_	In the event that the artist meant for the net to be in the water, it is upside down.
_	In the event that Gibraltar was taken by the Axis powers, he was to be sealed into a secret chamber in the Rock of Gibraltar with five other men for about a year and report the movements of enemy vessels.
_	The treaty was intended to draw the powers of the Sixth Coalition into a closer alliance in the event that France rejected the peace terms they had recently offered.
_	Then, in the case of "the cities which are very far off" (in the words of ), commanded the Israelites to "smite every male thereof" and keep alive the women and children, while in "the cities of these peoples" (in the words of ), that is, the seven nations of Canaan, in the event that they refused the offer of peace, commanded the Israelites to kill even women and children.
_	Pussyfoot came fourth in the contest, with media commentators speculating after the event that Jones was, once again, too raunchy for British tastes.
_	The November 2015 election is the first to be overseen by an interim election government, which must be formed in the event that the President calls an early vote if a government cannot be formed.
_	In the event that the authorities failed to comply with the demands, the Oblast administration reserved the "right to ask for help from the brotherly people of the Russian Federation".
_	Multiple control sets (typically two) are kept, in the event that the settings contained in the currently-used one prohibit the system from booting.
_	Will kidnapped his family, including Dodger's father and twin sister Sienna and also Ash's mother, and Maxine, and tells them how he was jealous at Dodger, because of the way he regularly appears to get everything, all the things he wants more than him, before his and Dodger's showdown, which leads to the event that sees him getting arrested for the murder of Texas and his mother Anna and kidnapping.
_	The shooting down on 3 September 1978 of the civilian Vickers Viscount airliner "Hunyani, "Air Rhodesia Flight RH825, in the Kariba area by ZIPRA insurgents using a surface-to-air missile, and the subsequent massacre of its survivors, is widely considered to be the event that finally destroyed the Rhodesians' will to continue the war.
_	They would force Congress to side with him in the event that pro-Bank congressmen attempted to impeach him for removing the deposits.
_	This second squadron was stocked with coal and ammunition in the event that it would need to reinforce the squadron at Smryna.
_	As a concentrated form of narrative prose fiction, the short story has been theorised through the traditional elements of dramatic structure: exposition (the introduction of setting, situation and main characters), complication (the event that introduces the conflict), rising action, crisis (the decisive moment for the protagonist and his commitment to a course of action), climax (the point of highest interest in terms of the conflict and the point with the most action) and resolution (the point when the conflict is resolved).
_	Along with "Forbes", presentations were often held with "nurses" in attendance, ostensibly in the event that someone fainted due to the content of the film; such "nurses" were often hired locally.
_	Furthermore the conditions on a filing agreement are typically less onerous on a defendant and in the event that the Defendant fails to abide by the conditions of the filing agreement, the State has to move the Court to restore the case back to the docket, which, if granted, affords the Defendant an opportunity to again fight the charges.
_	The Department of the Navy did briefly consider the possibility of a "six-star rank" during World War II, mainly in the event that Douglas MacArthur was promoted to General of the Armies, and the need to provide a similar rank to a Navy officer.
_	BUIC sites were alternate control sites in the event that SAGE Direction Centers became disabled and unable to control interceptor aircraft.
_	Depending on the state, the following alternative methods are statutorily provided in the event that lethal injection is either found unconstitutional by a court or unavailable for practical reasons:
_	In 2016, the observatory was announced as the second-choice location for the Thirty Meter Telescope, in the event that the Mauna Kea site is not feasible.
_	During the 2007 scandal involving Senator Larry Craig (R-ID), Simpson was openly considered for an appointment to the U.S. Senate in the event that Senator Craig resigned.
_	In the event that a person failed to drain his sconce, he was generally required to pay for the contents.
_	Museum staff can hope that a disaster will never hit, but it is important for the museums have a plan in place in the event that one does.
_	The PPLC had saved $60 in the event that they should open a clinic, be it after contraception was legalized or as an experiment to test the law.
_	Another referendum, meant to be held on 18 May in the event that the first referendum favoured autonomy, was to determine whether the region would join the Russian Federation, or become independent.
_	In the event that they find one of the jurists better versed in Islamic regulations, in fiqh, or in political and social issues, or possessing more general popularity or special prominence than any of their members, they shall elect that person as Supreme Leader.
_	This ranked him fourth globally in the event that year, and moving him up to eighth on the all-time lists at that point.
_	Hanfstaengl was so alarmed by the event that he defected soon afterward.
_	The Zimmermann Telegram (or Zimmermann Note or Zimmerman Cable) was a secret diplomatic communication issued from the German Foreign Office in January 1917 that proposed a military alliance between Germany and Mexico in the event that the United States entered World War I against Germany.
_	The judges determined that a mortgage contract consists of two documents: a deed of trust (which secures the property as collateral) and the promissory note (which indents the borrower to the lender), and determined that ""in the event that the mortgage loan somehow separates interests of the note and the deed of trust... with the deed of trust lying with some independent entity... the mortgage may become unenforceable.""
_	Arthur's trauma is analogous to the event that transformed Dexter and his brother into killers.
_	While BA theories do not deny biological factors that contribute to depression, they assert that it is ultimately the combination of a stressful event in an individual's life and their reaction to the event that produces a depressive episode.
_	Sheldon then cites Section 74C of the Roommate Agreement, which requires Leonard to assist him in the event that he becomes a robot.
_	This safety system allows the Orbiter's payload bay doors to be closed in the event that the arm fails in an extended position and is not able to be retracted.
_	This was the event that set the wheels in motion for the national attention of the Sonic Boom.
_	In 2005, the event that took place in Moscow, Russia, and Russian team won.
_	The contract for the fourth satellite, GOES-Q, was later cancelled, and that satellite will only be completed in the event that another third generation satellite is lost in a launch failure, or fails soon after launch.
_	According to Langs, the conscious mind thereby adapts, by surviving the event that seemed unbearable, but simultaneously fails to adapt, by leaving unconscious what it might have gained from the experience.
_	A key function of the EPA is assessing resource and planning proposals and making recommendations to the Minister regarding the environmental acceptability of these proposals, as well as recommending environmental conditions which should be implemented in the event that proposals are approved by the Minister.
_	Troup's first-place prize was $13,000, but he received only $11,050 because of a 15 percent tax on PBA Tour bowlers earning $5,000 or more in Canada; he said after the event that he was "ticked off".
_	In the event that a child was born out of wedlock, if a woman who gave up her child to prevent stigma and shaming, she alone could be identified.
_	In the event that the route is in condition to be climbed, it demands good ice climbing technique, as it involves climbing at about 50-55 degrees for well over 900 vertical meters, with some pitches at 60 degrees.
_	In the event that it is attacked by a starfish, it extends flaps of mantle to defend itself, and the worm also helps drive the predator away.
_	As enshrined in the Constitution of Turkey, an interim cabinet formed together by all the parties in Parliament must be formed in the event that the President calls for a new vote.
_	In the event that the President himself ceases, his ministers will leave the post together with him, something completely logical given that the bond of trust between the legislative branch and the executive branch occurs through the figure of the President of the Government, in this way, it is logical that if such a link is broken, all the components of the executive fall with him.
_	In the event that aggregate scores finish level, the away goals rule is applied, i.e. the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs progresses.
_	On 25 October 2011 it emerged that Clerks appointed to the Scottish Affairs Select Committee had raised concerns with the Clerk of Committees, the most senior official, alleging that Ian Davidson (Lab, Glasgow South West) had threatened to inflict "a doing" upon Whiteford, in the event that details of the committee's discussions during a private session were leaked to the media.
_	Southern 500, the 58th running of the event that traces its lineage to the 1957 Rebel 300, was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race held on April 12, 2014, at Darlington Raceway in Darlington, South Carolina.
_	The contract contained no provisions for compensation owed to the Superintendent, in the event that the contract was terminated prior to June 30, 2009
_	This was for the first time in the 17 years history of the event that media was not given free access to cover the forum.
_	After the June 2015 general election resulted in a hung parliament, unsuccessful coalition negotiations raised speculation over whether President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan would call an early election in the event that AKP leader Ahmet Davutoğlu was unable to form a government within the given constitutional time of 45 days.
_	Charlie is already married with two children; Tom is still traumatized by the event that occurred that day.
_	It remains on the auxiliary list of names in the event that another Atlantic hurricane season produces more than 21 named storms.
_	She was also the NCAA outdoor champion in the event that year.
_	Electrocution is also authorized in the event that lethal injection is found unconstitutional by a court.
_	This could take the form of direct provision of insurance to asset-holders against losses or a commitment to purchasing assets in the event that the asset price falls below a threshold.
_	Scoot also announced its intention to fly to additional cities across the country in the event that the Indian aviation sector is liberalised to allow for more than 15 cities to be served by any one airline company.
_	Appleton commented after the event that he was thinking "I can't lose, he needs a miracle" and, that at 12-10, he "started feeling the heat."
_	These workers will assume this helping duty for their entire life, but in the event that the queen goes missing or dies, a worker will readily assume the queen role.
_	If in the event that one of them were to be affected by something, say for example becoming a ghoul, then all of their descendants will also be affected, even those who have since evolved into unique sub elements like the Toxic slugs.
_	If in the event that such a thing were happen then Eli must find all five slugs, de-ghouled, and shoot them all at once which will effectively cure every slug in Slugterra.
_	Golson was so moved by the event that he composed the threnody "I Remember Clifford", as a tribute to a fellow musician and friend.
_	An edited photo of the event was uploaded on facebook on 28 January 2015, covering the event that was held on December 28.
_	In the event that the 4 letter representation of the character is "not" unique, one would type a digit to select the relevant character (for example, if two characters have the same representation, typing 1 would select the first, and 2 the second).
_	A crutch is a medical tool used in the event that one's leg or legs may be injured or unable to support weight.
_	Kee noted that the justifications for the ISA had been fully debated in Parliament on previous occasions, and emphasized that there are safeguards in place to tackle the apparent arbitrariness of detentions under the Act, including a review of each detention by an advisory board composed of a Supreme Court judge and two prominent members of the public, and also the President's personal discretion to order a detainee's release in the event that the advisory board and Home Affairs Minister disagreed over the necessity for the detention.
_	In the event that a team sweeps all the games during the eliminations, it will automatically qualify for the Finals.
_	However, in the same election Oregonians enshrined the so-called "kicker check"—a rebate check given to taxpayers in the event that state revenues sufficiently exceed forecasts—into the state constitution with Measure 86 which passed 62% to 38%.
_	In the event that the all housemates failed to finish the challenge, the housemate with the farthest reach wins immunity.
_	A "year label" was typically attached to a container of goods and included the name of the king, a description or representation of the event that identified the year, and a description of the attached goods.
_	In the event that the Governor of Puerto Rico is traveling away from Puerto Rico, the Attorney General is second in the line of succession, after the Secretary of State.
_	The public bid on and purchased tickets to both play in and attend the event that was held in a private room at the Alcatraz Brewing Company.
_	The third and fourth-placed teams may also qualify if either or both of the winners (or runners-up, in the event that the Irish Cup winners have also finished first or second) of the Irish Cup and League Cup have qualified via the League.
_	In 1988 she was favored to win the 800 metres gold medal as she went undefeated in the event that season, including winning meetings with her 2 main rivals and the Olympic Gold and Silver medalists Sigrun Wodars and Christine Watchel, and favored to win a medal in the 400 metres.
_	Sinclair reported the day after the event that its switchboard had been overwhelmed by enquirers, and it expected that all 2,700 units from the first production run would be sold by the following Monday.
_	The fourth official serves as a replacement official in the event that one of the other officials (referee or assistant referees) cannot continue officiating, usually through injury.
_	In the event that there are a series of linked IEAs within a large marine ecosystem, a collective action to manage the network, such as a marine sanctuary or national monument, may be warranted.
_	The random guess is a fallback method that is used to prevent a devastating loss in the event that the other strategies fail.
_	Here "x" denotes the initial state of the process "X", and E denotes expectation conditional upon the event that "X" starts at "x".
_	In the event that no player checked out in the time allocated for the match, then the winner was the player who achieved the highest score with 3 darts in a sudden-death shootout.
_	In the event that the two teams scored the same number of goals over the two legs, the team that scored more goals away from home qualified for the next round; if both teams scored the same number of away goals, matches would go to extra time and then penalties if the teams could not be separated after extra time.
_	In the event that the article was passed and the country was to go to war, those who had voted for war were the first to be enlisted in the armed forces, those who did not vote were the second group conscripted, and those who voted "No" were the third group.
_	In the event that something happened to "Atlantis" during its flight to service the Hubble Space Telescope, a rescue flight could be performed with "Endeavour".
_	The wide variety of types of buoyancy compensator, diving suits and types of scuba equipment means that it is important for each buddy to understand the other's equipment configuration in the event that one has to help or rescue the other.
_	News reports of these incidents were suppressed overseas, with the causes of the riot not made evident in the few newspaper reports of the event that were published within Australia.
_	In the event that irregularities are discovered on the part of the manufacturer - substitutions of cheaper ingredients or components, deliberate irregularities, or an ingredient or component of a tested system which is no longer be available has been substituted - the listing can be de-activated and the manufacturer asked to remove all logos of the certifier from product literature, promotional materials, packaging, etc.
_	Through the shared services agreement with KJTL, the station may also simulcast long-form severe weather coverage on channel 18 in the event that a tornado warning is issued for any county in its viewing area of southwestern Oklahoma and western north Texas.
_	In the event that both teams were tied at the end of the second round, they returned to the play area for a brief Hidden Pictures round.
_	KTEN-DT3 also airs live newscasts normally seen on channel 10.1 in the event that a sporting event or other special programming delays newscasts seen on the main channel; the newscasts will then also be recorded to be rebroadcast on KTEN after the event.
_	Channel 10 may also simulcast long-form severe weather coverage on KTEN-DT3 in the event that a tornado warning is issued for any county in its viewing area of south-central Oklahoma and far north-central Texas.
_	In the event that students do not directly enter the juvenile system through these policies there are several manners in which they do indirectly.
_	In the event that pegs were lost or damaged, Hasbro provided refills and/or new colors.
_	The relative contribution margin (also referred to as a bottleneck specific contribution margin), shows you the opportunity cost in the event that you decide not to produce the product.
_	President Richard Nixon had speechwriter William Safire prepare a condolence speech for delivery in the event that Armstrong and Aldrin became marooned on the Moon's surface and could not be rescued.
_	In the event that the player struck by the fireball has the jewel when struck, they lose possession of the jewel and it must be placed next to the smolder pit.
_	The Security Council recognised the need to give assurances to non-nuclear weapons states, and that the permanent members of the Council will act, according to relevant provisions in the Charter of the United Nations, in the event that a country is threatened or attacked with nuclear weapons.
_	After Telemundo's agreement with CBS Telenoticias ended the day prior, the network launched two half-hour evening newscasts on January 1, 2000, the nightly general news broadcast "Noticiero Telemundo", which was produced out of Telemundo's Hialeah, Florida headquarters; and the weeknight-only late news program "Noticiero Telemundo Internacional" (the latter program was pre-empted on many of Telemundo's news-producing O&O stations and select affiliates, only airing on affiliates that did not operate their own news department, in the event that a station pre-empted their regular local newscasts during major national holidays or the network's national feed in markets where there was no in-market affiliate), an internationally focused news program produced out of its new bureau in Mexico City.
_	In the event that Canada attempted to occupy the colony, they were worried that Free Norwegian Forces would be stationed in the area.
_	On January 8, 1993, the event that would become infamous as the Brown's Chicken massacre occurred at a Palatine, Illinois, branch.
_	It featured a gondola that was shaped like a boat in the event that he would be forced down at sea — which is precisely what occurred.
_	Filmmaker Corinne McAffee created a documentary short of the event that has received praise from audiences across the country titled #Plant4PeaceSTL
_	In the event that an operator does not wish to manually assign services to shortest paths it is a simple matter for a switch vendor to allow a simple hash of the ISID to one of the available VIDS to give a degree of non-engineered spreading.
_	However, in the event that permission was granted, British warships were only allowed to demand it change course in the name of its flag state, and fire a shot across the bow if it did not work.
_	Erdoğan used the event that took place during the ill-fated Presidential elections a few months earlier as a part of the general election campaign of his party.
_	(In general, the losing team chooses its two players as a team, although in the event that they fail to come to a decision, their opponents make the selection for them.)
_	In the event that an invalid entry (any BCD digit greater than 1001) exists, 6 is added to generate a carry bit and cause the sum to become a valid entry.
_	In the event that two or more teams are tied for one of the top spots in a division, the result of the Division Team Challenge (DTC) is used as a tiebreak.
_	In the event that there is a vacancy in the office of Senate President, or the Senate President declines to become Governor, then the Speaker of the General Assembly shall become Governor until a new Governor or Lieutenant Governor is elected and qualifies.
_	In the event that there is a vacancy in the office of Speaker of the General Assembly, or if the Speaker declines to become Governor, then the functions, powers, duties and emoluments of the office shall devolve for the time being upon such officers and in the order of succession as may be provided by law, until a new Governor or Lieutenant Governor is elected and qualifies.</poem>
_	In the event that Horsens had been chosen to host the contest, the courtyard would have been covered by a permanent glass roof.
_	According to Bott, in the "eight words" couplet originally cited by Valiente, "an" is used correctly, in the Middle English sense of " 'in the event that', or simply 'if' " (as in the Shakespearean "an hadst thou not come to my bed") and thus has no apostrophe.
_	Call waiting allows one call to be suspended while a second call is answered, while call forwarding enables a customer to specify a secondary phone number to which additional calls will be forwarded in the event that the customer is already using the phone.
_	It compares the event that actually happened (hit/out/error) to data on similarly hit balls in the past to determine how much better or worse the fielder did than the "average" player.
_	Act of 2003 and the Catastrophic Health Emergency Powers Act, in the event that a natural or man-made emergency or a catastrophic health emergency occurs or is anticipated in the immediate future, the governor gains emergency powers to better respond to the emergency and combat the threat.
_	In the event that Cuban doctors defect to the United States when they are sent to a "mission" out of Cuba to any foreign country, any children left behind would not be allowed to join their defector parent for a minimum of ten years, even if they had received a foreign visa, and regardless of their age.
_	Rumours began to circulate that Kwinter was planning to defect to the Progressive Conservatives in the event that he was defeated.
_	As Hakann creates a fracas to distract the Toa, Vezok finds the artifact, a tablet named the Makoki Stone, with barely discernible writing detailing the Brotherhood of Makuta, in the event that they would rebel.
_	The German government later gave its approval to these proposals, since it appeared they would only come into play in the event that Germany was in a position to dictate terms at the peace conference.
_	Matthews advised residents to develop an evacuation plan in the event that the city chose to call for evacuations.
_	West to temporarily provide backup to the AMC-11 satellite in the event that AMC-11 could not continue broadcasting whilst it is moved out of the way of the failed Galaxy 15 satellite, which passed close to it at the end of May.
_	In the event that a Chief Justice serves the mandatory ten years as Chief Justice before turning 70, the retired Chief Justice can opt to continue serving as an associate justice, even though this may raise the membership of the court above seven.
_	Divorce has a social stigma among the Fang, and in the event that a woman intends to leave her husband, she is expected to return the goods initially paid to her family.
_	In the event that DoD IA policy and/or required IA controls are updated, eMASS will be updated to support the implementation of DoD's IA program management requirements (e.g., the application will support the transition from IA controls in DoD Instruction 8500.2 to the controls in NIST Special Publication 800-53, revision 3).
_	They assumed that the Empire of Japan was taking measures in the event that their embassies and consulates in enemy territories were usurped.
_	She did not engage the Allied ships, as her orders were to open fire only in the event that the defenses were breached.
_	The miniseries was originally filmed in open matte format, with director Kenneth Johnson stating he had also composed the picture to be more or less "widescreen-safe" in the event that it got an overseas theatrical release (which it did not).
_	On 22 August 2005, the US Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) notified US Congress about a potential Foreign Military Sale (FMS) of weapons, logistics and training in the event that the Boeing F-15 was selected by Singapore.
_	Sunde's lawyer Peter Althin questioned the neutrality and reliability of the preliminary investigation in the event that the investigator had entered the new employment during the investigation, and suspected the job might have been a reward for good work in The Pirate Bay investigation.
_	In November 2014 a large cache of late Cretaceous fossils was discovered in a quarry in Mantua Township, and suspected to be a relic of the event that caused the Extinction of the dinosaurs.
_	There are indications that Saudi Arabia has financially contributed to Pakistan's atomic bomb projects and in return has the option to buy a small nuclear arsenal, an option that would be realized in the event that Iran obtains nuclear warheads.
_	As a part of moving to a seated event, a new rule was created in 1966 to prohibit locks and created the event that is seen today with the exception of a large pit that was still being dug in between the two teams.
_	Several extra recruits were brought to the original basic school and were sent home as alternates, in the event that original members quit or were fired.
_	In the event that the employer is insolvent or no longer in existence, compensation can be sought directly from the insurer under the terms of the Third Parties (Rights against Insurers) Act 2010.
_	In the event that the loan is paid back by the borrower within 24 months of the loan settlement, mortgage brokers are charged a "clawback" fee by the lenders since the loan is considered "unprofitable".
_	However, in the event that the offender does re-offend during the operational period, then the sentence is 'activated' and the offender will serve the suspended sentence along with any sentence given for the new offence.
_	The mortgagee therefore never holds the fee simple, and there is a statutory process for initiating and conducting a mortgagee sale in the event that the mortgagor defaults.
_	In the event that any state or local officer is unavailable following a state of emergency, and in the event a deputy (if any) is also unavailable, the powers of the office are exercised the designated Emergency Interim Successors in the order specified by the state officer.
_	It was the event that raised the public opinion since for various years all the region was shaken by disputes and skirmishes stirred up by the peasants against the nobility, their families, soldiers, servants or their representatives (clashes occurred with Spilimbergo, Maniago, Valvasone, Portogruaro, Colloredo, Tarcento).
_	In the event that China were to face hostile actions from a state or non-state actor, energy imports through the Straits of Malacca could be halted, which in turn would paralyse the Chinese economy in a scenario that is frequently referred to as the "Malacca Dilemma".
_	An emergency meeting was held by the WRU in May 1999, at which the two sides came to an agreement that would see Cardiff and Swansea return to the Welsh Premier Division for the 1999-2000 season, with an agreement that both sides could join the English Premiership for the 2000-01 season in the event that a British league had not been set up.
_	He states, "In the event that you find certain sequences or ideas confusing, please bear in mind that this is your fault, not ours.
_	That performance was recorded in the event that the actual live performance that night was not of suitable quality for release.
_	Her firing from her job at the Lenin Shipyard in Gdańsk in August 1980 was the event that ignited the strike at the shipyard, set off a wave of strikes across Poland, and quickly paralyzed the Baltic coast.
_	In the event that the patient would need to remain face down after surgery, a vitrectomy support system can be rented, to help aid during the recovery time.
_	Later versions of TS 29.060 deprecate GTPv1/v0 interworking such that there is no fallback in the event that the GSN does not support the higher version.
_	People who elect coverage through the group policy receive a 'certificate of credible coverage' which will be necessary to provide to a subsequent insurance company in the event that the individual leaves the company or organization and terminates their coverage."
_	In the meeting chaired by Blatter and attended by General Secretary Jerome Valcke, the rival factions and CAF and NSCZ representatives, the world soccer governing body ruled that Bwalya was the legitimate FAZ president and in the event that some FAZ members wanted to table a motion of no confidence against Bwalya and his Executive Committee, such a motion would have to be presented at the next general council scheduled for 30 April 2011.
_	The feast of the "Dionýsia", originally an Eleutherean festival in celebration of the new wine, was the event that led to the creation of what was then a completely new literary and artistic genre: the theatre; consequently, at the Theatre of Dionysus, the priest of Dionysus Eleuthereus was the principal honoree and his ornate marble throne was center-placed in the front row of the spectator seats.
_	The F/A-18C and F/A-18D were considered by the French Navy ("Marine Nationale") during the 1980s for deployment on their aircraft carriers "Clemenceau" and "Foch" and again in the 1990s for the later nuclear-powered "Charles de Gaulle", in the event that the Dassault Rafale M was not brought into service when originally planned.
_	Although the two domains were traditionally fierce enemies, their leaders agreed that the time was right for a change, and agreed in principle to assist one another in the event that either would be attacked by a third party.
_	Against All Odds featured nine professional wrestling matches and two matches prior to the event that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds and storylines.
_	As the duopoly partner of KNWA, the station may also simulcast long-form severe weather coverage from the NBC affiliate in the event that a tornado warning is issued for any county in its viewing area within northwest Arkansas and east-central Oklahoma.
_	The purpose of a SPA is to allow a company to run or initiate a clinical trial of an experimental drug without fear that the FDA will object to the trial design itself, in the event that the company subsequently applies for product approval.
_	He retained that title the following year with a personal best run of 8:30.16 minutes and also took the Japanese Games title in the event that year.
_	A recent trend is to emphasize the transformational aspect of baptism: instead of describing it as just a legal requirement or sign of something that happened in the past, it is seen as "the event that places the believer 'into Christ' where God does the ongoing work of transformation."
_	Carmi proposed establishing a second Berihah route across Europe in the event that the existing route collapsed.
_	An earlier election was possible in the event that a motion of no confidence in the government was passed by the assembly.
_	By January 27, the Japanese military had already concentrated some 30 ships, 40 airplanes and nearly 7,000 troops around the shoreline of Shanghai to put down any resistance in the event that violence broke out.
_	The 1975 IRA-British truce is often viewed as the event that began the challenge to the original Provisional Sinn Féin leadership, which was dominated by southerners like Ó Brádaigh and Ó Conaill.
_	Players are allowed to use their hands to catch the ball, in the event that it is in the air, but are not allowed to pick it up off the ground.
_	As business transactions and contractual obligations may cross jurisdictional borders within a nation, as well as international borders, both physically and electronically, choice of law issues may arise in the event that it is necessary to interpret the terms of a contract or in the event of litigation over a contract dispute.
_	In the event that one b-boy won multiple championships, the next highest ranked b-boy would qualify.
_	A seven-year-old girl saw someone kill both of her parents, but is so traumatized by the event that she can't remember anything, and Sturgis wants the doctor to help:
_	This last clause secured James's neutrality in the event that Sancho continued to fight the Crusaders.
_	In the event that the thief sold the stolen goods to a third party, all opinions would agree that he may keep it, since it came into hands after the yiush.
_	In the event that more than one individual has been directly and importantly involved in creative decisions, a second statuette may be awarded".
_	In the event that no agreement can be reached to nominate an individual to lead a minority government, the previous Taoiseach (acting in a caretaker capacity) can then seek dissolution of the Dáil and call a new general election.
_	Since the Crew Return Vehicle was designed with medical emergencies in mind, it made sense that the vehicle could find its way home automatically in the event that crew members were incapacitated or injured.
_	The National Criminal Register Information Office provides individuals and employers with disclosure in one of two formats: as an Inquiry about an Individual ("Zapytanie o udzielenie informacji o osobie") in the event that no disclosable convictions are found; or a National Criminal Register's Information about an Individual ("Informacja o osobie z Krajowego Rejestru Karnego") in the event that disclosable information exists.
_	This system ensured that in the event that the minor premiers lost in either the first or second round of the finals, then they would be given a second chance no matter what in what would later become the final premiership decider.
_	The Eclipse Owners Group, representing members of the aircraft type club, announced that they had signed a Letter of Intent with Hawker Beechcraft to provide services in the event that the EOG wins the assets.
_	This was a point also made by George Long in his 1842 Penny Cyclopædia, observing that standard measures had since surpassed the barleycorn definition of the inch, and that to recover the inch measure from its original definition, in the event that the standard measure were destroyed, would involve the measurement of large numbers of barleycorns and taking their average lengths.
_	The team arranged that Bonnett would step aside from the #31 car, in the last minute, in the event that Earnhardt's car, after pre-race inspection, suffered mechanical failure on the grid or during the pace laps.
_	These were difficult times, and the southern coast of England would have found itself on the front line in the event that the much feared invasion of England by the imperial forces of Napoleon Buonaparte had materialized.
_	By the year 2000, primidone was something that was prescribed in the event that the patient had tried all other anticonvulsants and was not a candidate for surgery in the United States.
_	In the event that a public-access television channel becomes filled with programming, a franchise may state that more television channels may be added to satisfy the demand.
_	France 2 has been accused of airing misleading footage of the event that was biased against Israel during the 2008–2009 Gaza conflict.
_	Rosenstein's order authorizes Mueller to bring criminal charges in the event that he discovers any federal crimes.
_	An organization that engages in compliance training typically hopes to accomplish several goals: (1) avoiding and detecting violations by employees that could lead to legal liability for the organization; (2) creating a more hospitable and respectful workplace; (3) laying the groundwork for a partial or complete defense in the event that employee wrongdoing occurs despite the organization's training efforts; and (4) adding business value and a competitive advantage.
_	In the event that one of the lines might become disabled, groundwater stations and locks were built in the urban area.
_	In the event that both the governorship and lieutenant-governorship are vacant, the constitution stipulates that the Senate President pro tempore becomes governor.
_	Video of the event that was captured by a station photographer accompanying reporters Ted Lewis and Gregg Jarrett resulted in public misunderstanding that overpasses provided adequate shelter from tornadoes as it did not take a direct hit from the tornado, experiencing only strong outer winds; the National Weather Service now strongly advises against sheltering under overpasses due to the likelihood of fatalities caused by flying debris, dangers from wind channeling, changes in wind direction and wind speed increases above ground level as the vortex passes, and the lack of girders on most overpasses.
_	The heat was such on the day of the event that competitors lost as much as in weight.
_	His best performance of the year was a personal best of 8:16.96 minutes at the DN Galan, where he placed sixth – this time ranked him twentieth in the world for the event that season.
_	Jeremy's father Howard Adelman was the medical examiner in the event that was made into the movie The Amityville Horror.
_	Shortly thereafter, he was selected fifth overall in the 1997 Canadian Hockey League (CHL) Import Draft by the Portland Winterhawks of the Western Hockey League (WHL), acquiring his major junior rights in the event that he did not immediately stick with the Senators in the NHL.
_	In the event that aggregate scores finish level, the away goals rule is applied, i.e., the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs progresses.
_	Jonathan Blum theorised that perhaps the Council undid the event that turned Dark Sam into Blonde Sam and then arranged for Dark Sam to die instead.
_	In the end, the Green Team wins, and J.D. reveals that the Magic Box contains one free round for them, in the event that they are sent to the Temple of Fate— as another advantage, they can tell the rest of the group whatever they want about it!
_	Monobrain became a criminal mastermind and resurfaced to steal the secret codes that were to be used in the event that the President of Outer Space accidentally locked himself in his walk-in closet.
_	Arth wrote after the event that he was dressed as Robin Hood "to represent the demand of the people for return of the common wealth that was taken from us by the robber barons and their two-party sycophants."
_	The Article also discusses the procedures in the event that a Legislature-proposed amendment is similar to that of an initiative-proposed amendment.
_	She was filling in for Kate Hawkesby (who presented "One News Tonight") on the night of the London Bombings and presented live coverage of the event that night.
_	Provision was made for the ability of the legislature to regulate the immigration into the state of "persons not qualified to become citizens of the United States," thereby allowing legislative restriction of the number of free blacks coming into the state in the event that an outright ban did not achieve majority approval.
_	It added programming content from the national Weather Plus network, along with pre-recorded local weather updates conducted by the station's meteorologists and an "L"-shaped ticker displaying local weather observations and forecasts for cities within the KJRH viewing area; in addition, the subchannel provided supplementary coverage of severe weather events affecting the northeastern Oklahoma viewing area in the event that such coverage did not warrant wall-to-wall carriage on the station's main feed.
_	As an added precaution, it is now mandatory for most large vessels to have a tug in attendance as they transit the bridge in the event that assistance with steerage may be required.
_	In the event that the waste was landfilled, of MSW would produce approximately methane via the anaerobic decomposition of the biodegradable part of the waste.
_	In the event that aggregate scores finish level, the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs progressed.
_	Lugar and fellow Senator Bob Dole, both of whom supporting the arms sale proposal, stated that President Reagan would be crippled in his role in the Middle East peace settlement in the event that he was unable to deliver a reduced arms package to the moderate Arab state.
_	Activities by Exhibitors throughout the event that include press conference, product briefing, product launching and signing ceremonies, as well as cooking demonstrations on the exhibition floor.
_	Under "El Código Negro," a slave could buy his freedom, in the event that his master was willing to sell, by paying the price sought.
_	In the absence of clear orders from the American commander of the Tenth Military District, Brigadier General William Winder, concerning what to do in the event that a retreat was necessary, the defenders fled the field.
_	In the event that no such provincial legislation exists (as is the case in Newfoundland and Labrador) payday loans are limited by usury laws, with any effective (compound) rate of interest charged above 60% per annum considered criminal.
_	In addition, the consolation prize amount also was used for each contestant's square in the event that time ran out during a game, and was counted towards their cash total to determine the day's champion.
_	Treatment includes utilization of prophylactic methods in the event that the patient has been diagnosed with hyperleukocystosis.
_	The money raised was sent directly to the project owner, to protect them in the event that the platform collapsed.
_	A bill was passed calling for convocation of a constitutional convention in the event that Congress refused the appeal of the Legislature for direct election rather than appointment of the Territorial Governor and judges.
_	Karamanlis had stated that in the event that no party should manage to achieve a majority, he would seek a new election.
_	On 13 December 1643 Captain Thomas Sandford and eight soldiers from that army crept into Beeston at night (possibly aided by treachery) and surprised the castle governor, Captain Thomas Steele, who was so shaken by the event that he surrendered on the promise that he would be allowed to march out of the castle with honours.
_	A junior race was added to the event that year.
_	the event that the exponential mechanism outputs some dataset formula_92 such that formula_145.
_	This was controversial since most of the HDP's votes would have been transferred to the AKP in the event that the HDP failed to win above 10% of the vote.
_	Originally, it was decreed that, since the district was outside the city walls, the area could be demolished in the event that the land was needed by the crown or in case of a threatening siege.
_	In the event that they were negative, the family may be given the chance to create and transfer good karma to the deceased’s future life.
_	This was mostly done for insurance in the event that a game was rained out.
_	In the event that no competent layperson is found, the marriage is valid even if done in the presence of two witnesses alone.
_	From 2002, the event that takes place in Verona, Italy evolved into today's Verona Film Festival – Schermi d'Amore.
_	However, in the event that a future hereditary claim is made, it is unlikely that the claim can build off either of the two earlier claims (because neither were recognised by the Lyon Court); consequently, it will be necessary to detail the claim back to 1675 and probably much earlier.
_	It was preserved in alcohol and interred in a lead coffin "in the event that should the United States decide to claim his remains, they might more easily be identified."
_	The Pay Our Military Act () is a United States federal law that appropriates funds for fiscal year 2014 to pay members of the United States Armed Forces in the event that the federal government shut down.
_	Nigeria stated it would not submit to Interpol's demands, agreeing to deliver Taylor to Liberia only in the event that the President of Liberia requested his return.
_	In the event that teams finish on equal points, then a play-off will be used to determine group placings if necessary, i.e. where to decide relegation places or quarter-finalists.
_	He was acquired for his versatility, and in the event that a proposed deal sending shortstop Bill Russell to the Cardinals for outfielder Reggie Smith ever materialized (in which case, second baseman Davey Lopes would move to short, and Sizemore would inherit the second base job).
_	In addition to the cell-like nature of "Section Disparu", which presumably allows the termination of entire SD cells in the event that it is wholly compromised, the Alliance of Twelve is an utterly ruthless organization that constantly suspects and conduct surveillance of even its head members.
_	After the June 2015 general election resulted in a hung parliament, unsuccessful coalition negotiations raised speculation over whether President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan would call an early election in the event that AKP leader Ahmet Davutoğlu was unable to form a government within the given constitutional time of 45 days.
_	In the event that teams finish on equal points, then a play-off will be used to determine group placings if necessary, i.e. where to decide relegation places or quarter-finalists.
_	The Executive Officer's duty is to act as the second in command during the mission and to act as the Commander in the event that the Commander is incapacitated or unavailable.
_	Within hours of the result's announcement, a petition, calling for a second referendum to be held in the event that a result was secured with less than 60% of the vote and on a turnout of less than 75%, attracted tens of thousands of new signatures.
_	Dominique Valbelle proposed that Paneb had not been removed from office until after year 5 of Ramesses III, due to a papyrus dating to that year that listed Paneb's son Aapahte as still working, unlikely in the event that his father was dismissed from his position.
_	Each Voyager space probe carries a gold-plated audio-visual disc in the event that either spacecraft is ever found by intelligent life-forms from other planetary systems.
_	As a result, in the event that Pettis were to win the fight with Holloway, he would be ineligible for the championship, while Holloway was still eligible.
_	The Albany City Council is considering future alternative land uses for what is now the Golden Gate Fields racetrack, which occupies much of the waterfront, in the event that the racetrack closes.
_	In the event that there are joint losers, the winner(s) of the Main Match will nominate the death match player among the losers.
_	This agrees with Marr's reading of the event that Soumagnac only made a telephone call to the military post three days after 30 January, on 2 February.
_	While he is ignorant of the event that took place in the ruins, Irimiás nonetheless bows before them, almost instinctively, as an acknowledgement.
_	It also contains a mutual-assistance pact in the event that one of the empires should be attacked by a third party, or in the event of internal strife.
_	In addition, the R.S. parliament adopted a resolution stating that in the event that a majority of EU and UN states recognise Kosovo's independence, Republika Srpska would cite the Kosovo secession as a precedent and move to hold a referendum on its own constitutional status within Bosnia and Herzegovina.
_	In past the icon was the main icon of the Novgorod Republic and the symbol of Novgorod sovereignty and republicanism due to the event that has glorified the icon.
_	Dower is a provision accorded by law, but traditionally by a husband or his family, to a wife for her support in the event that she should become widowed.
_	Rather than Christ returning invisibly however, they came to view the event that took place on October 22, 1844 as having been quite different.
_	Clay underlined his position, warning that even with Mexico's consent, he would block annexation in the event that substantial sectional opposition existed anywhere in the United States.
_	After the 1912 season, High signed with the Detroit Tigers as insurance in the event that Ty Cobb held out due to a salary dispute.
_	The court also stated that in the event that there was a problem with the Forum, the petition was sufficient and should have been followed, and assigned all costs to the individual impeached directors.
_	Venizelos also threatened to undertake a similar campaign against Muslims that were living in Greece in the event that Ottoman policy didn't change.
_	BUIC sites were alternate control sites in the event that SAGE Direction Centers became disabled and unable to control interceptor aircraft.
_	A two-thirds vote of both chambers of Congress voting separately is required to designate the vice president as acting president in the event that a majority of the Cabinet certifies that the president is "unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office" but the president declares that no such inability exists.
_	For this reason, the Countess encouraged Sophie to pursue an education in the arts from a young age: in the event that she have the need to economically sustain herself.
_	In the event that less than 75% of the race laps are completed by the winner, only half of the points listed in the table are awarded to the drivers and constructors.
_	Kifer's attorneys stated that the differing values were based on the property with the outdated hotel structure on it and the property value in the event that the 1,000-room hotel resort was built.
_	Bush admitted that the order, one he had made at the recommendation of Secretary of State Baker, would likely appease anti-American PLO hardliners that spearheaded the attack and cited this along with the negative effect it would have on peace negotiations as making the move a hard decision to make but insisted discussions between the US and PLO would resume immediately in the event that the PLO condemn the attack and punish the perpetrators.
_	Nigeria is the reserve host for the 2010, 2012 and 2014 tournaments, in the event that any of the host countries fails to meet the requirements established by CAF.
_	The main perceived advantage of Gerber is that it is bid at a lower level and therefore allows for a final contract lower than does Blackwood (in the event that insufficient aces are present).
_	In March 1971, President Yahya Khan finally arrived in Dhaka and chaired a meeting at the Eastern Command HQ where Air Cdre Masud argued in favor of political solution, noting that ""in the prevailing military imbalance, a semi-autonomous East Pakistan was far preferable to the certainty of a military defeat in the event that India decided to intervene"".
_	The raid went as planned in the event that the renewed activity at Sơn Tây noted in aerial reconnaissance photos taken 13 November involved POWs.
_	The court ruled that the event that the defendant conspired about did not have to take place for an offence to have been committed.
_	In the event that a refuse-derived fuel is produced as a by-product then a combustion facility would be required.
_	The British Admiralty decorated Herbert with the DSO and appear to have tried to prevent any recriminations in the event that he was captured by continuing to name the commander of the "Baralong" as being 'Captain William McBride'.
_	Encouraged by her father to go to college before embarking on an acting career, Alexander attended Sarah Lawrence College in Bronxville, New York, where she concentrated on theater, but also studied mathematics with an eye toward computer programming, in the event that she failed as an actress.
_	Another advantage is the elimination of the water deluge system, which is used to cool the missile canister in the event that the missile restraint bolts do not release after rocket motor ignition.
_	The location presented an easily defensible position for the Hohokam of their village in the event that they were attacked by intruders.
_	This project was discussed in 2017 as storage for intermittent power from wind turbines in the event that the Site C Dam was cancelled.
_	He returned to the driver's seat for Steve Schmidt's team at the 1998 U.S. Nationals, but he failed to qualify for the event that he had won nine times previously.
_	In the event that the actor (actress) violates any term or provision of this paragraph, then the Universal Film Manufacturing Company has the right to cancel and annul this contract by giving five (5) days' notice to the actor (actress) of its intention to do so."
_	Let "A" denote the event that a randomly chosen item was made by the "i"th machine (for "i" = 1,2,3).
_	Let "B" denote the event that a randomly chosen item is defective.
_	Extortion is the threat to do something illegal, or the offer to not do something illegal, in the event that goods are not given, primarily using words instead of actions.
_	In the event that the same team wins both half-season championships, they will be the #1 seed, with seeds 2-4 going to the three next-best full-season teams.
_	Amoss as having a knack for "finding, promoting and deploying good editors" coupled with a "low-key management style," in which "he would authorize his lieutenants ... to guide the paper as best we saw fit, and he would intervene ... only in the event that he saw problems."
_	Other salient points of the Bombay plan were an active role by government in deficit financing and planning equitable growth, a transition from an agrarian to an industrialized society, and—in the event that the private sector could not immediately do so—the establishment of critical industries as public sector enterprises while simultaneously ensuring a market for the output through planned purchases.
_	In the event that a state government is unable to function, the Constitution provides for the state to come under the direct control of the central government.
_	In the event that a defender does this, the umpire awards a free kick to the attacking team on the goal-line at the spot where the defender conceded the score.
_	In the event that legislation cannot be directly or practically implemented, the Governor is responsible for bringing about the conditions in which new legislation is compatible with their province.
_	In a stay-behind operation, a country places secret operatives or organisations in its own territory, for use in the event that an enemy occupies that territory.
_	If one numbers the 23 people from 1 to 23, the event that all 23 people have different birthdays is the same as the event that person 2 does not have the same birthday as person 1, and that person 3 does not have the same birthday as either person 1 or person 2, and so on, and finally that person 23 does not have the same birthday as any of persons 1 through 22.
_	That year, the Henley regatta was regarded as the event that came closest to a world championship.
_	In probability theory, the complement of any event "A" is the event [not "A"], i.e. the event that "A" does not occur.
_	And in the event that aspects of crisis management depended on contact with the critical man-on-the-spot, as it did in 1958 when Deputy Under Secretary of State Robert Murphy was dispatched to Lebanon to attempt to defuse the crisis, his instructions came from the Department of State and he reported to the Secretary of State rather than directly to the White House, as became the practice during the height of the Vietnam War.
_	A joint sitting of the federal parliament would still be used to fill a casual vacancy in the representation of any external territory, in the event that such a territory ever gains separate Senate representation.
_	Kite safety systems have become more prevalent in recent years, and today almost all 4 and 5 line kites are used with a safety system designed to remove power from the kite in the event that the user becomes overpowered or loses control of the kite.
_	In the event that, by 31 July 1994, the proposals were not accepted, additional measures would be imposed against UNITA, as indicated in Resolution 864 (1993).
_	In this model, both parties to the trade face the CCP, and all members of the CCP pay into a fund to cover costs in the event that one member defaults.
_	This system also creates backups of the existing drivers, in the event that an error would produce itself and prevent the machine from functioning with the new driver installation.
_	In the event that there is a dural deficiency, a dural substitute may be used to replace this membrane.
_	This was the inaugural South Africa tour and is recognised as the event that coined the phrase "Springboks" as a nickname for the South African team.
_	The 1953 referendum changed the act so that it became possible for a woman to inherit the throne in the event that she has no older or younger brothers, a system known as male-preference cognatic preference primogeniture.
_	Then the event that the series formula_13 converges (to a finite value) is a symmetric event in formula_3, since its occurrence is unchanged under transpositions (for a finite re-ordering, the convergence or divergence of the series—and, indeed, the numerical value of the sum itself—is independent of the order in which we add up the terms).
_	He wrote a 'cold-call' letter to the chairman/President of the Bank registering his interest in the event that they would want to sell.
_	Alternatively, in the event that the footage will be needed very shortly, the short end may not leave the magazine in the first place, but rather be freshly threaded through the magazine as if it were a new roll.
_	In the event that law enforcement entities cannot execute the law, the governor, acting as Commander-in-Chief of Oklahoma's state militia, may call out the Oklahoma National Guard to "execute the laws, protect the public health, suppress insurrection, and repel invasion."
_	Every year, the international half-marathon of Cobán is held during the month of May; 4,000 runners gather in Cobán to take part of the event that has become the landmark event for the region.
_	In the event that all of the bids do not satisfy the needs of the owner, whether for financial reasons or otherwise, the owner may choose to reject all bids.
_	President and Chief Executive of Volvo Cars Håkan Samuelsson went further urging "regulators to work closely with car makers to solve controversial outstanding issues such as questions over legal liability in the event that a self-driving car is involved in a crash or hacked by a criminal third party."
_	In the event that the male line died out the throne would pass to King Maximilian I Joseph of Bavaria.
_	He wished to maintain his and his family's Imperial status in the event that the Holy Roman Empire should be dissolved, as it indeed was in 1806 when an Austrian-led army suffered a humiliating defeat at the Battle of Austerlitz.
_	Simultaneously, Apple was ordered to post a US$95.6 million bond in the event that Samsung prevailed at trial.
_	In the event that a bowler is injured, or is sent out of the attack by the umpire (for disciplinary reasons, such as bowling beamers), during the middle of an over, a teammate completes any remaining deliveries.
_	This event is not only a celebration of the previous year's achievements but also the event that passes the torch to the next generation of LHB by the presentation of scholarships and traditional honors such as:
_	The band intended for "Revenge" to be their independently released debut album in the event that no major record label would sign them.
_	He was present at the liberation of Paris and made many sketches of the event that were featured in periodicals of the time.
_	Indeed, it is only in the event that the national authorities offer grounds for justification that the Court can be satisfied, taking into account the presence or the absence of a common approach, that they are better placed than it is to deal effectively with the matter
_	KTBS may simulcast its long-form severe weather coverage on KTBS-DT2 and/or KPXJ in the event that a tornado warning is issued for any county in its Ark-La-Tex viewing area.
_	Simba, the last surviving lion of the pride, follows the chained Ursus to Ajak's city, trying to remain close to Ursus in the event that an opportunity to help him arises.
_	Edmonds hoped that the volume would have educational use, in the event that Britain would again occupy foreign lands and that
_	Legal amendments introduced in 1998 allowed for these elections to be held together with European Parliament elections, in the event that they were scheduled for within a four month-timespan.
_	It was the slowest winning time since the 1912 race, and the third time in the history of the event that one or both of the crews sank (in the 1859 and 1912 races).
_	The non-partisan primary was held on May 17, 2016, with a November 8 runoff scheduled in the event that no candidate received a simple majority.
_	As a result, in the event that Romero won the fight with Rockhold, he would be ineligible for the championship, while the latter was still eligible.
_	In the event that WXIN loses its Fox affiliation, the station may return to independent status.
_	Lincoln scholar Harold Holzer called the Cooper Union address "Lincoln's watershed, the event that transformed him from a regional leader into a national phenomenon.
_	Born on September 19, 1867, as seventeenth (and posthumous) son of Prince Fushimi Kuniie, head of the Fushimi-no-miya, one of the "shinnōke" branches of the Imperial Family of Japan, which were eligible to succeed to the Chrysanthemum Throne in the event that the main line should die out.
_	In the event that a consensus cannot be reached then the facilitator would assist the group in understanding the differences that divide it.
_	According to the historian Dionysius of Halicarnassus, into this gap stepped Sextus Tarquinius (unless previously assassinated at Gabii), whose rape of Lucretia had been the event that triggered the revolution.
_	Removing the androids from Cell's body previously could cause him to revert to a prior form, though his body has been shown to remember the biological makeup of a transformation in the event that it no longer can be achieved with the subject inside of him and he has had it previously.
_	According to resolution 2059, the Council would only consider more extensions "in the event that the Secretary-General reports and the Security Council confirms the cessation of the use of heavy weapons and a reduction in the level of violence sufficient by all sides" to allow UNSMIS to implement its mandate.
_	The Vigilance Committee of Montmartre, well prepared for the much expected popular revolution, played a crucial role in the successful defense of the cannon stored on the Butte Montmartre, the event that ignited the civil war and the subsequent establishment of the Commune.
_	However, the deposition of the Sultan Mustafa I and the succession of Murad IV to the throne, as well as the political chaos around the event that occurred before Ibrahim Pasha arrived back in Constantinople, allowed him to keep the money.
_	In this application, A and B are contexts, X is the event that the next bit or symbol of the data to be compressed has a particular value, and P(X|A) and P(X|B) are the probability estimates by two independent models.
_	This is accomplished by designating specific servers as a 'backup' that is activated automatically by the ADN in the event that the primary server(s) in the pool fail.
_	Barney asserted that he had developed a sort of "mental block" and that he suspected there were some portions of the event that he did not wish to remember.
_	In the event that no candidate wins a simple majority of the popular vote, a run-off election is held between the two leading candidates within a period of two months.
_	That year, the Henley regatta was regarded as the event that came closest to a world championship.
_	In the event that it is necessary to reconstruct a PACS partially or completely, some means of rapidly transferring data back to the PACS is required, preferably while the PACS continues to operate.
_	Neither of these creditors has a security agreement - their only method of recovering their money in the event that the debtor defaults on the loan is through the judicial system, whereas the secured creditor can simply repossess the car at his option (This is called self-help repossession and is completely legal provided the secured creditor does not breach the peace in doing so).
_	Article 86 provides that, in the event that there are no descendants of King Leopold I, the King can name a successor with the consent of both Chambers of the Federal Parliament.
_	Article 95 stipulates that, in the event that the throne is vacant, the United Chambers meet to provisionally provide for the regency.
_	A "hiding place" behind the closet in the master bedroom was available as a temporary emergency shelter for the airmen in the event that her home was searched by the Nazis.
_	They were periodically retrained for deployment in the event that they were mobilised for active service.
_	The New Zealand Government had agreed in April for its soldiers on Convoy US 3 to be sent to the UK in the event that that the ships were unable to enter the Red Sea.
_	In the event that the economic climate continues to preclude the implementation of the stadium, the option includes provisions for the City to consider allowing retail on the stadium site.
_	If these were Yan's intentions they were successful, as Chiang assured Yan that he would defend Shanxi with his army in the event that it was invaded.
_	Browder made his final trip to the USSR in October 1938, where he made arrangements with Comintern chief Georgi Dimitrov to establish shortwave radio communications in the event that international conflict made direct communication impossible.
_	They allow an individual to figuratively travel back in time to remember the event that took place at that particular time and place.
_	Article 12 of the Rome Statute provides jurisdiction over the citizens of non-contracting states in the event that they are accused of committing crimes in the territory of one of the state parties.
_	It was first used during the May Revolution, the event that began the Argentine War of Independence.
_	The independence asserted here is "conditional" independence, i.e. the Bernoulli random variables in the sequence are conditionally independent given the event that "p" = 2/3, and are conditionally independent given the event that "p" = 9/10. But they are not unconditionally independent; they are positively correlated.
_	DeCoursey and fellow journalist Albert J. Neri began planning a book about Ridge and contracted with an agent to pursue a book deal in the event that he was selected.
_	In the event that the conductor fails, another CobraNet device will be chosen to become the conductor within milliseconds.
_	The election saw some confusion as the National Liberals claimed the official mantle of Liberalism; Evans, who faced a Liberal opponent, demanded that the electors were informed whether their Liberal candidate would back Conservatives or Labour in the event that the Liberals held the balance of power.
_	Claire tells Betty that she plans to leave the country for Italy that very night, but before she goes she has to know that in the event that Bradford dies he has not changed his will to leave the company to Wilhelmina.
_	In the event that a state opts out of the federal exemptions, the exemptions are provided for the particular exemption laws of the state with the application with certain federal exemptions.
_	In the event that a leading athlete does not hold the standard, or an athlete withdraws, the next highest finishing athlete with the standard will be selected instead.
_	From this date and for the next 29 1/2 years, until 24 July 1990, SAC would maintain at least one Looking Glass aircraft continuously aloft 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, with an embarked SAC general officer and battle staff, ready to assume command of all strategic nuclear strike forces in the event that SAC headquarters was destroyed in a Soviet first strike.
_	According to Cassius Dio Sextus Julius Severus was the best Hadrian's general who suppressed the Jewish rebellion (Bar Kokhba revolt) in Judaea A.D. 135, the event that marked the beginning of the Jewish diaspora.
_	Later, he said "I'd rather have had it for a score, but I was much more moved by the event that I ever thought I would be.
_	In the event that a hiltless ("sans" crossguard) knife is used (e.g. the balisong or sgian dubh), it is advised that one "cap" the pommel with one's thumb to prevent slippage of one's hand up onto the blade upon impact with a solid object (e.g. bone) -- although, as with the much touted "sabre" and "commando" grips, failure to securely wrap the thumb around the grip will result in a greatly increased likelihood of droppage.
_	The direct realist theory of speech perception (mostly associated with Carol Fowler) is a part of the more general theory of direct realism, which postulates that perception allows us to have direct awareness of the world because it involves direct recovery of the distal source of the event that is perceived.
_	The Foreign Affairs Directorate (FAD) of the NSA is responsible for these partnerships, which, according to Snowden, are organized such that foreign governments can "insulate their political leaders" from public outrage in the event that these global surveillance partnerships are leaked.
_	In the event that the host was destroyed, the Thousand can find a new host.
_	Berkman's plan was to assassinate Frick and then kill himself; Goldman was to explain Berkman's motives after his death; and Aronstam was to follow Berkman in the event that he failed in his mission.
_	The Trans Am Bike Race started in 2014 and is the event that is most similar to the Transcontinental Race because it uses roads; however, the route is fixed and uses the TransAmerica Trail, which was developed by the Adventure Cycling Association and runs from the Pacific coast in Oregon, USA, to the Atlantic Coast in Virginia.
_	Tax credits are not refundable in the event that they exceed the amount of tax due, but may be carried forward within a year.
_	Featured Events (which shows viewers highlights of live and upcoming events available on WatchESPN), Stats (which features statistics from the streamed event), the Chat 140 section (which allows fans to discussion the events with other fans), and Facebook connect (which connects fans to their Facebook profile and allows them to both post about the event that they are watching on their wall and discuss the event with other Facebook fans).
_	To mitigate this risk, non-profit owners often establish a reserve account to cover capital expenditures in the event that a property does not generate enough income to cover maintenance costs.
_	Furthermore, in the event that debt service cannot be covered, the lender can foreclose on the property, taking the affordable units off of the market and hurting the mission of the non-profit.
_	The station is considered an alternate CBS affiliate, and as such, KBCW may air CBS network programs as time permits in the event that KPIX is unable to in the event of extended breaking news coverage or special event programming, such as San Francisco 49ers preseason games; the "CBS Dream Team" Saturday morning children's block, for example, airs on KBCW due to live CBS Sports coverage on KPIX that airs on the network in the early afternoon in the Eastern Time Zone (the "Dream Team" block would itself pre-empt The CW's "One Magnificent Morning" block).
_	where a "true negative" is the event that the test makes a negative prediction, and the subject has a negative result under the gold standard, and a "false negative" is the event that the test makes a negative prediction, and the subject has a positive result under the gold standard.
_	The amphitheatre is host to many of Edmonton's festivals, including the Freewill Shakespeare Festival, Rockfest, Edmonton's Labatt Blues Festival, the Symphony Under the Sky Festival (Run by the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra), the Edmonton Heritage Festival (the event that gave the Heritage Amphitheatre its name), and the Interstellar Rodeo Festival.
_	In 1941–42 the Haganah was preparing a last stand in the event that the British would retreat from the German army as far as Syria and Iraq.
_	In the event that the two are equal, we call their common value the s-density of formula_1 at "a" and denote it formula_9.
_	They were issued to pilots, to be used as foraging ammunition in the event that they were shot down.
_	The main purposes of a down payment are to ensure that the lending institution has enough capital to create money for a loan in fractional reserve banking systems and to recover some of the balance due on the loan in the event that the borrower defaults.
_	Cawston justified his selection by winning the event that Tisdall had won the previous two years.
_	It was announced during the event that Chuck Liddell would fight PRIDE star Wanderlei Silva in November if Liddell won his upcoming match against Renato "Babalu" Sobral at "UFC 62".
_	In the event that happens "for any reason," however, those personnel "shall be immediately handed over to United States forces authorities."
_	Two of Bank’s Multiboards were taken on Bruce Brown's film epic, The Endless Summer in the event that small planes were unable to transport the long boards used in the movie.
_	WIS airs the entire NBC network schedule, which is aired in pattern; however as with most NBC affiliates, the station occasionally airs one hour of its "The More You Know" block on Saturday mornings prior to the station's weekend morning newscast in the event that NBC schedules a sports event during the noon hour on that day.
_	The Space Shuttle has, in addition to its redundant set of four digital computers running its primary flight-control software, a fifth back-up computer running a separately developed, reduced-function, software flight-control system – one that can be commanded to take over in the event that a fault ever affects all of the computers in the other four.
_	In December 2009, the Manning administration offered ready and willing support to Jamaica from the PSF in the event that more money was needed to meet the requirements for a loan from the International Monetary Fund.
_	It said that she was still determined to grab the VVD leadership, possibly right after the March provincial 2007 elections, in the event that her opponent Rutte again performed poorly.
_	This provision would still be used to fill a casual vacancy in the representation of any external territory, in the event that such a territory ever gained separate Senate representation.
_	In the event that teams are tied on points, the first tiebreaker is head-to-head record.
_	Creecy said a handbook had been compiled to help teachers and parents deal with Satanism which included signs to look out for and guidance in the event that a child is suspected of being involved in the occult.
_	In addition, the DMCA extends protection to those who copy a program for maintenance, repair or backup as long as these copies are "destroyed in the event that continued possession of the computer program should cease to be rightful."
_	In the event that the rate of trench retreat is greater than that of the island arc complex's progression, trench rollback will take place, and by consequence, extension of the overriding plate will occur to allow the island arc complex to match the trench retreat's speed.
_	Article 61 outlines conditions where consent by the suspect is not required, whereas paragraph 8(b) suggests that consent "is" required in the event that the device is unapproved (and known by the suspect to be unapproved), and should the suspect therefore refuse on this basis, then the suspect would not ""commit the offence of obstructing a police officer"".
_	Reiterating that he would win with at least 70% of the votes, Chávez said that he had created a civil-military command to neutralize any "destabilization plans" in the event that the opposition did not recognise the results.
_	It takes more than 650 truckloads of dirt to build the course for the event that around 50,000 spectators attend.
_	The school's Board of Regents held its first meeting in March 1865, which is the event that KU dates its founding from.
_	Matching the expectations Hungary won the draw with only one setback on the event that is Rahnasto defeating József Krocskó.
_	In the event that the meeting was found to be unlawful, they could order its participants to disperse; anyone who ignored such an order was liable to be punished with up to seven years of transportation.
_	Clijsters said at the event that she had been practicing for a month and had started to feel good again at the start of February.
_	It accused the players of a "complete fabrication intended to serve as an excuse in the event that they lose" Saturday's key decider for next year's World Cup finals in South Africa.
_	In the event that a member State's court is reviewing the application or interpretation of the Treaty, it may request the Courts' opinion on the matter.
_	Many artists, including Ayumi Hamasaki, said that they would also move in the event that he did so.
_	For a maintenance renewal, some manufacturers charge a reinstatement (reinstallment) fee retroactively per month, in the event that the current maintenance has expired.
_	If a night auditor works at a front desk alone, it is likely necessary for that employee to know about local information, events, and other hotels in the area, in the event that a guest makes those kinds of inquiries.
_	In the event that aggregate scores finish level, the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs will progress.
_	Before his death, Tom Clarke, first signatory of the 1916 Proclamation and widely considered the Rising's foremost organiser, had designated his wife Kathleen Clarke as the official caretaker of Rising official business, in the event that the leadership did not survive.
_	The public indecency charge was dropped on January 15, 1998 when Judge Francis Gorman of the Toledo Municipal Court ruled that the statute of limitations had expired for the event that allegedly occurred two years prior.
_	The old power plant only serves as a backup system in the event that power from solar and wind power plant can not be generated over a longer time because of bad weather.
_	Due to the disarray of the Republican Ascendency brought about by amalgamation, fears abounded among Southerners that a Free State party might take shape in the event that Congress failed to reach an understanding over Missouri and slavery:
_	The statutes concerning use of force in Missouri included the stipulation that police officers could use deadly force to stop a fleeing suspect of a felony including the event that the felony was not of a violent nature, such as a crime against property.
_	In 1929, with "Temps et Verbe", he described how the systems of aspect, mood and tense operate to produce an image of time proper to the event that is expressed by a verb in a sentence.
_	The Defence Force Reserves is capable of providing reinforcement and be a force multiplier in the event that the Defence Force is called upon to carry out its roles of aid to the civil power.
_	The message could also serve as an emergency channel to the skiers in the event that all other radio links failed.
_	In the event that they are not approved, the extension of the previous year's budget is foreseen.
_	In the event that the two "a posteriori" probabilities are equal, one might choose to default to a single choice (either always choose "H1" or always choose "H2"), or might randomly select either "H1" or "H2".
_	The flight data recorders were the key pieces of evidence sought by both governments, with the United States insisting that an independent observer from the ICAO be present on one of its search vessels in the event that they were found.
_	The luxury-oriented models—SE and Elite—featured higher equipment: seats were covered in velour trim with the driver's seat being seven-way adjustable (instead of four-way); lumbar support for driver and passenger; rear integrated headrests and folding centre armrest with boot access; map lights and remote boot release; power windows, central locking and alloy wheels (standard on Elite and optional on SE); metallic paint standard (two-tone standard on Elite and single-tone optional on Elite and SE); radio/cassette players (featuring a novel security system that would make the unit completely inoperable in the event that its power was disconnected) with the Elite also adding a rear quarter panel electric antenna, separate equaliser and steering wheel controls.
_	Medic 46 from Hanover Hospital provides ALS care in 52 box areas or in the event that Station 7's ambulance is unavailable.
_	The arrest of Alejo Sabaraín while he was trying to escape to Casanare was the event that allowed the royalists to arrest La Pola; he was apprehended with a list of Royalist and Patriots given to him by Policarpa.
_	It turns out that the New Avengers were contacted by Rick Jones through a pre-recorded video that was to be sent to them in the event that the alien nanobots he ingested noticed him being unconscious.
_	A mandatory game, the "Muss" ("Must") is the most common variant in tournaments in the event that all four players pass.
_	In the event that you are disgruntled or angry with a person, it is best to discuss the matter privately.
_	In the event that the offender still has the stolen property the court will make a restitution order for the return of the goods to the victim.
_	In the event that the vice-president, a state governor or a minister is elected President, they are considered to have vacated their previous office on the date they begin serving as President.
_	In the event that teams finish on equal points, then a play-off will be used to determine group placings if necessary, i.e. where to decide relegation places or quarter-finalists.
_	In the event that a DP adopts phi features from v from predication, then there should be a clear distinction.
_	In the event that RPS is unable to scram the reactor for any reason, the SLCS will inject a liquid boron solution into the reactor vessel to bring it to a guaranteed shutdown state prior to exceeding any containment or reactor vessel limits.
_	The tournament's website describes the atmosphere at the event that year: "There was wild excitement in a packed stadium when Kiwi Brian Fairlie pulled off an upset win over Newcombe in five hard-fought sets.
_	In the event that either the display or the pen malfunctions, contestants can use an index card and a marker to manually write their response and wager.
_	In the event that a group of candidates contesting in a GRC is offered an NCMP seat, the group must decide within seven days the person or persons to be declared elected as NCMPs and notify the returning officer.
_	(In the event that measurements are recorded using any other logarithmic base, b, their standard deviation formula_15 is converted to base e using formula_16, and the formula for formula_17 remains the same.)
_	Hubbard also considered using a front group, the United Churches of Florida, to "preserve the assets of Scientology" in the event that the church lost its fight with the IRS.
_	Points for sweeps are awarded after the base 11 points, in the event that two players reach 21 in the same round.
_	In the event that the parties have a tie in number of members, the speaker and other officers are elected from the party who holds the governor's office.
_	It is the event that differentiates Christianity from every other religion.
_	These candidates could only theoretically have been elected in the unlikely event of a successful write-in campaign, or in the event that no candidate received at least 270 electoral votes.
_	The unrated bonds were backed by the Ark Encounter's projected future revenues, but the city was not liable for repaying them in the event that the revenues didn't materialize.
_	To reduce this risk, the law has devised a process which offers some protection to the lender, so that he may recover the money he is owed in the event that the borrower does not meet his obligations.
_	Utilizing a principal agent as a cut-out, and ensuring that the human agent network is organized in a cellular fashion, can provide some protection for other agents in the network, as well as for the principal agent, and for the case officer in the event that an agent in the network is compromised.
_	In the event that the Fund and other sources of capital are insufficient, the FDIC is authorized to buy and sell securities on behalf of the company (or companies) in receivership to raise additional capital.
_	In the event that the turn-up card is a Wenzel (black jack), the dealer automatically becomes soloist with the card's natural suit as trumps.
_	The upper cofferdam was high, and it alone could store several million acre-feet of water to protect the dam site from flooding in the event that inflows exceeded the capacity of the diversion tunnels.
_	The is the oldest of the four shinnōke, branches of the Imperial Family of Japan which were eligible to succeed to the Chrysanthemum Throne in the event that the main line should die out.
_	They decided to use population as a determinant of votes in the House of Representatives, but the three fifths compromise that had taken place a year earlier before this paper was the event that sparked controversy between states, men, and political parties.
_	In the fantastic uncanny, the event that occurs is actually an illusion of some sort.
_	However, sparrowhawks occasionally have more than 1 nest at a time, or they can readily build a new nest, so, in the event that one is usurped by an Egyptian goose, the pair will sometimes start breeding again in a nearby alternative nest; or they might wait until the geese have left the nest with their goslings, or they abandon breeding for that year.
_	The brake system included a vacuum reserve tank to preserve braking in the event that the engine stalled.
_	In the event that a Paramedic is not available or required, the EMT in charge is responsible until such time that the patient or incident can be transferred to a higher level of care or command.
_	One possible hope is the phenomenon of hemispheric shift, where functions normally performed by one hemisphere can shift to the other in the event that the first is damaged.
_	In the event that aggregate scores finish level, the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs will progress.
_	Conover showed his potential running for Miramonte High School in Orinda, California, finishing 5th at the CIF California State Meet in the 2 mile behind Jeff Nelson just a year before Nelson would set the record in the event that would last almost 30 years.
_	This allows the SAW gunner to use a rifleman's magazines as an emergency source of ammunition in the event that he runs out of linked rounds.
_	This feature eliminates the critical engine and makes the aircraft more controllable in the event that an engine needs to be shut down or fails.
_	Every President of the United States since 1953 has spoken at the event that is attended by more than 3,500 dignitaries and is carried live on C-SPAN.
_	The steel skeleton tower, known as the Buxton Woods Tower, was retained by the Coast Guard in the event that the brick tower again became endangered by erosion requiring that the light again be moved.
_	Even in the event that STs do not lead to lower cost approaches to power generation, they are still lower cost in general; this makes them attractive devices for studying plasma physics, or as high-energy neutron sources.
_	Furthermore, there is a duty upon medical professionals to keep patients alive unless to do so would be contrary to the patient's best interests based on professional medical opinion (the Bolam Test), taking into account their quality of life in the event that treatment is continued.
_	Heston later said that his support for Goldwater was the event that helped turn him against gun control laws.
_	Provision was also made for the forfeiture of the award in the event that a recipient was later convicted of a criminal offence.
_	The advice may interact with the rest system through a join point instance containing reflective information on the context of the event that triggered the advice, such as the arguments of a method call or the target instance of a call.
_	In the event that the loss is less than 6 dB or is negative (i.e., gain), this A-value should be discarded.
_	By 2000, he was so at home with the event that he even brought his own executive chair with him, wheeling it from board to board for maximum comfort.
_	Based on this rationale, Maria purports to have the strongest legal claim to the Russian throne in the event that Russia ever restores its monarchy.
_	Kubelka named the film after Rainer as thanks for sponsoring the project and as a "compromise" in the event that he was disillusioned with the result.
_	NBC had ordered several low-cost reality television shows for the 2011–12 TV season in the event that Sunday Night Football could not be played, but other networks had not made public any contingency plans in the event NFL games could not be televised (in the case of CBS and Fox, the Sunday afternoon time slots could have been left unfilled and turned over to the affiliates, likely to be used for time buys by minor and extreme sports organizations, or locally programmed infomercials or movies as they are during the offseason).
_	In the event that a Fox affiliate—or in some cases, an O&O of the network—opted not to carry 4Kids TV, the block then became available for the local broadcast rights to be acquired by another television station.
_	After hanging up, Ted argues with Robin about his ability to be an effective best man, especially in the event that Punchy gets cold feet.
_	In the event that the elected deputies from the opposition do not take up their seats, according to the electoral law those seats would be reassigned to parties that received more than 5% of the vote.
_	Finally, in the event that the king failed to abide by the laws of the state, or tried to limit or question nobles’ privileges, they had the right to refuse the king’s commands, and to oppose him by force of arms.
_	Consequently, General Oshima in Seoul and commanders of the Japanese warships in Korean waters received orders allowing them to initiate military operations in the event that any more Chinese troops were sent to Korea.
_	In the event that monetary policy is dedicated to avoiding both, it will merely end up incurring both".
_	This system ensured that in the event that the minor premiers lost in either the first or second round of the finals, then regardless they would be given a second chance in a premiership decider.
_	It was ordered to prepare for war in the event that negotiations with the United States did not succeed in peacefully meeting Japanese objectives.
_	A "trigger mechanism" was included in the bill to enact $1.2 trillion in automatic spending cuts in the event that the committee could not agree on a recommendation or the full Congress failed to pass it.
_	From the above analysis, we calculate the probability of the event that the decoded codeword plus the channel noise is not the same as the original message sent.
_	In the event that the patient initially presents stabbing injuries and is unstable, laparotomy should be initiated to discover and rectify any internal injury.
_	(TASZ announced that it would provide Hungarian gay organizations with legal services in the event that they chose to file a lawsuit against the BRFK for banning the parade, noting that the Budapest police routinely closes Andrássy Avenue to vehicle traffic for weekend events, most recently for the National Gallop equestrian show held on the weekend of May 31-June 1, 2008.)
_	The only contemporaneously recorded instance of an intervention, rather than interference, concerned Lord Goddard, the Lord Chief Justice who had proposed to Devlin that, in the event that Adams was acquitted in the Morrell case, he should be granted bail before the second charge, that of Mrs Hullett, was heard.
_	In the event that neither team scores, the hammer remains with the same team.
_	The settlement also held the defendants potentially liable for $1.9 million in the event that they misrepresented their finances.
_	Knesebeck was instructed to get Austrian approval for a Russo-Prussian agreement and a Prussian exit from the war in the event that the Austrians were unwilling at that moment to abandon Napoleon.
_	During the recording of the meal, which began after the technician left the restaurant, Sánchez-Camacho declared "Vicky, in the event that we could now do something with all of this, this meal has never happened.",
_	This second squadron was stocked with coal and ammunition in the event that it would need to reinforce the squadron at Smryna.
_	As a result, in the event that Pettis were to win the fight with Holloway, he would be ineligible for the UFC championship.
_	The focus attracts the attention to an element of the event that is considered to be unknown, or it may be a refutation to a possible opposing belief.
_	In the event that a section of the first trench system was captured, a "switch" trench would be dug to connect the second trench system to the still-held section of the first.
_	"In" options start their lives worthless and only become active in the event that a predetermined knock-in barrier price is breached.
_	"Out" options start their lives active and become null and void in the event that a certain knock-out barrier price is breached.
_	In the event that a vacancy occurs before the expiration of a director's term, an individual is appointed by the remaining directors to fill the seat until the next association annual meeting at which time an election is held for the remainder of the unexpired term.
_	This exhibition, and two additional exhibitions held in “Ha-Ohel” before 1928, was perceived by Israeli art critics as the event that established the hegemony of Tel Aviv in the country’s cultural life.
_	After the June 2015 general election resulted in a hung parliament, unsuccessful coalition negotiations raised speculation over whether President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan would call an early election in the event that AKP leader Ahmet Davutoğlu was unable to form a government within the given constitutional time of 45 days.
_	Bautista was so dehydrated after the event that he had to drink ten cans of soft drink before he could produce enough urine for the drug test that he had to take.
_	BUIC sites were alternate control sites in the event that SAGE Direction Centers became disabled and unable to control interceptor aircraft.
_	The vice president assumes the presidency of the Federative Republic of Brazil in the event that the president can not carry out their duties.
_	In April 1949, during a debate on renewal of the Marshall Plan bill, Taft stated the US could see either a tax increase or budget deficit in the event that foreign aid and other government spending were not reduced.
_	In the event that more than one league champion meets the criteria, only one will be promoted, to be decided by a play-off or series of play-offs.
_	In the event that the receiver clamp is loosened slightly, it is possible the plate would be able to slide out of the receiver completely.
_	Though the last of the slaves weren't freed until June 19th, the surrender at Appomattox is the event that would hammer the final nail in slavery's coffin.
_	In the event that aggregate scores finish level, the away goals rule is applied, i.e. the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs progresses.
_	The State Department, however, was concerned about the possibility of sectarian war in the event that Saddam was overthrown.
_	Jim tells those witnessing the event that Edward is attacking Kevin, and he tries attacking Edward.
_	It was at the event that he was attacked by "The Statement" Elia Markopoulos, a third member of The Crown Jewels, while arguing with former manager Tony Ulysses during a backstage promo.
_	The Chief Signal Officer continued restrictions on development and acquisition of aircraft that were perceived by the young aviators as detrimental to flying safety and likely to prevent the Aviation Section from providing aviation support to the Army comparable to that of the European powers in the event that the United States was drawn into the war.
_	Research conducted by Malamuth found that men raised in the absence of their father (or where resources were scarce) reported more use of sexual coercion in the past, and were more likely to indicate being more willing to rape, in the event that there was no chance of them getting caught.
_	In the event that the Mayor cannot preside over a City Council meeting, the Vice-Mayor is the presiding officer of the meeting until such time as the Mayor returns to his/her seat.
_	In the event that an agreement could not be reached between the drafting club and an out-of-contract player, the drafting club held the right of first refusal for that player in MLS.
_	After clearing his name from the event that forced him to quit his job in "Apollo Justice", Wright regains his license and once again takes to the courts in "Dual Destinies".
_	It is extremely important that, in the event that a player amasses 7 flower tiles, he "must" declare that he demands an inspection of everyone's hidden hand at the end of the game and describe the 'Pao'(包"bāo") condition in this scenario which is described below.
_	The Foreign Affairs Directorate (FAD) of the NSA is responsible for these partnerships, which, according to Snowden, are organized such that foreign governments can "insulate their political leaders" from public outrage in the event that these global surveillance partnerships are leaked.
_	The 1945 Constitution: The Vice-President replaces the President in the event that the President dies, resigns, or is unable to perform his/her duties for any reason.
_	He left the unentailed portion of his Irish estates to his daughter in the event that George died without heirs, a contingency that came to pass in 1807.
_	First they were asked what was the event that would like to repeat and any they would not like to.
_	The Council decided in addition that, in the event that such a project of unification went unrealized, it would join the state as a part of the Serbian people's land.
_	In the event that the final card dealt (exposed) is itself a queen, then all queens are wild.
_	In the event that an inertial trigger does not toggle to the second barrel when firing low recoil shotshells, manually selecting the order to the second barrel will enable the second barrel to fire when the trigger is depressed again.
_	Second, to seek cost effective factors either up or down stream of the event that produce better results at sustainably reduced costs.
_	Further accusations, and hints of accusations, followed, including the suggestion that the murder of Sergey Kirov in 1934, the event that sparked the Great Terror, could be included in the list of Stalin's crimes.
_	By an earlier Act of Parliament, it had been placed in trust for the use of Queen Charlotte in the event that her husband the King predecease her.
_	Although it received some visitors during the summer, the origins of the winter resort only date back to September 1864, when St. Moritz hotel pioneer Caspar Badrutt made a wager with four British summer guests: they should return in winter and, in the event that the village was not to their liking, he would reimburse their travel costs.
