_	[Some licensees] were no doubt in part motivated not only by the desire to make closed-edge board and to settle or avoid litigation, but also by the expectation that the exercise of its price fixing right by USG as licensor would result in a price advance.
_	Montgomery said that his party switch was not particularly motivated by opposition to the Democrats but the expectation that he could more easily win the state Senate seat as a Republican than as a Democrat.
_	This offensive was believed to be much more difficult than the previous Finnish offensives due to the relatively unfamiliar terrain, wide front of advance and the expectation that Soviet reinforcements would be sent to protect the Murmansk railway.
_	Paul Martin delayed calling the by-election, in the expectation that a general election would soon be called.
_	G1 chips do not search for page table entries, but they do generate the hash, with the expectation that an OS will search the standard hash table via software.
_	The venture was originally aimed at ocean ranching, where juvenile salmon would be released into the sea with the expectation that some would return as adults.
_	So the premise of "Conan O'Brien Hates My Homeland" is that O'Brien, in an effort to find out where else the show is being aired without his knowledge, reads fast-paced insults of each of the nations of the world in alphabetical order , with the expectation that angry mail will come pouring in from offended viewers in countries where the show is broadcast.
_	His letter to Burgoyne had been predicated on the expectation that the expected reinforcements would arrive in time for him to make a move up the Hudson within ten days.
_	Convergence trade is a trading strategy consisting of two positions: buying one asset forward—i.e., for delivery in future (going "long" the asset)—and selling a similar asset forward (going "short" the asset) for a higher price, in the expectation that by the time the assets must be delivered, the prices will have become closer to equal (will have converged), and thus one profits by the amount of convergence.
_	However, with Onigumo buried deep in his subconscious, the newly born Naraku acted against his human self's desire as he arranged for Kikyo's demise and her falling out with Inuyasha in the expectation that events would corrupt the Shikon Jewel.
_	The wall itself was designed to accommodate a total of 1,000 names, with the expectation that names beyond the first 500 would be added to the wall over a period of years following construction.
_	On January 15, 2012, Redeemer Lutheran held a deconsecration service in the 1964 building, in the expectation that it would be demolished during the spring of that year.
_	Counters are included for German, Russian and American infantry units and is intended as a stand-alone purchase with the expectation that players who enjoy the experience will feel comfortable "graduating" to the full-blown ASL game series.
_	The main use of these methods is to predict future market prices, or more generally, potential market prices, and thus to profit from price movement – stocks that are judged "undervalued" (with respect to their theoretical value) are bought, while stocks that are judged "overvalued" are sold, in the expectation that undervalued stocks will overall rise in value, while overvalued stocks will generally decrease in value.
_	Significant points here include the treatment of the Lyme as a border beyond which Cheshire knights are not obliged to fight and the expectation that the garrisoning of Chester castle should fall primarily upon fees of the honour outside the county.
_	The main reasons for choosing this were reduced cost, and the expectation that the narrow gauge would never connect to broad gauge lines.
_	The organization sought the referendum on the expectation that legalizing liquor by the drink in unincorporated areas would eliminate one motive for municipal annexations in the county.
_	The Doctor sends Rose (with the sonic screwdriver) and Ali to Bronwyn, so she might take them to the lighthouse, in the expectation that the smaller Ali can reach under the alien machinery to alter the settings so it no longer affects the children.
_	Its role was thus "mainly defensive" at the outset, with the expectation that "in the event of developments in the North and North-West of Australia, this would be altered".
_	The Sudeten German culture, like the culture in the rest of the German-speaking world at this time was a ""Führer" culture" with the expectation that history was made by few "Great Men" whom mere mortals were supposed to follow unconditionally, and given this milieu, Henlein's leadership style was authoritarian.
_	In the Nordic countries, marriage and having children have far greater effects on women than on men, partly due to the expectation that women will continue unpaid domestic labor.
_	The Center for Women's Global Leadership reported in 2011 that the expectation that this economic shift would increase the global food supply resulted in the strengthening of powerful transnational companies through heavy subsidization, while overall food security faltered as "developing countries withdrew investment in agriculture and rural development, leading to a decline in their long-term productive capacity and transforming them into net food importers."
_	The strategy works on the expectation that customers will switch to the new brand because of the lower price.
_	Towards the end of the season he was expected to be released by the Miami Dolphins with the expectation that he would be placed on the practice squad once he cleared waivers.
_	C was the expectation that the introduction of competition among the participating insurance companies would provide higher-quality care via plans that were more responsive to beneficiaries' needs than traditional Medicare, at similar or lower cost.
_	An example of a program that violates the expectation that pressing one time will switch to the previous application is Adobe Reader 7.0.x.
_	If a hunter or fisherman was successful, they would gift some of the catch to their extended family and ‘sell’ it to their friends with the expectation that the favor would be returned.
_	Attempts are made mainly to make one's views known, with the expectation that the other may respond right away or respond to conflict resolution or nonviolent communication to address the adversary.
_	The Republican leadership set up a meeting for 8:30 pm that evening to let Republican members know about the bill and their strategy, with the expectation that the vote would happen later that evening.
_	Because of the expectation that Forbes would not return to the role of Ro after "Rascals", Taylor suggested at one point keeping the character as a child since her return to adulthood was not seen on screen.
_	In an interview with NME at the Austin City Limits Music Festival, Mayberry and Doherty explained that, since they were just starting to gain fame, they were "concerned about failing spectacularly", so they performed two shows as Shark Week so they "could suck and then get better", with the expectation that by the time they played their first official gig as Chvrches, they would have worked out the kinks.
_	His postmillennialism was associated with neither the social engineering of Walter Rauschenbusch, nor the expectation that every soul in every community would be converted.
_	A crucial element of the French plan of battle was the expectation that Wellington would move his reserve to his right flank in defense of Hougomont.
_	An Emergency Hospital Service was established at the beginning of the war, in the expectation that it would be required to deal with large numbers of casualties.
_	According to Sir Bob Murray, then chairman of Sunderland A.F.C., the name "Stadium of Light" "was chosen for two main reasons; namely as an ever-lasting tribute to the region's mine-workers and proud industrial heritage and in the expectation that the stadium would be a guiding light in the future.
_	"Tennessee" spent some time with TF 1, for example during the Battle of Midway, during which the old battleships patrolled the Eastern areas of the Pacific in the expectation that part of the Japanese fleet might attempt an "end run" raid on the West Coast.
_	These agreements are binding in the sense that the parties have the expectation that the negotiated rules will be followed.
_	The AstroTurf pitch was completed in March 2010, with the expectation that all the new facilities were to be complete and open for use by September 2010.
_	In more abstract settings like an API, the expectation that function or method names intuitively match their behavior is another example.
_	She embodies the expectation that mothers should intuitively understand their children.
_	Also, the grammar sometimes regularised or glossed over some regional differences in the expectation that the student, once "in the field", would learn these finer points of the particular dialect through use with his flock.
_	These attacks were formulaic and stereotyped, crafted to define who was the enemy in the debates, but not used with the expectation that their insults and accusations would be taken literally, as they would be centuries later.
_	Then, in 2000, wholesale prices were deregulated, but retail prices were regulated for the incumbents as part of a deal with the regulator, allowing the incumbent utilities to recover the cost of assets that would be stranded as a result of greater competition, based on the expectation that "frozen" rates would remain higher than wholesale prices.
_	Dovalina's move came nearly two decades before the matter reached a fevered pitch in 2015, when South Carolina removed the Stars and Bars from a Confederate memorial on the capitol grounds in Columbia with the expectation that organizations such as the NAACP and the National Collegiate Athletic Association would end economic boycotts against that state.
_	Individuals who wanted to take part in the scheme invested their money in the expectation that the money would be lent to borrowers and repaid, with interest, over time.
_	The Burroughs Large System (B5000 and successors) were unique in that they were designed with the expectation that all software, including system software, would be written in an HLL rather than in assembly language, which was a unique and innovative approach in 1961.
_	A franchise to extend the Uptown Tubes to Grand Central was awarded in June 1909, with the expectation that construction could start within six months and that the new extension would be ready by January 1911.
_	Despite the expectation that the sword will choose Repairman Jack or one of the other heroes, the sword chooses the aged Glaeken, who reluctantly resumes his immortality.
_	The site was retained for some years in the expectation that erosion would uncover new fossils.
_	"On Christmas Eve, when the inmates of a house in the country retire to bed, all those desirous of a present place a stocking outside the door of their bedroom, with the expectation that some mythical being called Santiclaus will fill the stocking or place something within it before the morning.
_	This attitude of the Catholics was caused by Pitt's encouragement of the expectation that Catholic emancipation, the commutation of tithes, and the endowment of the Catholic priesthood, would accompany or quickly follow the passing of the measure.
_	Underlying this decision was the expectation that many of NASA's goals could be achieved with targeted, low-cost proposals in the $50 to $100 million range—much lower than traditional NASA missions.
_	Most TV receiving equipment in current use and currently on the market was not designed with the expectation that there would be anything but TV signals in the frequency range 470 MHz to 862 MHz.
_	The W3C MWI (Mobile Web Initiative) and the associated DDWG (Device Description Working Group), recognising the difficulty in collecting and keeping track of UAProfs and device handset information, and the practical shortcomings in the implementation of UAProf across the industry have outlined specifications for a Device Description Repository, in the expectation that an ecosystem of such Repositories will eventually eliminate the need for local device repositories in favour of a web service ecosystem.
_	Prussia adopted a Prussian thaler containing of a Cologne mark of silver, rather than (as under the Leipzig standard), probably in the expectation that this realistic coin foot would prevail throughout the empire.
_	During the war, the Government improved the airport facilities greatly, mainly due to the increased industrialization occurring during the war and the expectation that the war would last for some time.
_	Administration officials have suggested that Eatinger and Hermes most likely offered their advice under the expectation that Rodriguez would subsequently pursue further approvals, as would normally be the practice.
_	This was probably in the expectation that he would set the text to music.
_	In some areas, governmental standards were relaxed in the expectation that market forces would assure quality via competition, such as in the Building Act 1991 – which was seen as one of the steps leading to the leaky homes crisis in the following decade.
_	The Court noted that "the believers' right to freedom of religion encompasses the expectation that the community will be allowed to function peacefully, free from arbitrary State intervention".
_	During the 1930s, the renowned Egyptologist Sir William Matthews Flinders Petrie led a British archaeological expedition to Tell el-Ajjul, in the expectation that they would discover the remains of an outpost of the Egyptian New Kingdom Empire.
_	The student assigns a positive value to humor in the classroom, so the student has the expectation that their experience with the professor will be positive.
_	The original Ardsley clubhouse and grounds, once assessed at $850,000, was at the time being foreclosed on for a mortgage of $350,000, with the expectation that the clubhouse would be razed and the property used for country homes.
_	Around that time, tensions between Visceral and EA arose over the direction of the game on two issues: the lack of any recognized "Star Wars" characters or Jedi force powers despite having been given creative freedom to create new characters from Disney/Lucasfilm, and the expectation that "Ragtag" would be a critically praised game with a high Metacritic score as to challenge the upcoming "Uncharted 4".
_	Kershaw has argued in his two-volume biography of Hitler that Hitler did play a decisive role in the development of policies of genocide, but also argued that many of the measures that led to the Holocaust were undertaken by many lower-ranking officials without direct orders from Hitler in the expectation that such steps would win them favour.
_	As a result, there were many applicants for each post and agents were hired with the expectation that they would increase production by 0.5–3 tons per month.
_	Interest on these loans was rolled up, in the expectation that the growth in land values caused by the development of the town would eventually allow the loans to be repaid in full.
_	A measure of the importance of weaving is evident in the expectation that a man give a larger dowry for a bride who was an accomplished weaver.
_	With the elevator to Roosevelt Island closed, the footpath on the bridge was shuttered in 1974, with the expectation that the tramway would open soon.
_	As literacy among native English speakers has become almost universal, it has become increasingly easy for people to bring back into life archaic words and grammar forms, often to create a comic or humorously old-fashioned effect, with the expectation that these new coinings will be understandable.
_	Walter Isaacson, describing Rhodes Scholars as "fairly intelligent, well-rounded, honest people who could be counted on to be upstanding citizens," has said that "the real geniuses...were the Marshall Scholars," perhaps because of the expectation that Rhodes Scholars be "all-rounders."
_	In March 1968 the number of apostles was augmented by three to a number of seven, wherefore the expectation that a revival was imminent seemed justified.
_	At the same time, he encouraged the Girondin faction in the Legislative Assembly in their policy of war with Austria, in the expectation that a French military disaster would pave the way for the restoration of his royal authority.
_	Buchanites were buried (or reburied) in a graveyard next to the north-west wall of "Newhouse", in the expectation that they would "ascend" eventually with "Lucky" Buchan.
_	The more direct predecessors were the Crown health enterprises (CHEs) and subsequent Hospital and Health Services (HHS) management structures of the 1990s; these were responsible for managing the hospitals under business ethos, albeit, with the expectation that the former would return a profit to the shareholders (i.e. the government).
_	The collapse, therefore, takes place in the expectation that the observer associated with the state.
_	The House cancelled a planned week of recess with the expectation that they would receive a revised version of the bill back from the Senate during that time.
_	The decision, an unusual one for a North American professional sports organization, was likely influenced by the expectation that the 2004–05 NHL lockout would wipe out the 2004–05 NHL season.
_	If they are making their "nut" (weekly operating expenses), or are losing money at a rate which the producers consider acceptable, they may continue to run in the expectation that, eventually, they will pay back their initial costs and become profitable.
_	Crabtree started the year with the expectation that he would compete for the Heisman trophy, and in the end he finished fifth in the Heisman voting, garnering 3 first place votes.
_	On William Cubitt's advice the two stations in the cemetery were built as temporary structures, in the expectation that they would need to be rebuilt once the railway was operational and the issues with operating a railway of this unique nature became clearer.
_	Simon Spotlight Entertainment sold the book "blind" to the retailers, without disclosing the book title or subject matter, in the expectation that it would create a media uproar for the contents and the nature of the memoir.
_	The trustees decided to close the building fund at which would enable them to obtain from the Queensland Government with the expectation that the building would cost leaving for contingencies.
_	Sun Microsystems initially voted against approval of DIS 29500 in the INCITS V1 committee, but stated on the committee mailing list "We wish to make it completely clear that we support DIS 29500 becoming an ISO Standard and are in complete agreement with its stated purposes of enabling interoperability among different implementations and providing interoperable access to the legacy of Microsoft Office documents." and that "We voted in the expectation that [...] changes will be made and that a version of DIS 29500 capable of achieving its objectives would be approved as an ISO Standard.".
_	The government allows the homesteader to use the land with the expectation that the homesteader who fulfills the requirements necessary for the homestead will gain title to the property.
_	The Liberal Party had previously chosen Andy Thompson as its leader in September 1964, with the expectation that he would lead the party in the next provincial election.
_	The 1944 Warsaw Uprising was planned with the expectation that the Soviet forces, who had arrived in the course of their offensive and were waiting on the other side of the Vistula River in full force, would help in the battle for Warsaw.
_	Farber testified in the case but cited the First Amendment of the United States Constitution when he refused to turn over thousands of pages of the reporter's notes that the defense had requested, citing a compelling right to protect the identity of the sources used in the articles from individuals who had spoken to him with the expectation that their confidence would be maintained.
_	The sexual and gender identity working group justified inclusion of the use of child pornography due to the expectation that pedohebephilic individuals would deny their sexual preferences, leaving it up to the diagnosing clinician to make inferences whether their patients are more interested in children than adults.
_	The motivation for using metrics is the expectation that quantifying technical and environmental improvements can make the benefits of new technologies more tangible, perceptible, or understandable.
_	In 1840, at the urging of Garrison and Wendell Phillips, Lucretia Coffin Mott and Elizabeth Cady Stanton traveled with their husbands and a dozen other American male and female abolitionists to London for the first World's Anti-Slavery Convention, with the expectation that a motion put forward by Phillips to include women's participation in the convention would be controversial.
_	This large jump in version numbers, from 0.1x to 0.9x, resulted from the expectation that version 1.0, without major missing pieces, was imminent.
_	With Congress ratifing the treaty on July 21, the Navy and Congress had the expectation that the Navy would be built up to the treaty limits.
_	Simms was drafted with the last pick of the 3rd round in 2003 by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers with the expectation that he would eventually be the successor to Brad Johnson.
_	Although these figures might be reasonable for a normal commercial company, they were received with surprise by Moonbeams supporters, who had purchased the goods in the expectation that a far greater proportion of the selling price would reach the charity.
_	Despite the expectation that he would raid the Ephesian treasury, Demetrius instead immediately set sail for Greece "putting his chief remaining hopes in Athens".
_	A Bull is a stock market speculator who buys a holding in a stock in the expectation that in the very short-term it will rise in value whereupon he will sell the stock to make a quick profit on the transaction.
_	Priest has used shock probation, releasing convicted criminals from prison shortly into their sentence with the expectation that the brief prison experience will be sufficient to rehabilitate the prisoner.
_	Once NorVergence had moved into as many regional markets as possible and pitched every business in the area, NorVergence sold the leasing agreements to banks, and the banks would be left with the leasing agreements with the expectation that customers to continue to pay for the hardware leases for five years.
_	Without Courage's knowledge, Roddenberry wrote lyrics to the theme — not in the expectation that they would ever be sung, or indeed ever be made publicly available, but so that he could be officially registered as the lyricist of the theme and hence claim a 50% share of the performance royalties.
_	The conference name referred to the expectation that this would be the final H.O.P.E. conference due to the scheduled demolition of its venue, the Hotel Pennsylvania.
_	The 'services' must be non-gratuitous, i.e. the benefits must be provided by the victim of the deception in the expectation that they are to be paid for at commercial rates (see section 1(2)).
_	In Malaysia, overseas Chinese tend to support equal and meritocratic treatment on the expectation that they would not be discriminated against in the resulting competition for government contracts, university places, etc., whereas many "Bumiputra" ("native sons")
_	Despite the expectation that circadian clocks are usually assumed to enhance the fitness of organisms by improving their ability to adapt to daily cycles in environmental factors, there have been few rigorous tests of that proposition in any organism.
_	This allows test code easily to set the expectation that a user will, or will not, be granted permission in the next call and therefore readily to test the behavior of the rest of the system in either case.
_	[31] In a free market approach, commercial entities are largely allowed to do what they wish, with the expectation that consumers will choose to do business with corporations that respect their privacy to a desired degree.
_	The EC-121 deployments to Southeast Asia were discontinued in June 1970 in the expectation that they would no longer be utilized.
_	The social norm of reciprocity is the expectation that people will respond to each other in similar ways—responding to gifts and kindnesses from others with similar benevolence of their own, and responding to harmful, hurtful acts from others with either indifference or some form of retaliation.
_	In a "push strategy", the marketer uses intensive advertising and incentives aimed at distributors, especially retailers and wholesalers, with the expectation that they will stock the product or brand, and that consumers will purchase it when they see it in stores.
_	During the 6th and 5th centuries BC, Lampsacus was successively dominated by Lydia, Persia, Athens, and Sparta; Artaxerxes I assigned it to Themistocles with the expectation that the city supply the Persian king with its famous wine.
_	Since a far more difficult stage followed, pre-race analysis led to the expectation that the race's overall favorites would mostly mark one another on this stage and not show themselves strongly.
_	The primary element that distinguishes ethnomusicology from musicology is the expectation that ethnomusicologists engage in sustained, diachronic fieldwork as their primary source of data.
_	Children who were defiant would be given a time-out and separated from a group activity, with the expectation that the bad behavior would be its own punishment, and that any additional sanctions would not have a positive effect.
_	There was the expectation that the typhoon would become a super-typhoon and produce as much rain as Typhoon Ketsana in 2009, with the possibility of Magat Dam being filled.
_	The mechanism of transfer may include a personal face to face hand off, sending the items through the mail, or most remarkably, leaving the book in a public place with the expectation that unknown future readers will find it there.
_	The experiments relied on the expectation that rutherfordium would begin the new 6d series of elements and should therefore form a volatile tetrachloride due to the tetrahedral nature of the molecule.
_	In the expectation that the Reform Bill of 1831, would pass, and would establish Leeds as a two-member borough constituency, the Leeds reformers chose two candidates in August 1831:
_	One aspect of this is the expectation that women would be treated equally as men.
_	The dam has been in service for 70 years but was only built with the expectation that it would function for around 50 years before sedimentation and erosion weakened the dam.
_	The strategic aim was to overthrow Queen Elizabeth I and her establishment of Protestantism in England, with the expectation that this would put a stop to English interference in the Spanish Netherlands and to the harm caused to Spanish interests by English and Dutch privateering.
_	The controversy was due to the expectation that the organisational wing of the party which Staley was in charge of as President did not interfere with the parliamentary party in selecting the leader.
_	VanVleet signed to play in the 2016 NBA Summer League with the Toronto Raptors with the expectation that he would be in the Raptors' training camp.
_	Agricultural entrepreneurs will try to encourage time spent harvesting by offering a higher wage, with the expectation that laborers will see time spent working as more valuable and so engage it longer.
_	The signing of H. 202 led to the creation of Green Mountain Care, described by Kaiser Health News as "a state-funded-and-managed insurance pool that would provide near-universal coverage to residents with the expectation that it would reduce health care spending."
_	Prussia adopted a Prussian thaler containing of a Cologne mark of silver, rather than (in use since 1690), probably in the expectation that this realistic coin foot would prevail throughout the empire.
_	Memory is obtained as "Large Memory Objects" in multiples of 1 MB (with the expectation that applications and middleware will manage memory allocation within these large pieces).
_	When it was announced that U.S. Senator Mel Martinez would resign from the Senate during the August 2009 recess, there was widespread speculation that Smith would be appointed to replace him, with the expectation that Smith would be a caretaker who would not seek reelection to a full term.
_	By this stage, the expectation that Nasution would do something was now gone as army officers and student movements alike rallied behind Suharto.
_	Fantasy is generally distinguished from the genres of science fiction and horror by the expectation that it steers clear of scientific and macabre themes, respectively, though there is a great deal of overlap among the three, all of which are subgenres of speculative fiction.
_	Even with his jealous feelings, Lucejo does not completely break with Berenice, but he does pretend to express affection for Armira, in the expectation that Berenice will overhear this.
_	On William Cubitt's advice the two stations in the cemetery were built as temporary structures, in the expectation that they would need to be rebuilt once the railway was operational and the issues with operating a railway of this unique nature became clearer.
_	Satan himself is identified with the fallen angel in Christian mythology and portrayed as somewhat jaded from millennia in charge of Hell and the expectation that he will continue to be so for eternity.
_	An essential assumption of this model is the "not conjecture" that each firm aims to maximize profits, based on the expectation that its own output decision will not have an effect on the decisions of its rivals.
_	Shōen reportedly said "Never once did I paint a work with the expectation that it would be a fine work as long as the woman depicted was beautiful.
_	Hughes then brought in actor/director Mel Ferrer, who he borrowed from David O. Selznick's production company in June, to finish the film, with the expectation that his assignment would last about 30 days and cost about $200,000.
_	Herberton and the Great Northern had suffered from three serious problems in its development: reckless opening of many lodes in the early years, the difficulty in gaining exemptions to install machinery, and the expectation that the Great Northern would continue to perform as a bonanza.
_	Its role was thus "mainly defensive" at the outset, with the expectation that "in the event of developments in the North and North-West of Australia, this would be altered".
_	RKO was formed with the expectation that it would become a major factor in the movie business.
_	Both registered-church and house church leaders, including Samuel Lamb and Allen Yuan, have criticized Xu and his movement for unorthodox teaching, such as the expectation that new converts weep for three days to bring about forgiveness for their sins.
_	In July 2012, two undocumented immigrants in Florida turned themselves in to police, with the expectation that they would be transported to and housed in GEO's Broward Transitional Center, a 720-bed facility in Pompano Beach, Florida, that holds immigration detainees.
_	His elder brother, Ralph, was intended to inherit the title and had been married to Maud Grosmont, daughter of Henry of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster and Isabel de Beaumont in 1344, with the expectation that he would expand the Stafford estates by inheriting the Lancastrian duchy.
_	To provide a pretext for the war, on 25 October Enver told Souchon to attack the Russian Black Sea ports in the expectation that Russia would declare war in response.
_	In 1762, Johnson and the board of Governors hired the Oxford-trained minister Myles Cooper, a young man recommended by the Archbishop of Canterbury, as professor of moral philosophy with the expectation that Cooper would someday succeed him.
_	The 394th and other P-38 units stationed in England were selected for these missions with the expectation that the distinctive silhouette of the Lightning would prevent potential friendly fire incidents by anti-aircraft gunners mistaking them for enemy fighters.
_	The film ends on a high note... with the expectation that everyone will live happily ever after.
_	On 26 November 2016, Leicester Diocesan Synod approved a proposal to replace the Assistant Bishop post with a new suffragan bishop role of Bishop suffragan of Loughborough, following Boyle's retirement in 2017, with the expectation that this could be completed by the end of that year.
_	Although the number of women in office has increased, Elisa Maria Carrio (2012) notes that the male politicians who still dominate Argentina's political parties often place the name of their wives or other female family members on ballots, with the expectation that they will have control over the women's actions once they are elected.
_	Its genome was the first brown macroalgal genome to be sequenced, with the expectation that "E. siliculosus" will serve as a genetic and genomic model for brown macroalgae.
_	Work to build the line started in the autumn of 1914, with the expectation that construction would take from 12 to 18 months.
_	The content for the tasks are drawn from introductory university courses at times when professors are introducing new topics to their students with the expectation that the students know little or nothing about the content.
_	De Winter plotted a course for the Meuse estuary in the expectation that his order to the commander of "Kortenaer" to leave his anchorage would be obeyed, but adverse winds again prevented this.
_	The purpose of the clause is twofold: first, to protect the separation of powers philosophy (upon which the federal frame of government is built); and second, to prevent Congress from conspiring to create offices or increase federal officials' salaries with the expectation that members of Congress would later be appointed to these posts.
_	The mission was therefore funded on the expectation that "Phoenix" would find water ice on the arctic plains of Mars.
_	Bartholo relishes the news that Rosine is unhappy in her marriage, and they discuss the expectation that the Count will take Figaro's side in the lawsuit if Suzanne should submit to his advances.
_	Olson cites how FGCS have been found to enter college with the expectation that it will lead to a high-paying or prestigious job, which are not guaranteed outcomes.
_	Instead, they gave him a list of things he had to do to earn his way back into the organization, with the expectation that he would meet those requirements and play in the Nationals′ farm system again sometime during the 2018 season.
_	Researchers' underlying assumption was that simple tasks such as the Tower of Hanoi correspond to the main properties of "real world" problems and thus the characteristic cognitive processes within participants' attempts to solve simple problems are the same for "real world" problems too; simple problems were used for reasons of convenience and with the expectation that thought generalizations to more complex problems would become possible.
_	Similarly, syndicalist unions did not work to build large strike funds, for fear that they would create bureaucracy separate from the rank-and-file and instill in workers the expectation that the union rather than they would wage the class struggle.
_	The British agreed to order 1,250 M3, to be modified to their requirements - the order was subsequently increased with the expectation that when a superior tank was available it could replace part of the order.
_	"The Orrery" was painted without a commission, probably in the expectation that it would be bought by Washington Shirley, 5th Earl Ferrers, an amateur astronomer who had an orrery of his own, and with whom Wright's friend Peter Perez Burdett was staying while in Derbyshire.
_	These included the expectation that the show would begin to cover the buildup to the Romulan War, as well as continue to link to "The Original Series" with references to things such as the cloud city of Stratos as seen in "The Cloud Minders".
_	Initially titled "Happy New Year", Panahi developed the original story with Parviz Shahbazi and attempted to get funding from IRIB's Channel 1 with the expectation that it would be a short film, but his proposal was rejected.
_	In August 2006, the city purchased the building from Alabama developer Howard Robbins for $1.2 million, with the expectation that it would be renovated by a developer from Jackson, but the city could not immediately attract regional interest.
_	The stated goal of allowing these purchases was to continue to track the firearms as they were transferred to higher-level traffickers and key figures in Mexican cartels, with the expectation that this would lead to their arrests and the dismantling of the cartels.
_	Tully ensured that there were as many as possible three-seat constituencies where the governing parties were strong, in the expectation that the governing parties would each win a seat in many constituencies, relegating Fianna Fáil to one out of three.
_	Following a satisfactory conclusion to the talks, the Council reaffirmed its position that a high level conference with the leaders of the two communities and with the leaders of Greece and Turkey should take place to conclude an overall agreement, expressing the expectation that an agreement would be concluded in 1992 and implemented in 1993.
_	The change was a response to employees' complaints about high stress levels at work and the expectation that employees would immediately answer after-hours email from home.
_	The project was reactivated on 20 June 2013 in the expectation that the satellite would wake up from a hibernation state as more power from the solar panels became available.
_	Despite many possible explanations for any physical process that we observe, we tend to abduce a single explanation (or a few explanations) for this process in the expectation that we can better orient ourselves in our surroundings and disregard some possibilities.
_	During Governor Jerry Brown's tenure in the 1970s, the building of highways was de-emphasized in favor of mass transit, and some building was allowed on the right-of-way with the expectation that the freeway would never be built.
_	A self-described pro-choice atheist and rationalist, he undertook his first investigation with the expectation that his cohort data would prove that the apparent link between abortion and mental health problems would be explained by pre-existing factors.
_	Based on their recent activities, there is still the expectation that they would return to the scene with some new releases.
_	This led to the expectation that it would appear at the Electronic Entertainment Expo convention in both 2005 and 2006.
_	The PLO and its chairman Yassir Arafat had also decided on an unarmed strategy, in the expectation that negotiations at that time would lead to an agreement with Israel.
_	With the expectation that there will always be new students that require new swimsuits provided by the school, garments were made from a simple-to-produce shape that has generally remained similar over time, although different types were created made from different materials.
_	Jill opined that Mars' show manifested energy, which created the expectation that it would not ever end.
_	INFR Vice President Michael Bo Vocu stated "After much soul searching, we have decided that we cannot in good conscience accept resources from you on the terms you have offered, no matter how desperately we need it ... because, as you know, the resources you are offering are not truly philanthropic -- they come with the expectation that we will support the racial slur that continues to promote your associated professional football team's name."
_	Richard Nixon greatly expanded the program, setting up the Office of Minority Business Enterprise (OMBE) in the expectation that black entrepreneurs would help defuse racial tensions and possibly support his reelection .
_	At the same time, personal responsibility replaces self-pity and the expectation that others will act for the good of the individual.
_	The trend follower buys an instrument which has been rising, or short sells a falling one, in the expectation that the trend will continue.
_	Turkish security policy in 1939 was based on the assumption that the Soviet Union would also join the "peace front' with the expectation that the Soviets would bear the brunt of the fighting in Eastern Europe, and the signing of the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact threw such a wrench into Turkish planning that İnönü opted for neutrality.
_	His music teachers encouraged him to study a number of instruments in the expectation that he would become a music teacher.
_	The social compensation hypothesis states that there are two factors under which social compensation may occur: the expectation that other group members will perform insufficiently and if the group product is important to the individual.
_	The trophy was awarded to the Canadian national women's hockey team on July 10, 2006, with the expectation that Hockey Canada would take over the trophy and how it was to be awarded.
_	So prosperous was Medina during this period that residents named the new municipal building in 1908 City Hall, out of the expectation that the village, now with a population of 5,000, would eventually become one.
_	On April 7, the LISPC announced that bids on the new extensions would open on April 20 for the new project with the expectation that all at-grade structures would be completed by the end of the year.
_	Local industry had been building with the expectation that Clarksville would become a major trading hub.
_	This has led to the expectation that the Treasury will use a "reverse auction" mechanism to price assets.
_	At introduction, a PC with 64 kB of RAM and a single 5.25-inch floppy drive and monitor sold for (), while the cheapest configuration () that had no floppy drives, only 16 kB RAM, and no monitor (again, under the expectation that users would connect their existing TV sets and cassette recorders) proved too unattractive and low-spec, even for its time (cf. footnotes to the above IBM PC range table).
_	The Brigade deployed on "temporary change of station" orders with the expectation that it would return to Fort Bragg after the Tet 68 emergency was resolved.
_	During June, an NTC subcommittee on broadcasting went around Thailand to "pre-register" prospective CR operators with the expectation that when the regulation becomes effective in July, the license process will be expedited.
_	The Gestapo treated Trepper leniently in the expectation that he would serve as a double agent in Paris.
_	At San Diego Comic-Con International 2016, Marvel and Netflix revealed the series had been renewed for a third season, with the expectation that Doug Petrie and Marco Ramirez would return as showrunners from the second season.
_	Spanish aid was offered to the Irish rebels in the expectation that tying the English down in Ireland might draw even more English resources away from their allies in the Netherlands, the Dutch Estates - which were engaged in a long rebellion against Spanish rule - and provide another base for privateers, such as the Dunkirkers, to disrupt English and Dutch shipping.
_	The company, successfully trading and growing, was granted a royal charter on February 6 1824, in the expectation that the permitted capital would be exceeded.
_	In 2013 and 2014, changes in web browsers to prevent unwanted toolbar installs and a new policy by Microsoft towards advertising lead to the expectation that the main profit methods of the companies would soon work no longer.
_	SFI had been established by the Irish government 10 years earlier to recruit and retain high-quality researchers based on their excellence, with the expectation that this would provide an extra offering and possibilities for multi-national and local companies that had activities particularly in the areas of pharmaceuticals, information technology and energy.
_	Positive advantages include having such things as adequate nutrition, shelter, and health care, whereas negative advantages accompanying male privilege include such things as the expectation that a man will have a better chance than a comparably qualified woman of being hired for a job, as well as being paid more than a woman for the same job.
_	An ARK contains the label ark: after the URL's hostname, which sets the expectation that, when submitted to a web browser, the URL terminated by '?' returns a brief metadata record, and the URL terminated by '??' returns metadata that includes a commitment statement from the current service provider.
_	At a railway commission enquiry, Snell defended his approach as necessary to complete the work in time, with the expectation that the engineering works would be upgraded as traffic and revenue increased.
_	Political conflicts, to some degree, have been ameliorated by the shared values of all parties in the expectation that the American Dream will resolve many difficulties and conflicts.
_	Children have sometimes been described or viewed as "inexperience[d] with consensus reality," though are described as such with the expectation that their perspective will progressively form closer to the consensus reality of their society as they age.
_	He started writing with the expectation that this would be the last Thanos story "at least for a while" and was midway through the story before deciding to make Thanos an antihero.
_	In all cases no explicit agreement is made, but one service is performed for the community or another member of the community's good with the expectation that the community or another individual would give back.
_	Wackett together with some members of the RAAF, had the decision for the Starfighter overturned in favour of the Dassault Mirage and CAC staff commenced working with Dassault (in the expectation that CAC would build the Mirage under licence as it had the Sabre and P-51 Mustang fighters).
_	The deep-battle doctrine relies upon aviation and armor advances with the expectation that maneuver warfare offers quick, efficient, and decisive victory.
_	The labor force participation rate of the wife rises with the expectation that her husband will be unemployed permanently due to aging or other factors (Maloney, p. 183).
_	Excitement was very high due to the expectation that the ship had finally found the Northwest Passage through the continent.
_	He ordered Coenus to proceed to Bazira with the expectation that this town would capitulate as a result of Massaga.
_	Gift or "generalized reciprocity" is the exchange of goods and services without keeping track of their exact value, but often with the expectation that their value will balance out over time.
_	Sify called it "a gutsy and brilliant film" and mentioned that it " lives up to the expectation that the film carried and the credit goes to Vetrimaran whose research and hard work shows on screen".
_	The game plays especially well on "natural player tendencies" and the expectation that the player will seek to "push the boundaries" of the game as far as possible.
_	The Theosophist, ""Alice Bailey,"" who broke with the Indian branch of the Theosophical Society, and who was heavily influenced by orthodox Christianity, started the expectation that the ""Maitreya" would actually be reborn on the earth as a physical being, fulfilling the Christian ideal of a Second Coming, rather than the New Age ideal of the Christ being reborn in the heart of each individual.
_	ATI has taken this step with the expectation that future 3D software will be more pixel shader intensive.
_	Arizona Governor Douglas Ducey later suspended the company's ability to test and operate its autonomous cars on public roadways citing an "unquestionable failure" of the expectation that Uber make public safety its top priority.
_	Its first issue claimed that ""The Week" was brought out in the expectation that a mass left would arise in the Labour party once labour was in power.
_	A model organism is a non-human species that is extensively studied to understand particular biological phenomena, with the expectation that discoveries made in the organism model will provide insight into the workings of other organisms.
_	Lucent Digital Radio, USA Digital Radio (USADR), and Digital Radio Express commenced tests in 1999 of their various schemes for digital broadcast, with the expectation that they would report their results to the National Radio Systems Committee (NRSC) in December 1999.
_	The EUP therefore supported "responsible government", with the expectation that the independent Newfoundland government would negotiate the union with the United States.
_	As early as 5 January 1945, Admiral Ichimaru conducted a briefing of naval personnel at his command post in which he informed them of the destruction of the Japanese Fleet at the Battle of Leyte Gulf, the loss of the Philippines, and the expectation that Iwo would shortly be invaded.
_	The origins of the design lay in the expectation that war in Europe might be fought under similar conditions to those of the First World War, and emphasized the ability to cross difficult ground.
_	One of the most significant benefits that Native American men and women reaped from the war effort was the expectation that new skills would lead to better jobs.
_	A common example of this idea is the elimination an opponent's bishop, with the expectation that in doing so one's own bishop will increase in power from being unopposed on the color squares in which it resides.
_	From 1971 to 1978, the MTAC also recruited ethnic Tibetan children from India and Nepal to study in Taiwan, with the expectation that they would work for a ROC government that returned to the mainland.
_	Once the expectation that the aspects of visual intrigue or animation being just for children is put aside, the audience can realize that many emotions such as suffering, death, pain, struggle, and joy can all be storytelling elements utilized in anime as much as other types of media.
_	Daughters have the role of daddy’s little girl which means that the daughter has to do whatever possible to fulfill the expectation that a father has for the daughter.
_	Matthews opposed having a convention in 1945 to preserve hotel space for returning WWII soldiers, but a convention was called anyway in the expectation that something could be worked out.
_	One was timed to explode during the recess, and a second bomb several minutes later, in the expectation that teachers and students would be drawn to examine the damage.
_	Tax experts in early 2018 forecast the demise of the two major U.S. corporate tax havens, Ireland and Singapore, in the expectation that U.S. multinationals would no longer need foreign BEPS tools.
_	A measure of the importance of weaving is evident in the expectation that a man give a larger dowry for a bride who was an accomplished weaver.
_	He was released in 1921, according to one account in the expectation that lenience would secure his support and mitigate his opposition.
_	Negotiations resumed in October of that year, with the expectation that construction would begin in spring 1950.
_	Polanski's lawyers had the expectation that Polanski would get only probation at the subsequent sentencing hearing, with the probation officer, examining psychiatrist, and the victim all recommending against jail time.
_	Other people simply release the pet into the wild or otherwise abandon it, with the expectation that it will be able to take care of itself or that it will be found and adopted.
_	The participants were supplied with a basic set of food rations, with the expectation that within a short period they would become self-sufficient in terms of food supply, living on the produce of a vegetable garden and the milk, eggs and meat from the livestock.
_	Although the number of students on relevant courses did not exceed a few hundred at the time, rapid expansion was envisaged in view of both the likely increase in graduate numbers in general and the expectation that training would soon be made compulsory for graduates entering teaching.
_	Solving of individual problems in society was seen as a local problem with the expectation that the individual with wealth should resolve his or her own issues.
_	He was temporarily buried in a vault at the church of St Mary Overyes and in February 1556 he was brought down in great estate to Winchester Cathedral, where, after a number of ceremonies, a final funeral service was conducted on 28th February 1556, at which time it was recorded that he had not been buried and that no ground was broken, in the expectation that in due course his executors would build a chapel within the cathedral for his incarceration.
_	By the late 1990s, the Bangles agreed to reunite, with Steele being the last holdout, only joining the reunion with the expectation that they would focus on releasing new material and not become a "Dick Clark oldies band".
_	Colonization efforts may not occur as an unstoppable rush, but rather as an uneven tendency to "percolate" outwards, within an eventual slowing and termination of the effort given the enormous costs involved and the expectation that colonies will inevitably develop a culture and civilization of their own.
_	Campbell recommends playing specially selected classical music to infants, in the expectation that it will benefit their mental development.
_	Stauskas began his college career with the expectation that he would be a sharpshooter based on his performance in three-point field goal drills in which he had raised the bar for the team.
_	Intel was willing to undertake a very large development effort on IA-64 in the expectation that the resulting microprocessor would be used by the majority of enterprise systems manufacturers.
_	The New Jersey Attorney General must review the deal before it is official, with the expectation that the merger will be completed in 2016.
_	The provisions of the convoy were based on the expectation that the voyage would last 3 years; also merchandise intended for the Indian market was brought along.
_	It was designed in the expectation that conditions would be similar to those of the First World War.
_	Rather than allowing that to happen, they manipulated Austria-Hungary into starting a war with Serbia in the expectation that Russia would intervene, giving Germany a pretext to launch what was in essence a preventive war.
_	As promised, al-Husayn was awarded Zaragoza with the expectation that he would always be a subordinate of Córdoba.
_	These attacks were formulaic and stereotyped, crafted to define who was the enemy in the debates, but not used with the expectation that their insults and accusations would be taken literally, as they would be centuries later, resulting in millennia of Christian antisemitism.
_	For instance, if you call an auto-attendant application, it will prompt you for the name of a person (with the expectation that your call will be transferred to that person's phone).
_	Both John and Mary are offered the shelter of the General's home with the expectation that they will marry when they come of age.
_	The convocation conveners sent the results to the university council with the expectation that the result would put greater pressure on the council to consider the wishes of alumni.
_	Later, in September 1991, presumably in the expectation that at some stage someone would find evidence of her collaboration in the Stasi files, she voluntarily admitted her Stasi collaboration during the early 1970s.
_	Cinematographer Néstor Almendros, a collaborator on numerous François Truffaut films, had been hired with the expectation that Truffaut would direct.
_	A case tried in September 50 BC indicates that a public "sacellum" might be encompassed by a private property, with the expectation that it remain open to the public.
_	Earle's government had been appointed on the expectation that Earle would quickly call for a dissolution of the House of Assembly, which he refused to do, and successfully appealed to the Colonial Office.
_	In 1990, the ship was sold by the Hudson's Bay Company to Asker town with the expectation that she would be returned there; however the export permit expired due to the 230 million kroner ($43,200,000) cost to repair and move the ship.
_	The alleged infringer sold to the purchaser of the mimeograph a can of ink suitable for "use" with machine, with full knowledge of the restriction, and with the expectation that the ink sold would be "used" in connection with the machine.
_	Szeemann was appointed the Visual Arts Director, succeeding his predecessor Jean Clair, with only five months to prepare for the 1999 Venice Biennale but with the expectation that he would also direct the following show in 2001.
_	The Journal described Martínez as “part of a small group of investors who are willing to overlook Argentina's status as a financial pariah and bet long term,” in the expectation that “the next government to be more pragmatic and less hostile to business.
_	Jews were concentrated into ghettos in major cities with the expectation that at some point they would be transported further east or even overseas.
_	A remittance man is a historic term for an emigrant, often from Britain to a colony, supported by regular payments from home, on the expectation that he stay away.
_	The British operated under the expectation that they would find substantial support for their actions, if only they liberated the right areas.
_	The analysis also discusses the expectation that processing costs would drop after the establishment of the complex.
_	Following the death of Wilson in late March 2014, Edward Rogers III and Larry Tanenbaum, board members of Toronto-based sports conglomerate Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment, teamed with Jon Bon Jovi to submit a bid to purchase the team, with the expectation that they would relocate it to Toronto on a full-time basis.
_	In the late 1930s, she started planning a research trip down the Colorado River to catalog its flora, and the university gave her some funding for the trip in the expectation that it would yield specimens for its collection.
_	The saloon-keeper relied on the expectation that most customers would buy more than one drink, and that the practice would build patronage for other times of day.
_	Cheryl said in an interview that state licensing authorities were reluctant to let the brothers take the licensing exam, but decided to allow it based on the expectation that they would fail.
_	Life scripts act as a way to structure memory and lead to the expectation that the happiest and the most important life events form the reminiscence bump.
_	Besides the deficiency of extension program to target women farmers, women’s participation is constrained by practices like the expectation that woman needs husband’s approval for any legal transaction.
_	At that point the agency announced its intention to keep all three vessels in the expectation that funding becomes available for three-vessel service in the future.
_	Thomas Johnson later showed that life extension of up to 65% was due to the mutation itself rather than due to calorie restriction, and he named the gene "age-1" in the expectation that other genes that control aging would be found.
_	Starting with the expectation that the rhythm of Gregorian chant (and thus the duration of the individual notes) anyway adds to the expressivity of the sacred Latin texts, several word-related variables were studied for their relationship with several neume-related variables, exploring these relationships in a sample of introit chants using such statistical methods as correlational analysis and multiple regression analysis.
_	Hale, the back cover descriptions of the second and third volumes left him "snickering", and gave him the expectation that "Kiss All the Boys" would be "pure garbage", as he had negative impressions of Kano's "Affair".
_	For high-energy solar neutrinos the MSW effect is important, and leads to the expectation that formula_2, where formula_3 is the solar mixing angle.
_	But Im's move had possible legal ramifications, and she was criticized for unprofessionalism, since the actors signed on to the drama (and turned down other offers) with the expectation that their roles would be prominent.
_	Forty-two suspects, such as Nobusuke Kishi, who later became Prime Minister, and Yoshisuke Aikawa, head of Nissan, were imprisoned in the expectation that they would be prosecuted at a second Tokyo Tribunal but they were never charged.
_	It is based on forcing the phase of the inverter's output to be slightly mis-aligned with the grid, with the expectation that the grid will overwhelm this signal.
_	The second stage involves making the player aware of his importance to the team and the expectation that the player will improve cohesion and performance within the reserve side.
_	Old Man Gloom released a promotional/alternate version of "The Ape of God" as a single album for music critics to review, also with the expectation that this version would inevitably be leaked online ahead of the official release date.
_	From 1971 to 1978, the MTAC also recruited ethnic Tibetan children from India and Nepal to study in Taiwan, with the expectation that they would work for a ROC government that returned to the mainland.
_	The New Jersey Attorney General must review the deal before it is official, with the expectation that the merger would be completed in 2016.
_	During the 33rd annual March for Life in 2006, the nomination of Judge Samuel Alito to the Supreme Court caused a major positive shift, because of the expectation that Alito would "win Senate approval and join a majority in overturning "Roe"."
_	Furthermore, the work function of SWCNT networks is in the 4.8 to 4.9 eV range (compared to ITO which has a lower work function of 4.7 eV) leading to the expectation that the SWCNT work function should be high enough to assure efficient hole collection.
_	Event-related expenses were covered by short-term credit based on the expectation that contributions would pour in following the free festival.
_	Initially used for training, they were formed into a tank battalion in 1935, with the expectation that they would be complemented with 14 light tanks ordered in Britain and France, at a cost of 40 million Greek drachmas.
_	The Southern Rhodesia Air Force (SRAF) was re-established in 1947 and two years later, Prime Minister Godfrey Huggins appointed a 32-year-old South African-born Rhodesian Spitfire pilot, Ted Jacklin, as air officer commanding tasked to build an air force in the expectation that British African territories would begin moving towards independence, and air power would be vital for land-locked Southern Rhodesia.
_	The company planned to build its Preston terminus at Dock Street (off Pitt Street), near the Lancaster Canal, in the expectation that the rival North Union Railway (NUR) line from Wigan would have its terminus close by.
_	This was tested using ERP analysis, with the expectation that the anomalous continuation would immediately elicit a large N400 effect relative to the coherent continuation, given that semantically anomalous, or even coherent but unexpected words, have been shown to elicit significantly larger N400 effects than semantically coherent or expected words about 150–250 ms after the onset of the critical word.
_	The WAPP intends to integrate the various national power systems into a unified regional electricity market - with the expectation that such mechanism would, over the medium to long-term, assure the citizens of ECOWAS member states a stable and reliable electricity supply at affordable costs, facilitating the balanced development of diverse energy resources for their collective economic benefit, through long-term energy sector cooperation, unimpeded energy transit and increasing cross-border electricity trade.
_	The American policy was basically to contain the spread of Communism, in the expectation that it would eventually collapse of internal contradictions.
_	Northern Democrat Van Burenites arrived at the convention on May 27, 1844, with the expectation that, possessing a majority of the delegates, they would quickly secure the candidacy for their man.
_	Efforts were made to repair the damage against the expectation that all would be well once the promised IT system was actually rolled out.
_	In 1834, the East India Company, in the expectation that the Mahra sultan of Qishn and Socotra, who resided at Qishn on the mainland, would accept an offer to sell the island, stationed a garrison on Socotra.
_	On August 3, the organization moved him to the Toledo Mud Hens, with the expectation that the move meant a return to the Major League club in the near future.
_	The Council then extended the stationing of the United Nations Peace-keeping Force in Cyprus for another six months until June 15, 1975, in the expectation that by then sufficient progress towards a final solution would make at least a partial withdrawal possible and again appealed to all parties to the conflict to extend their full co-operation to the Force.
_	In December 2007, the Onondaga County Legislature approved a six million dollar expansion of the elephant exhibit with the expectation that the expansion will allow the elephant breeding program to grow in the future.
_	This republic, and others formed at the time such as the Republic of Entre Ríos, were set up in the expectation that they would soon be united into a larger political grouping, perhaps even a confederacy uniting the provinces of the former Spanish Viceroyalties of Río de la Plata, Chile, and Peru.
_	"I suspect some may have had the expectation that the NTSB would be able to explain with certainty why the driver of the SUV ended up on the tracks that fateful evening," Sumwalt began.
_	In 1535, Archbishop Thomas Cranmer of Canterbury, under the Ecclesiastical Licences Act 1533, granted Swinnerton a licence to preach anywhere in the kingdom, probably in the expectation that he would promote the royal supremacy he had so ardently defended in print.
_	The order to invade Greece was given by Mussolini to Badoglio and Army Chief of Staff Mario Roatta on 15 October, with the expectation that the attack would commence within 12 days.
_	The emphasis is on the concept of the completed communicational circuit and implicit in the theory is the expectation that all units containing completed circuits will show mental characteristics.
_	Hurst reached the German penalty box and fired a powerful shot in the expectation that it would sail over the crossbar and waste time as the match drew to a close; the ball instead struck a divot as it bounced in front of Hurst and the shot connected well enough to beat the goalkeeper and hit the net to end the game at 4–2 to England.
_	On the Ironman distance some athletes use long compression socks in the expectation that an enhanced endurance will compensate for the extra time spent to put them on.
_	In February 2015, the Thai Cabinet approved a budget for land appropriation with the expectation that the extension would be tendered later in 2015.
_	"If aspirins will cure it, I'll take a couple tonight" (the taking is not a consequence of the curing, but a consequence of the expectation that they will cure).
_	The two lovers sing of their joy of being reunited and of the expectation that Ivan will lead the Russians to victory against the Khan.
_	Each sonata displays the melody and bass lines—with the expectation that a competent keyboard player would supply the omitted inner parts based on the figured bass markings.
_	The contrarian trader buys an instrument which has been falling, or short-sells a rising one, in the expectation that the trend will change.
_	"The Orrery" was painted without a commission, probably in the expectation that it would be bought by Washington Shirley, 5th Earl Ferrers, an amateur astronomer who had an orrery of his own, and with whom Wright's friend Peter Perez Burdett was staying while in Derbyshire.
_	In 1923 KI made Krauskopf a rabbi for life, with the expectation that he would retire soon.
_	Only what is included is necessary for play of the game, with the expectation that players who enjoy the experience will feel comfortable "graduating" to the full-blown ASL game series.
_	The state and county authorized construction of the prison in this location in the expectation that persons living in the Woodville area would be able to find jobs there.
_	Jan Pronk, the President of COP 6, suspended COP-6 without agreement, with the expectation that negotiations would later resume.
_	Feyd, like Paul Atreides, is also the product of a centuries-long breeding program organized by the Bene Gesserit, who planned their own alliance by joining a Harkonnen son to an Atreides daughter with the expectation that their offspring would have a high probability of being their hoped-for Kwisatz Haderach.
_	In organizational analysis, it refers to a practice in which different organizations promote each other's agendas, each in the expectation that the other will reciprocate.
_	Seven were eventually delivered, all to the South, based on the expectation that reunification would come quickly, and that the implementation of Sentetsu's electrification plans would continue.
_	Over the next few years Willard Bunnell helped found three new towns—Minneowah, Chatfield, and Homer—largely out of the expectation that Winona would fail because he judged the site prone to flooding.
_	Bellamy expounded in detail on Talleyrand's demands, including the expectation that ""you must pay a great deal of money.""
_	As the only son in his family, Michael Woo said he was brought up "with the expectation that I would have a leadership role of my own"; he worked in summer 1970 as a volunteer in the office of Assemblyman David Roberti and later for Democratic Senator William Proxmire of Wisconsin and in the presidential primary campaign of New York Mayor John V. Lindsay.
_	Females would disclose IQ more often than men with the expectation that a real true friend would respond in a positive way.
_	Nelson suggests a fundamental understanding, in which "Mellon accepted the idea of a new college in the expectation that Barr could raise the additional funds to sustain it, whereas Barr interpreted Mellon’s acceptance of the substitution as a sign that he, Mellon, would supply the necessary additional funds."
_	The aggressive attack mounted in the china scene against the class and the generation by which Wycherley was patronised with the expectation that he would defend it (against Sir Jaspar Fidget and Lady Fidget), suggests Canfield, would only let an audience of that class laugh comfortably if Horner were punished by actual impotence in the end, which he is not.
_	With the ability to carry ten relievers on the roster for a two-game series against the Los Angeles Dodgers in Sydney, Australia, he was named to their Opening Day roster, with the expectation that the Diamondbacks would assign him back to Triple-A after the series.
_	Lovestone had initially called his faction the Communist Party (Majority Group) in the expectation that the majority of party members would join him, but only a few hundred people joined his new organization.
_	Eventually, her son finds her - only to have Brainiac 4 try to kill him in the expectation that, if killing strangers caused her to feel good, killing her son will make her feel better.
_	The purpose of building Kyrkbron was to relieve Tegsbron from some of the traffic and Kyrkbron was designed with the expectation that there would be a drastic increase in car traffic in the city center, which proved to be highly optimistic.
_	Different items were tested to see if they played a role in the decision to drink alcohol, which includes socializing, the expectation that drinking is enjoyable, financial resources to purchase alcohol, and liberation from stress at the work place.
_	At the age of ten years old, he was sent to live with his maternal uncle, the abbé Dubost, a pastor in a nearby town, in the expectation that the abbé would sufficient train Dubuis fot entrance to the seminary.
_	Participant’s viewed high motivational intensity pictures (e.g., desserts) or neutral pictures (e.g., paper plates) and half of the participants who viewed the high motivational intensity pictures of desserts were given the expectation that they would eat the desserts later, while the other half were not.
_	Settlements in Massalia in southern France and along the shores of the Black Sea soon followed, with the expectation that not only would colonial wine production supply domestic needs, but also create trading opportunities to meet the demand of the nearby city-states.
_	Franklin ended up with the DNA from Signer, Gosling became her PhD student, and she had the expectation that DNA X-ray diffraction work was her project.
_	She was deeply shocked to learn the real reason why Bao Dai had appointed Diem Prime Minister was out of the expectation that he would fail in order to neutralize him as the State of Vietnam was in a serious political and economic crisis by 1954 that almost nobody expected Diem to master, and she never forgave either the Emperor or the French for their plot to ruin Diem.
_	This freshwater snail species is used as a model organism, in other words, a non-human species which is extensively studied to understand a biological phenomenon, with the expectation that discoveries made in the model will provide insight into the workings of other organisms.
_	For Britain, the main goals were promoting Franco-German reconciliation, and the expectation that reconciliation would lead to France abandoning its "Cordon sanitaire", as the French alliance system in Eastern Europe was known between the wars.
_	In ancient societies there was the expectation that such favors be repaid, and this semi-formal system of favors acted like loans.
_	The phrase is primarily derived from old and new testament references, and is now used in the Christian and mainstream press, and in scholarly religious discourse to communicate a strong emphasis on recognizing perceived manifestations of the Holy Spirit—the third person, with God the Father and God the Son, of the Christian Trinity—in the contemporary lives of Christian believers; as well, it communicates a focus on the expectation that divine action would be experienced in the individual and corporate life of the modern Christian church, and a further insistence that followers actively seek the "gifts of the Spirit".
_	By removing the expectation that participants would be asked to donate money, they were able to reverse the typical
_	There is an emphasis on geography with the expectation that graduates of Nativity will be well versed in political and physical geography.
_	Reports reiterated the expectation that Hathaway would enter a guilty plea as part of a deal with federal prosecutors.
_	In this model, a history of receiving effective care from intimate others (whether parents in childhood or romantic partners in adulthood) promotes a sense of attachment security – an interpersonal orientation characterized by the expectation that other people may be relied on for support, and subsequent comfort with intimacy and emotional closeness.
_	Although the Queen was set against Beatrice marrying anyone in the expectation that she would always stay at home with her, a number of possible suitors were put forward before Beatrice's marriage to Prince Henry of Battenberg.
_	The junctions on the Naas Bypass and Newbridge Bypass sections of the M7 were previously numbered J7-J11 (now renumbered Junctions 9-13), in the expectation that an M7 motorway would be built along a new alignment.
_	Each capsule is capable of destroying all human life within a 3,000-mile diameter, with the expectation that humanity will use "all" the capsules, obliterating itself, leaving the Earth free for alien colonization.
_	Disclosure to third parties, when required to obtain service, does not waive the expectation that the disclosed information not be shared with other individuals or entities.
_	Binukot (Hiligaynon: confined, secluded or restricted) is a Filipino cultural practice that secludes a young person (usually a young woman) with the expectation that seclusion will result in a higher value placed on the individual by marital suitors in the future.
_	Jack stops Kenneth from leaving, explains that he only made Kenneth bet his job to prove his power over him, and returns the jacket to Kenneth with the expectation that he come in early on Monday.
_	Vauxhall produced two Cromwell pilot models - with a turret similar to that of the Churchill - in the expectation that they would build Cromwells once production of Churchill was terminated in 1943 but Churchill production was extended and Vauxhall withdrew from Cromwell programme.
_	In Scotland, where the educational system is completely different from the rest of UK, the Church of Scotland was established in 1560, during the Protestant Reformation period as the official state religion, and in the following year it set out to provide a school in every parish controlled by the local kirk-session, with education to be provided free to the poor, and the expectation that church pressure would ensure that all children took part.
_	In the business world, stockholders, customers, business partners and governments have the expectation that corporate officers will run the business in accordance with accepted business practices and in compliance with laws and other regulatory requirements.
_	The state contended that the expectation that has arisen between the petitioners and the Corporation is of a relationship pursuant to a contract and beyond contract the petitioners are not entitled to anything as regard their service.
_	In order to prevent the CCF from winning in a three party competition, the government introduced instant-runoff voting, with the expectation that Conservative voters would list the Liberals as their second choice and vice versa.
_	The MCL for copper is based on the expectation that a lifetime of consuming copper in water at this level is without adverse effect (gastrointestinal).
_	The inquest was adjourned initially to 13 March in the expectation that the crew of the aircraft would be fit enough to attend.
_	Clayton did not have the money to complete the transaction, and in October 1932, Clayton decided to cease publication of "Astounding", with the expectation that the January 1933 issue would be the last one.
_	This is due to the expectation that Highway 7 would be redirected as a controlled-access highway that would link up Conestoga Parkway and Hanlon Parkway, bypassing Victoria Street, connecting to the Conestoga via a 4-level interchange (a rarity outside of the Greater Toronto Area) to be built over the existing Wellington Street parclo junction.
_	Milan's last independent ruler, Lodovico il Moro, called French king Charles VIII into Italy in the expectation that France might be an ally in inter-Italian wars.
_	EPA staff recall that in the early days there was "an enormous sense of purpose and excitement" and the expectation that "there was this agency which was going to do something about a problem that clearly was on the minds of a lot of people in this country," leading to tens of thousands of resumes from those eager to participate in the mighty effort to clean up America's environment.
_	At the appeal hearing, Elizabeth Lee’s defence team raised the issue of the CPS protocol, with the expectation that a more favourable appeal outcome might be obtained if the appeal was heard after its publication.
_	Some high-stakes tests may be standardized tests (in which all examinees take the same test under reasonably equal conditions), with the expectation that standardization affords all examinees a fair and equal opportunity to pass.
_	From 1971 to 1978, the MTAC also recruited ethnic Tibetan children from India and Nepal to study in Taiwan, with the expectation that they would work for a ROC government that returned to the mainland.
_	To promote natural infection, a common practice is to arrange contact between seronegative gilts and seropositive sows, with the expectation that one or more of the sows will be shedding virus.
_	The Lannan Foundation, which "provides financial assistance to tribes and nonprofits that serve Native American communities..." has said that it gave more than $7 million in grants to the Blackfeet fund from 1998 to 2009 to support the litigation, in the expectation that the grants would be repaid in full after settlement.
_	Henry was given a large sum of money, usually reported as £5,000, with the expectation that he would also be given his mother's modest set of lands in Buckinghamshire and Gloucestershire.
_	By contrast, precise calculations can be extremely complex but with the expectation that the answer they produce is correct.
_	The bonus was offered with the expectation that a number of men would be employed which quickly came to pass.
_	Mexican conservatives had invited Maximilian to be Mexico's monarch with the expectation that he would implement policies favorable to conservatives.
_	In evolutionary biology, reciprocal altruism is a behaviour whereby an organism acts in a manner that temporarily reduces its fitness while increasing another organism's fitness, with the expectation that the other organism will act in a similar manner at a later time.
_	The film centers upon a nameless student (Pit Bukowski) who has rented a room at a lake-side home with the expectation that he will find peace and quiet.
_	The CHUM-Astral service, however, was never launched, and its license expired on June 16, 2007; CHUM stated that its business plan was based in part on the expectation that in the interests of Canadian content, the CRTC would have rejected the Sirius and XM applications, approving "only" the CHUM-Astral service.
_	Essex was nominated for the post of Lord Lieutenant of Ireland by the Cecil faction, in the expectation that he would fail.
_	EW reflected on the outrage that some in the LGBT community have expressed about the image of gay men the series projects, answering that criticism by noting that other reality series including "The Real Housewives" franchise are not viewed with the expectation that its participants are representative of the class as a whole.
_	Don Tillman is an Australian genetics professor who has spent his days organizing his life with the expectation that it will reduce inefficiency, improve himself as a person, and make him an all around happier person.
_	Farber testified in the case but cited the First Amendment of the United States Constitution when he refused to turn over thousands of pages of the reporter's notes that the defense had requested, citing a compelling right to protect the identity of the sources used in the articles from individuals who had spoken to him with the expectation that their confidence would be maintained.
_	These companies offered their services or products for free or at a discount with the expectation that they could build enough brand awareness to charge profitable rates for their services in the future.
_	When the school guidance counselor, Mr. Matthews (Christopher B. Duncan) convinces the family to take in an international student, they accept him with the expectation that he will be a good-looking European or Latin American student that will make Justin popular.
_	Like Empress Matilda and Elizabeth of York, her claim to the English throne gained little support from the barons, due to the expectation that the monarch should be male, despite legal provision for a female monarch.
_	The Reno location was opened in 2010 with the expectation that its added capacity would satisfy demand for the next five years.
_	CBT may help prevent persistence of iatrogenic symptoms – those that occur because health care providers create the expectation that they will.
_	The saloon-keeper relied on the expectation that most customers would buy more than one drink, and that the practice would build patronage for other times of day.
_	These land deals were probably made in the expectation that, when more settlers arrived, land prices would rise.
_	In one such attempt, during the feast of Saturn (the Saturnalia), he and Nero were playing a game among a group of their friends, and Nero chose Britannicus to sing a song with the expectation that Britannicus would embarrass himself.
_	Children were thrown into pits alive, to save bullets, in the expectation that they would quickly freeze to death.
_	One factor that frequently contributes to a bubble is the presence of buyers who purchase an asset based solely on the expectation that they can later resell it at a higher price, rather than calculating the income it will generate in the future.
_	The two camps could not come to an agreement as to who should become the country's 12th president, and so, as a result of a provision in the country's Constitution, the powers of the Presidency transferred to the Government in the expectation that an agreement would be reached shortly afterwards.
_	It seems curious that a text so obviously written with the expectation that it would be widely copied should exist in only one manuscript and that, apparently, a draft.
_	United Nations Security Council resolution 1116, adopted unanimously on 27 June 1997, after recalling all resolutions on the situation in Liberia, particularly Resolution 1100 (1997), the Council extended the mandate of the United Nations Observer Mission in Liberia (UNOMIL) until 30 September 1997 with the expectation that it will terminate on that date.
_	Adolescents may adopt behaviors with the expectation that this will lead to friendship or acceptance in a peer group.
_	This is evidenced by the west end of the building that went unfinished with the expectation that construction would continue along in that direction, but was only subsequently connected to the university's newer engineering facility (now termed "Old Engineering Hall") in 1955.
_	The authors begin by stating in the abstract that CSs contribute data with the expectation that it will be used.
_	After the coalition fell apart in 1951, the government introduced the Alternative Vote, with the expectation that Conservative voters would list the Liberals as their second choice and vice versa.
_	It is believed that, under pressure to get to his harbour station on the bridge, he had left G deck with the bow doors open in the expectation that Stanley would arrive shortly.
_	The families usually part after this initial meeting without any commitment made by either side and with the expectation that they will confer separately and send word through the matchmaker should they be interested in pursuing matters.
_	Lincoln thought that the Declaration of Independence expressed the highest principles of the American Revolution, and that the Founding Fathers had tolerated slavery with the expectation that it would ultimately wither away.
_	In 2008 it was reported that not more than ten Christian Brothers were teaching in Irish schools, with the expectation that there would soon be none.
_	"In particular, it is dependent on the accuracy of the threat aircraft’s reported altitude and on the expectation that the threat aircraft will not make an abrupt maneuver that defeats the TCAS Resolution Advisory (RA).
_	The reliance will seldom be express: it will usually arise by implication from the circumstances: thus to take a case like that in question, of a purchase from a retailer, the reliance will be in general inferred from the fact that a buyer goes to the shop in the confidence that the tradesman has selected his stock with skill and judgment: the retailer need know nothing about the process of manufacture: it is immaterial whether he be manufacturer or not: the main inducement to deal with a good retail shop is the expectation that the tradesman will have bought the right goods of a good make: the goods sold must be, as they were in the present case, goods of a description which it is in the course of the seller's business to supply: there is no need to specify in terms the particular purpose for which the buyer requires the goods, which is none the less the particular purpose within the meaning of the section, because it is the only purpose for which any one would ordinarily want the goods.
_	In 2010 the Athens Conservancy purchased about thirteen miles of former B&O Railroad grade to expand trail opportunities, with the expectation that this right-of-way will eventually be connected to this bikeway.
_	Simulation participants engage with disaster scenarios such as floods or landslides, with the expectation that participants will be able to practice and reflect upon their response strategies and therefore be better equipped to deal with future disasters.
_	On December 27, 2006, Simms announced that he had signed a two-year extension to remain with the Buccaneers with the expectation that he would start.
_	As the officer orders him to drop his gun and surrender, a boastful Michael commits suicide by shooting himself in the expectation that he will ascend to Heaven.
_	All of these characters defied the expectation that blacks would live low, submissive lives and fulfill the desires of the white man.
_	The Quakers had promoted the peace policy in the expectation that applying Christian principles to Indian affairs would eliminate corruption and speed assimilation.
_	In other words, one may pay a price that seems "foolishly" high because one may rationally have the expectation that the item can be resold to a "greater fool" later.
_	The Canadian Police Association states that police officers accept this risk, with the expectation that they will be properly supported by their employers, lawmakers and the justice system when they are the subject of malicious attacks, including malicious allegations with respect to conduct.
_	Fantasy is generally distinguished from the genre of science fiction by the expectation that it steers clear of scientific themes, though there is a great deal of overlap between the two.
_	The rationale for this strategy was based on the expectation that there would be widespread installation of distributed generation (electricity generated close to where it is used), and that this would significantly reduce the need to expand and renew the grid.
_	Other reasons include patrilineal customs whereby only sons can carry on the family name, the obligation to pay dowry to a daughter's husband or his family, and the expectation that sons will support their birth parents financially while it is regarded as undesirable or shameful to receive financial support from daughters.
_	They used a variety of ways to persuade their disciples to migrate; some explained their belief that circumstances would be difficult for people who did not immigrate, some simply gave dogmatic reasons such as "God is not here any more", while others gave no reason at all and made declarations such as "We are leaving tomorrow" in the expectation that their followers would obey without question.
_	One of his first acts was to hire Ken Mantell away from Von Erich's World Class, with the expectation that Mantell could bring across World Class fans and talent to the renamed Universal Wrestling Federation (UWF).
_	A few examples of the Alpine GTA were imported into the Canadian province of Quebec, with the expectation that AMC/Renault would be adding the model to their Canadian lineup.
_	Grazian also notes that nightclubs and club culture can create an environment that encourage or tolerate the "harassment and degradation of women," citing the expectation that both female workers and patrons of bars and nightclubs engage in highly sexualized performances of femininity including dressing in a particularly sexual manner in order to gain entrance to clubs.
_	Associated with the under-age competition was the temporary abolition of district football with the expectation that when peace returned players would return to the club for which they would ordinarily be zoned.
_	Amendments to ANCSA extended that deadline until 1994, with the expectation that BLM would complete processing of land transfers subject to overlapping Native claims by 2009.
_	A postal inspector arrived to investigate the complaints and recommended that the post office be closed; in response, a white mob burned it down with the expectation that no one would rent space for use as a post office while Baker remained postmaster.
_	The third camera was "placed at an angle different from either of the others" and "was used in the expectation that a unique angle might provide a more interesting view of the dramatic action".
_	With the expectation that Kuwait City would be once again invaded by Iraqi forces, Coalition Forces Land Component Command established its headquarters in Doha, Qatar and the CPIC in Kuwait City ceded to the commanders in Qatar its authority to release any information to the media.
_	The gifts offered by the human being take the form of sacrifice, with the expectation that the god will return something of value, prompting gratitude and further sacrifices in a perpetuating cycle.
_	One of these was the leaky homes crisis, whereby the loosening up of building standards (in the expectation that market forces would assure quality) led to many thousands of severely deficient buildings, mostly residential homes and apartments, being constructed over a period of a decade.
_	During the Summer of 1983, Mould, daCosta and Crawford extended this work to a distance of 2.5 million light years by recording CCD spectrograms of Globular Clusters orbiting the Andromeda Galaxy at the Cassegrain Focus of the Five Meter Hale Telescope at Palomar Mountain Observatory, with the Standard Candle being determined by the expectation that the spectra of each cluster as a whole would be dominated by the spectrum of the brightest star in it.
_	The school was built with the expectation that it would house 945 students.
_	Prior to the 2014 season, Starks and the Packers agreed on a two-year contract worth $3.165 million with the expectation that he would be the backup to Eddie Lacy.
_	Together, these observations may indicate that milk microbial communities have coevolved with their human host, supported by the expectation that microbes which promote host health facilitate their own transmission and proliferation.
_	Sarawak was granted independent self-rule on 22 July 1963, on the expectation that it would jointly form the Federation of Malaysia on 16 September the same year.
_	The Ten Principles of Landscape Approach include the need for continual learning and adaptive management, which incorporates participatory monitoring; the expectation that actions take place at multiple scales and that landscapes are multifunctional (e.g. supplying both goods, such as timber and food, and services, such as water and biodiversity protection); and although there will be multiple stakeholders, they nonetheless have a common concern about the landscape, negotiate change with each other in a transparent way, and their rights and responsibilities are clear or become clear through the process.
_	To suggest singes, the model had been painted with black-tinged rubber cement, with the expectation that this application would rub off.
_	Nutting, however, ordered a large production run regardless, on the expectation that the distributors would come around with further exposure.
_	Carrel had pioneered the treatment of wounds with the expectation that infection was inevitable without proper care, and had helped create an antiseptic called the Carrel-Dakin solution.
_	Because of the horrific nature of thermonuclear weapons, and the expectation that "The Progressive" would probably lose the case, mainstream media organizations feared that the result would be an erosion of freedom of the press.
_	The mould and two pairs of ears were listed by Christie's auction house in 2000, with the expectation that the mould itself would sell for up to $20,000.
_	These land deals were probably made in the expectation that, with more settlers, land prices would rise.
_	In general, informal social controls in the home and community helped maintain the expectation that the abuse of alcohol was unacceptable.
_	It was speculated that Kasich was looking towards a 2020 campaign, with the expectation that Trump would be defeated in the 2016 campaign.
_	A sequence of events may be focused on past events (e.g., stories, history, chronology), on future events that must be in a predetermined order (e.g., plans, schedules, procedures, timetables), or focused on the observation of past events with the expectation that the events will occur in the future (e.g., processes, projections).
_	In September 1988, the Elim congregation left the building and it was put up for sale again, with the expectation that it would become a restaurant or pub—ending 300 years of religious worship on the site.
_	Player salaries were increased to a point where the sport is now semi-professional in both countries, with the expectation that the sport will eventually become fully professional.
_	The Iceni were allowed quasi-independence, with the expectation that the kingdom would revert to Roman control on Prasutagus' death.
_	At the same time, the 827th had trained with the expectation that the gunners would fire only on the direct instruction of their own officers, which limited both their ability to co-operate with outsiders and their willingness to adapt and improvise during small-scale combat.
_	The MOPs, along with many of the other military organizations on Earth, was disbanded with the expectation that they would join the IF.
_	The memorandum went on to note that the draft Letter of Expectations provided to the Minister for Arts, Culture and Heritage Maggie Barry for signature established the expectation that Ngā Taonga Sound & Vision would continue to deliver this work within baseline funding.
_	The game's plot twist, where the player discovers that the player-character Jack has been coerced into events by the trigger phrase, "Would you kindly...", is considered one of the strongest narrative elements of recent games, in part that it subverted the expectation that the player has control and influence on the game.
_	The area was then called "Vanderbilt Rock" with the expectation that City and State officials would arrange its removal as a hazard to navigation.
_	Nonetheless, Abu Zakariya ordered the leg irons taken off in the expectation that a deal might yet be struck with the new regime in Lisbon.
_	Nouakchott was planned with the expectation that commerce and other economic activities would not take place in the city.
_	On 11 March, the Northern Division activated its Emergency Operations Centre and directed precautionary measures to be undertaken, with the expectation that flash flooding and coastal flooding from high tides were set to occur.
_	With an equatorial rotational velocity of 25 km per second, this is faster than for the giant planets of the Solar System, in line with the expectation that the more massive a giant planet, the faster it spins.
_	As another example, giraffe have been studied because of their long necks and the expectation that this would lead to specializations related to the regulation of blood pressure.
_	At age fourteen he entered a gymnasium (high school) in Darmstadt with the expectation that he would follow his father into the ministry.
_	After German annexation of parts of Czechoslovakia and changes of borders, Polish planners revised the plan with the expectation that a main thrust would originate from Silesia - through Piotrków and Łódź towards Warsaw and Kraków.
_	Tatangelo, meanwhile, decided to run for mayor to challenge the status quo, or the so-called "Old Party" or the "patron system" or the "Independent Club", by which voters defer to one or two usually elected officials in the community with the expectation that those individuals will provide personal favors when needed.
_	Venture capitalists and angel investors provide financing to a range of startups (a portfolio), with the expectation that a very small number of the startups will become viable and make money.
_	Paxman opened the interview with the question "so Michael, are you going to miss the limo?"—a reference to the expectation that the Conservatives were headed for defeat and thus he would no longer be a Minister.
_	However, given appropriate prior knowledge, the sum should be adjusted in proportion to the expectation that the prior probabilities should be considered correct, despite evidence to the contrary — see further analysis.
_	The Post-Keynesian theory of debt deflation takes a demand-side view, arguing that property owners not only feel richer but borrow to (i) consume against the increased value of their property – by taking out a home equity line of credit, for instance; or (ii) speculate by buying property with borrowed money in the expectation that it will rise in value.
_	Initially, this culture began with the expectation that if adult spectators pass a foul or home run ball to a child, the conflicts between the adults to get the ball might decrease.
_	The book "Investigating Information Society" said the convention was arbitrarily imposed by filmmakers in the genre with the expectation that audiences would understand the categorizations.
_	Äs recovers and assumes a more monstrous form on the expectation that Byakuya is going to be his opponent, only to be destroyed when Rukia activates her Bankai, Hakka no Togame, and takes him out in one hit.
_	With the expectation that most of the talented players from the previous season (Burke, Robinson, Hardaway and McGary) would enter the draft, Michigan was not projected as a ranked team by ESPN.
_	At Carl Remy's recommendation, the Monks were scheduled to tour in Vietnam, and persuaded to incorporate subtle psychedelic rock influences into their third single, under the expectation that it could theoretically expand the Monks' dwindling audience.
_	This threat was followed up with the movement of British troops under the command of Barry St. Leger to occupy Fort Ticonderoga in October, timed to coincide with the next meeting of the assembly, but sent with the expectation that they would be welcomed into Vermont.
_	Illuzzi stipulated to an 18 month suspension with the expectation that his stipulations would mitigate the Supreme Court's complaint, but the Professional Conduct Board recommended disbarment.
_	In 1619 he returned to England permanently, in the expectation that his chance of gaining office there would be improved by his presence.
_	Orwell identifies the reason for such errors to be the expectation that events will follow the course on which they appear to be set.
_	Within each signaling method, a number of standard speeds, known as "gears", is defined, with the expectation that additional gears will be defined in future versions of the standard.
_	Wilson signed his National Letter of Intent with Michigan on November 13, 2013, with the expectation that Jordan Morgan would graduate from the 2013–14 Wolverines team and both Glenn Robinson III and Mitch McGary would enter the 2014 NBA draft.
_	Harum was an inveterate horse-trader and considered engaging in the dubious practices long associated with this activity as morally justified by the expectation that similar practices would be employed by his adversary.
_	Invoking these norms and values allows the group to proceed in a rational and coherent manner with the expectation that their subsequent behavior is legitimated by the norms and values which guide their organizations.
_	The next year, he discussed with his friend Benjamin McCulloch raising a company of volunteers to take to Texas in the expectation that a revolution was imminent.
_	When Deutsche Telekom purchased VoiceStream Wireless in 2001, the CWA helped the company gain approval for access to the U.S. market, with the expectation that Deutsche Telekom would be open to letting employees freely choose union representation in the United States.
_	The 7th Duke ceded the title to his fourth and youngest son in the expectation that the two titles will definitely be disjoined in the future.
_	Simon Spotlight Entertainment sold the book blindly to the retailers, with the expectation that it would create a media uproar for the contents and the nature of the memoir.
_	With the expectation that the Big Ten would form an ice hockey conference since there were now the requisite 6 teams participating at the Division I level the showcase lost its importance and Wisconsin declined to renew the event for the 2011 season.
_	It later emerged that Harding had also promised former Utah senator George Sutherland a seat on the Supreme Court, and was waiting in the expectation that another place would become vacant.
_	Edwards was born in Montreal and educated at a military academy with the expectation that he would pursue a career as a British Army officer.
_	It also shares criticisms with speed chess in general, potentially encouraging a habit of moving too fast or playing unsoundly with the expectation that one's opponent will be moving quickly.
_	This allegedly angered Jack Brabham, as the car had been sold to Williams with the expectation that it would be used in the Tasman Series and then converted to Formula 5000.
_	The Coliseum was shuttered in 1986 with the expectation that it would be demolished as soon as an agreement with developers was finalized.
_	Field workers are also testing the effectiveness of disease suppression by trapping and removing diseased devils, with the expectation that removal of diseased devils from wild populations would decrease disease prevalence, allowing devils to survive beyond juvenile years and so to breed.
_	The ground was broken in 2009, with the expectation that completion will take about 20 years.
_	In Europe, crime prevention is thought to have shifted away from reducing opportunities for money laundering towards an emphasis on the demonstration of compliance with systems and procedures (tick-box culture) with the expectation that they will prevent money laundering from occurring.
_	The 12th principle (Genchi Genbutsu) sets out the expectation that managers will personally evaluate operations so that they have a firsthand understanding of situations and problems.
_	The individual then operates in their lives with the expectation that this model is largely correct, and strives to revise the model when his/her experiences can not be interpreted as compatible with the current state of the model.
_	Eventually, he was appointed the coadjutor of the Diocese of Philadelphia, which would have elevated him to the episcopate, with the expectation that he would eventually become the Bishop of Philadelphia, but he declined the position and the elevation.
_	Meanwhile, Duncan was re-victualing in Yarmouth with his fleet of about equal strength, but he soon returned to the Texel in the expectation that de Winter would not be too far away.
_	Since Louis had fathered no sons, the expectation that he would bequeath Hungary, Poland, and his claims to the Kingdom of Naples and Provence to his daughters made them desirable spouses for members of the European royal families.
_	As a regularly staffed unit, the Initiative continues into a new Administration with a "skeleton crew" on the expectation that a new executive order will be issued or until such time as the staff is reassigned by the Secretary.
_	The College Board also encourages the use of a graphing calculator over a scientific calculator, saying that the test was "developed with the expectation that most students are using graphing calculators."
_	Blue Button was designed to empower patients with their own health data and improve the quality of patient-clinician interactions with the expectation that these would contribute to enhanced quality of life, better treatment outcomes and potential reduction in costs.
_	All but two Mounties left at that point, with the expectation that an RCMP team which specialised in stolen vehicle searches would arrive in the morning.
_	The city had denied the permit, because of the expectation that the area was being made into a historic district.
_	In September 1506, following Isabella's death, he laid siege in the expectation that the gates would quickly be opened to his forces.
_	The following week it was reported that Taylor had suffered an MCL injury during the game, with the expectation that he would miss the Bills'
_	City vehicles were ordered with the expectation that they would enter service in November 2015.
_	It was then decided that, from 1 July 1997, MONUVA would be established for an initial period ending on 31 October 1997, with the expectation that the mission would terminate by 1 February 1998.
_	His focus soon shifted from satisfying Brazil's terms to a more immediate goal of hammering out a deal between the antagonists in the civil war, with the expectation that only a more stable regime would be able to reach a settlement with Brazil.
_	Though she said she loves Charlie, Amita did not want him to meet her father, as Mr. Ramanujan always had the expectation that she would only date men born in India.
_	D-day planning was greatly affected by weather forecasting; it was delayed by one day in the expectation that a storm would blow out and sea conditions would be acceptable.
_	The goal of these "Test Cycles" is to define, in detail, standardised driving cycles that can be performed using a finished vehicle (rather than an engine test rig) which can be used repeatedly with the expectation that consistent results will be produced.
_	Such was the expectation that Labor would lose, many senior Labor figures openly told Keating that his job was to save as many seats as possible, so that their time in opposition would be short.
_	Careful consideration of the record as it is available to us leads us to conclude that further extensive study of UFOs probably cannot be justified in the expectation that science will be advanced thereby."
_	In 2003, the OPEC Fund for International Development, the Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa, and the Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development provided a loan for this project with the expectation that the Ghanaian government dredge the lagoon and restore its surroundings.
_	On 2 September 2003 the W3C stopped development of the library due a lack of resources, with the expectation that any further development would come from the open source community.
_	According to Dr David Turner, the expectation that there were considerable costs that could be slashed from the system was not fulfilled; new operators found that BR had already done much of what could be done to improve efficiency.
_	As of 2017, NASA is funding a competitive study of five candidate heliophysics Small Explorers missions, with the expectation that one finalist proposal will be selected as a mission for flight in 2022.
_	In 2003, while Anderson was playing for the Lions, he was trained as a firefighter with the expectation that he may lose his position on the team after that season.
_	While Turner does not make an actual appearance in the play, he is often referred to with the expectation that the audience is aware of who he is.
_	The use of formal methods for software and hardware design is motivated by the expectation that, as in other engineering disciplines, performing appropriate mathematical analysis can contribute to the reliability and robustness of a design.
_	According to this model, brain circuitry encodes the expectation that tactile stimuli tend to move slowly.
_	Vesco made a $200,000 cash donation to the 1972 Nixon presidential campaign with the expectation that he would receive favorable treatment from the SEC.
_	This explains many features of human social life, for example, we do a favor for someone with the expectation that the favor would be remembered, and lead to a return in the future.
_	The turnover threshold in which small businesses would be eligible for this lower tax rate will be raised significantly, from $2 million to $10 million, with the expectation that it will once again be raised to $25 million in 2017–18, $50 million in 2018–19, and eventually $100 million in 2019–20.
_	When Ninewells opened in 1974, DRI remained as the principal emergency centre for Dundee, with the expectation that this, and other functions it retained, would be moved at a later date when additional facilities were developed on the Ninewells site.
_	He was raised with the expectation that he would run the family business.
_	This is complicated by the fact that Frances dislikes Millie, but he is encouraged by the expectation that Andrew and Frances will soon marry.
_	Albert-Bernard Bongo was appointed as Vice President in 1966 with the expectation that he would constitutionally succeed the ailing President Leon M'ba, and he did so following M'ba's death in November 1967.
_	Despite the planned economy, required materials and tools were not always available on time, and the work could go slowly, or workers might have been reassigned to do something else, with the expectation that the job would be done when the materials arrive.
_	While Flutie was a low-cost signing for the Bills, Johnson was being paid $25 million over 4 years with the expectation that he become the Bills' franchise quarterback.
_	In summary, based upon the expectation that the opponents are likely to bid and make game, it is advantageous to preempt, compete or sacrifice for down three when vulnerability is favorable, down two when equal and down one when unfavorable.
_	Dispersal is normally localized in space, lending to the expectation that individuals from closer subpopulations will be more genetically similar.
_	Equally important, but sometimes overlooked, was the expectation that the newly established village should be a community in the fullest sense.
_	of intervention in ongoing conflicts with the expectation that the indictments, arrests, and
_	Many of his writings were too nicely adapted to the needs of his own day to justify the expectation that they would long survive it, but few men exercised more religious influence in their own generation, especially on young men.
_	One cow was fed corn, while the other was fed rolled oats and straw with the expectation that the experiment would last one year.
_	Each sonata displays the melody and bass lines—with the expectation that a competent keyboard player would supply the omitted inner parts based on the figured bass markings.
_	The expected percentage change in the exchange rate is a depreciation of 1.87% for the GBP (it now only costs $1.4071 to purchase 1 GBP rather than $1.4339), which is consistent with the expectation that the value of the currency in the country with a higher interest rate will depreciate.
_	In addition to facilitating the actors, the scenery was also designed with the expectation that it could be presented outside as well, due to the closing of Meyerhold's theater.
_	The ruling party was left with 61 of the 120 parliamentary seats, and ABC leaders expressed the expectation that more LCD members would defect, which would have given the opposition a majority.
_	Milan's last independent ruler, Lodovico il Moro, called French king Charles VIII into Italy in the expectation that France might be an ally against other Italian statelets.
_	Assuming the data is reliable, reasons for falling growth rates and fertility rates probably include late marriage, urbanization, limited housing space, and the expectation that women would participate equally in work hours in the labor force.
_	Commitment, on the other hand, is the expectation that the relationship is permanent.
_	Whilst most oncologists will treat a selection of common general oncology cases, there is increasing specialisation, with the expectation that consultants will specialise in one or two subsites.
_	Some women have challenged the expectation that women should wear high heels in formal social situations.
_	Although voting for the second resolution, United Kingdom privately opposed it on account of the already dire humanitarian situation and the expectation that there would be a backlash against UN aid organizations providing relief in the country.
_	The opening minutes of the game lived up to the expectation that the game was going to be a classic.
_	With the second highest gross domestic product at purchasing power parity, China poses a significant challenge to U.S. economic primacy especially with the expectation that U.S. national debt could explode to 717% of GDP by 2080 according to Congressional Budget office.
_	Many in Sudan believed that this internal province should be given full autonomy as a new Anglican province, with the expectation that the metropolitan archbishop would become archbishop and primate.
_	Some reason of starting a number higher than 1 is due to the expectation that the highway will extend on both ends.
_	The limitation on the number of children which a donor's sperm may give rise to is usually expressed in terms of 'families', on the expectation that children within the family are prohibited from sexual relations under incest laws.
_	Because of the unique situation, the new roadway was designated as a State Route using the same number, with the expectation that it would be eligible for an Interstate designation upon completion and cession of ownership to the Commonwealth.
_	The spectators lined the first hole in the expectation that the match would continue but it was decided that the light was too poor to continue that evening.
_	Many cultures instil the expectation that people take mythical gods and heroes as their role models, imitating their deeds and upholding the customs they established:
_	The same month, the two sources for Nuzzi's "Daily Beast" article revealed to "The Daily Caller" that they had coordinated beforehand to mislead Nuzzi (particularly about the existence of a campaign) under the expectation that she would uncritically repeat what she was told, with one saying, "Basically, I interspersed various nuggets of truth and exaggerated a lot of things, and sometimes outright lied—in the interest of making a journalist believe that online Trump supporters are largely a group of meme-jihadis who use a cartoon frog to push Nazi propaganda.
_	By chance, she had also been given an introduction to Gordon Chater, who immediately accepted her offer on the expectation that the new show would be a TV version of the famous Phillip St Revues, in which he had been starring.
_	Labour repeatedly condemned Chamberlain for engaging in an arms race with Germany, and instead urged that Britain simply be disarmed out of the expectation that this example would inspire all of the other powers to do likewise.
_	Although the 2011 season brought less individual success for Porte, through the expectation that he would become a key domestique for Alberto Contador in his overall victory in the Giro d'Italia, Porte continued his strong time trial performances; placing third in Paris–Nice and eighth at the Tour of the Basque Country.
_	The shoot began on June 26, 2003, with the expectation that it would take nine days (as opposed to the usual seven) to complete.
_	At that time, there was still the expectation that a great unknown South Land would exist.
_	She proved a force in the judiciary of Sierra Leone, once confronting Andrew Juxon-Smith with the expectation that she would be arrested.
_	From this has evolved the modern conception of property as a right enforced by positive law, in the expectation that this will produce more wealth and better standards of living.
_	On February 9, 2012 the club announced it would compete in the newly formed WPSL Elite for the 2012 season, with the expectation that it would rejoin the WPS for the 2013 season.
_	Timmy Tiptoes is a squirrel believed to be a nut-thief by his fellows, and imprisoned by them in a hollow tree with the expectation that he will confess under confinement.
_	Papen wanted to see Austria gradually absorbed into the German "Reich" as the Austrian economy became integrated with the German economy and with Nazis serving in the Austrian cabinet, with the expectation that Austria would eventually disappear into Germany.
_	The 393d and other P-38 units stationed in England were selected for these missions with the expectation that the distinctive silhouette of the Lightning would prevent potential friendly fire incidents by anti-aircraft gunners mistaking them for enemy fighters.
_	Unlike the expectation that Mihajlović would be declared the best guitarist of the event, the judges decided that the best four guitarists were Bata Kostić of YU grupa, Vedran Božić of Time, Josip Boček formerly of Korni Grupa, and Goran Bregović of Bijelo Dugme, all of whom, unlike Mihailović, were signed to Jugoton, the event's principal organizer.
_	The cue sheet format, as specified in the CDRWIN Users Manual, doesn't support file sets of this type; rather, it's designed with the expectation that all of the audio data exists in a single file (CDRWIN only creates cue sheets for that kind of rip) or in separate files, but only with the gap portions of the audio either removed or placed at the beginning of the files.
_	The merger gave the "Kenseikai" a total of 198 seats in the Lower House of the Diet of Japan, thus forming a majority, and raised the expectation that Katō Takaaki would become the next Prime Minister.
_	The CP instead focused on founding new revolutionary unions in the expectation that the collapse of capitalism was just around the corner.
_	The community was first developed by an oil company as a residence for its workers in the expectation that the rising price of oil would make shale oil extraction economically viable.
_	By 1916–17, he was a leading proponent of preparedness, with the expectation that the United States would enter World War I. President Woodrow Wilson sent him to Russia in 1917 in an unsuccessful effort to establish an alliance with the new revolutionary government that had replaced the czar.
_	With the expectation that this would not last more than a decade, institute members concentrated entirely on research projects and filling in the history of German Jewry from the Enlightenment to the Nazi seizure of power.
_	Fisher had donated his own plot in the mausoleum in the expectation that Hammond’s family could come and claim the remains after the war.
_	After another injury-shortened season, Perkins' 2018 option was declined by the Twins with the expectation that the team would buy out his contract.
_	In 1800 John Leavitt and his wife set out for the Western Reserve, where the town of Leavittsburg was named for the family with the expectation that it would become the market town for Trumbull County.
_	The men were raised with the expectation that they would become fishermen.
_	In doing so, Neurath was acting without orders from Hitler, but in the expectation that time was ripe for remilitarization due to the crisis in Anglo-Italian relations caused by the Italo-Ethiopian War.
_	Grayson decided to leave "The Generation Game" in 1982 while it was still relatively successful, in the expectation that the BBC would offer him another high-profile Saturday night; this did not materialise.
_	It was to be modeled after the Israeli Chief Rabbinate, with only Orthodox judges, but with the expectation that it would be accepted by the larger Conservative movement as legitimate.
_	Due to new construction, and the expectation that the Turnpike pays for policing and maintenance, this has never come to pass.
_	However, there also was speculation that one of the reasons that contributed to Johnson's making the appointment was the expectation that Clark's father, Associate Justice Tom C. Clark, would resign from the Supreme Court to avoid a conflict of interest.
_	These marriages came with the expectation that trade between the woman's relations and the trader would be secured, and that aid would be mutually provided in times of need.
_	Powerpack+ was aimed at SOHO (small office / home office) users, with the expectation that it could be used to run a small home or office server machine as well as desktop and development workstations.
_	Mantle was assigned uniform #6, signifying the expectation that he would become the next Yankees star, following Babe Ruth (#3), Lou Gehrig (#4) and Joe DiMaggio (#5).
_	Two New Urbanism projects in Jersey City, Bayfront and Canal Crossing, are being planned with the expectation that new stations will be built in conjunction with their development.
_	Through Junior's success at Reardan and his realizations about life on the reservation, Alexie represents a possibility for the success of Native American children—by defeating the expectation that he is doomed to fail, Junior crosses social boundaries and defeats unfavorable odds.
_	The dowry system in India is often blamed; the expectation that a large dowry must be provided for daughters in order for them to marry is frequently cited as a major cause for the problem.
_	This all leads to the expectation that women have responsibilities in the home and often plays a part in occupational sexism.
_	Consequently, for the usual case of small "r", and neglecting the second term in "R" with the expectation that the leading term involving "r" is much larger:
_	Art Center from art therapy, with the expectation that veterans would develop their own individual aptitude.
_	It is possible that the lance was aimed at the upper body of an opposing cavalryman in the expectation that a blow which did not wound or kill might have sufficient leverage to unseat.
_	Capital can be generally defined as assets invested with the expectation that their value will increase, usually because there is the expectation of profit, rent, interest, royalties, capital gain or some other kind of return.
_	The mandate of MINURSO was extended on the expectation that would meet under the auspicies of the Secretary-General's Personal Envoy for further discussions to resolve the areas of disagreement.
_	He returned to the U.S. Army, and in December was assigned to the U.S. Military Mission in China, probably with the expectation that he would serve as AMISSCA's liaison to the AVG, which was in need of experienced staff officers.
_	The ties between women’s organizations and political parties were often contingent on the expectation that gender interests would be fulfilled as part of the party’s goals.
_	Consequently, it decided to grant the initial commercial TV licences to established print media proprietors, with the expectation that these companies would, if necessary, be able to subsidize the new TV stations from their existing (and highly profitable) press operations.
_	The bishop arranged that Barnaby Miln take Sir Derek, on 1 December 1992, to a consultant in Harley Street in the expectation that he would be sent to a clinic for specialist treatment.
_	"Astley almost disclaims the expectation that 'Beachmasters' might raise its readers' eyes — if not as far as the South Pacific, then at least to racial problems closer to home: 'You know, one does, but...
_	On 16 November it had been planned to carry out a demonstration flight for a party of 100 MPs, a scheme that had been suggested by Thomson in the expectation that few would wish to take advantage of the offer; in the event it was oversubscribed.
_	There is also the expectation that Selassie will return for a day of judgment and bring home the lost children of Israel, which in Rastafarianism refer to those taken from Africa through the slave trade.
_	The en banc 9th Circuit reversed the panel<http://news.findlaw.com/hdocs/docs/abortion/ppacla51602opn.pdf>, and held that the ACLA could be held liable in damages because the website made a deliberate threat with the expectation that someone would act on it, unprotected by the First Amendment.
_	The Jews opposed Wamba in the expectation that he would perpetuate his predecessor's anti-Jewish policies, and had an important political and military role in this revolt.
_	Specifically, operating systems and file systems are designed with the expectation that the computer system they are running on could lose power, crash, fail, or otherwise cease operating at any time.
_	He was arrested on January 1, 1915, brought to trial on February 8, 1915, where he "pleaded guilty to murder in the first degree with the expectation that the court would sentence him to life imprisonment."
_	In early documents, Watt writes "people" as 𐐹𐐹𐑊 with the expectation that readers will interpret the first 𐐹 as , but the second 𐐹 as .
_	As a result, it is possible that Scots decided to support one half-brother against another, in the expectation that the victor would destroy the power of his rival, thus restoring stability in the region.
_	Initially, all the refugees in Ban Vinai were granted temporary asylum in Thailand with the expectation that they would either soon return to Laos or be resettled in a third country.
_	Additional donations were made by Tufts alumni with the expectation that it would serve as a memorial chapel.
_	Additionally, also the enormous self-confidence of the "free researchers" is noteworthy, since they not only believed to have solved all the riddles of the world, but also had the expectation that they would rapidly convince the scientific community.
_	Dolly overcome her drinking problem suggested a scheme to Sloan: he was to start a diary in which he would include his fondest thoughts of her, with the expectation that she would surreptitiously read it and be freed of her disabling fear that Sloan would leave her.
_	On May 8, the assembly decided on a bicameral legislative body to be known as the Storting, with the expectation that one would be an upper house (Lagting), and a lower house (Odelsting).
_	It is no longer safe to enter any of the buildings, although many have photographed the exteriors of the structures in the expectation that they may be lost completely in the near future due to years of abandonment and neglect,
_	McCrossin built the mill in the expectation that the New England region would become a major exporter of flour to other parts of the Colony.
_	She called the step "a significant improvement" and expressed the expectation that the measures take effect as soon as possible, adding that "more work remains to be done."
_	As an alternative variant, a safe may be "stocked" with some lesser valuables, with the expectation that it will be burgled, but that the real safe or hiding place for the important valuables will be missed.
_	He was named Deputy Whip in the Republican caucus, a largely ceremonial position, with the expectation that he would continue to rise through the leadership ranks.
_	The outlook on the rating was negative, due to the expectation that TMR's rating would follow that of its mother company, Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
_	In 1987 she returned to Guatemala with the expectation that the Vinicio Cerezo government, in which there were many women working, would represent a transformation for the country.
_	Several ships and one submarine of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Dreadnought" in the expectation that they would "dread nought", i.e. "fear nothing".
_	This allowed Wellington to draw up his forces in depth, which he did in the centre and on the right, all the way towards the village of Braine-l'Alleud, in the expectation that the Prussians would reinforce his left during the day.
_	Much of the fiscal policy of the Charest government has been based upon the expectation that new revenues could be obtained from a resolution of the fiscal imbalance believed to exist between the federal and provincial governments.
_	The critically acclaimed but short-lived show ended in a cliffhanger with the expectation that it would be picked up for an additional season, but it was officially canceled on May 15, 1995.
_	Repairs were considered usless with the expectation that the sea, which had already swept away the graveyard, would take the church "in a short time".
_	On July 5, 2011, the Detroit Red Wings signed Exelby to a one-year contract, with the expectation that he would provide depth for the AHL affiliate Grand Rapids Griffins.
_	After the resignation of General Escala over a dispute with Rafael Sotomayor Baeza, the Minister of War, Sotomayor appointed Baquedano as Commander-in-Chief, in the expectation that Baquedano's abilities as commander would enable him to restore good order and morale among the troops.
_	Bearing this in mind it was a bad toss to win and May made the difficult decision to bat on a green wicket which looked favourable to the fast bowlers in the expectation that it would flatten out in the afternoon.
_	According to the meeting transcripts for September of that year, Lindsey challenged the expectation that corporate earnings would grow 11½ percent a year continually.
_	Edwards graduated in 1842 and then studied law in New York City with the expectation that he would join the family business.
_	In addition there was the expectation that clearing much of the county's forests would attract farmers as settlers.
_	They joined various regiments that were posted to Ireland at this time in the expectation that the implementation of the Acts to unite the Kingdom of Ireland and Kingdom of Great Britain into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland with effect from 1 January 1801, could cause some social unrest.
_	In 1945 Berry accompanies a delegation of senior League officials to San Francisco, in the expectation that they will all have key roles to play in the newly established United Nations.
_	1 was a prototype British heavy tank produced in the early part of the Second World War in the expectation that battlefields might end up like those of the First World War.
_	More than any film since "The Birth of a Nation", it unleashed a variety of social forces that foreshadowed an alliance of white liberals and blacks who encouraged the expectation that blacks would one day achieve equality.
_	The Standards for a pre-termination hearing are not stringent because of the expectation that a more formal post-termination hearing will remedy any resulting, deficiencies.
_	Most registries would like to see colts at least 15.3 hands high at the withers, and fillies at least 15.2hh, with the expectation that they will grow a bit more.
_	In it they show that the expectation that a metabolic pathway will be controlled by a single pacemaker reaction is a fallacy, and most of the experimental criteria used in the supposed identification of such steps are misleading.
_	The Byzantine fleet—of four hundred ships if the "Annales Bertiniani" are to be trusted—arrived under the command of Nicetas with the expectation that Louis would hand over his daughter immediately.
_	In the end, it was decided that he would return for the upcoming season with the expectation that the team become more competitive.
_	Subscription libraries were also referred to as 'proprietary' libraries due to the expectation that subscribers not only pay an annual fee, but that they must also invest in shares.
_	The 392d and other P-38 units stationed in England were selected for these missions with the expectation that the distinctive silhouette of the Lightning would prevent potential friendly fire incidents by anti-aircraft gunners mistaking them for enemy fighters.
_	High-profile, sentimental, or otherwise significant targets are chosen with the expectation that the target's constituency will be moved and that the victims' audience will in some way suffer."
_	One of the problems was that the team had already begun work on the 192 in the expectation that it would continue to run the Ford V8 engine rather than a much larger V12 Yamaha.
_	These are listed as "still under review" in the expectation that additional data will help to clarify their status.</onlyinclude>
_	Simon strongly encourages Alex to enlist in one of the branches of the armed forces, in the expectation that two or three years of military life will cause and allow him to gain maturity.
_	If the buyer is trusted, the seller will sometimes allow the buyer to state a price that is binding on both, with the expectation that the buyer will demonstrate generosity.
_	All of this he apparently did out of personal conviction and with the expectation that his diplomatic post would immunize him from prosecution; however, his consulship to Ancona was suddenly revoked and given to the sculptor Joseph Mozier and a new consul replaced Brown at Rome.
_	Several other countries also introduced interceptor designs, although in the 1950s-1960s several planned interceptors never came to fruition, with the expectation that missiles would replace bombers.
_	A floor will budget in a minimum increase in the charges, with the expectation that it will lessen a more major increase in the future.
_	Sensitive and consistent caregiving promotes the development of the expectation that emotional arousal is manageable via eliciting the support of the caregiver (or others) and/or with independent coping.
_	Alternatively, Bowlby hypothesized that infants who experience insensitive and inconsistent caregiving are likely to develop the expectation that emotional needs will not be met by others or the self.
_	Chase reviewed the history of the Missouri Compromise and argued that it had been accepted by the North only with the expectation that most of the remaining territory from the Louisiana Purchase would remain as free territory.
_	That's the data we've had for the past 150 years, which is quite consistent with the expectation that the climate is continuing to warm."
_	It raised interest due to the close approach, and the expectation that such an Earth-similar orbit would not have long term orbital stability.
_	The Founders themselves were nearly wiped out by a plague, which was revealed to be a biological weapon engineered by agents of the secret clandestine Federation agency Section 31, who deliberately infected Odo with it, in the expectation that he would pass it through the Great Link.
_	Jarvis was said to be in Canada, on no salary, purely in the expectation that he would receive the £1,000 reward that was on offer for the killer's arrest.
_	Married women face the disadvantage based on the expectation that family obligations and burdens on married women lower their productivity and commitment to work.
_	Wherever a person had the ability to decide what he or she wished to disclose to the public, and the expectation that such a decision would be respected was reasonable, the right to privacy would come into play.
_	The results of all peoples' dialogues were handed over to Track I (politicians and diplomats) in the expectation that they would facilitate the negotiation process.
_	In the 1980s, many political and economic analysts predicted that Japan would eventually accede to superpower status, due to its large population, huge gross domestic product and high economic growth at that time and the expectation that it would surpass the economy of the United States.
_	However, additional construction projects, plus the expectation that the parkway will pay for its own maintenance and policing (and the massive E-ZPass project) make it unlikely it will become toll-free in the foreseeable future.
_	Based on the expectation that faster rates of microevolution result in faster rates of speciation, these results suggest that faster evolutionary rates in warm climates almost certainly have a strong influence on the latitudinal diversity gradient.
_	"Paste" thought that ""Master of My Make-Believe" is by no means a disappointment, but it falls short of the expectation that has been gestating for the past four years."
_	It relied on the objective declared by the Arab League on 12 April 1948, and the expectation that the Arab armies would prevail over the Palestinian Jewish community.
_	He further stated "Writer Steven Moffat cleverly subverts the expectation that this'll be a low-budget escapade, with a surplus of Capaldi awkwardly expressing his inner thoughts aloud.
_	Masaharu takes Ellie and returns to his job at the Sumiyoshi Brewery in Osaka, but encounters another problem: even though nothing was actually verbalized, Daisaku Tanaka, the head of the brewery, paid for Masaharu to go to Scotland on the expectation that he would later marry his daughter, Yūko.
_	For children adopted outside India, guardianship is awarded with the expectation that the child will be quickly adopted by the adopted parents in the country where they legally reside.
_	Cappello's appointment brought elation and renewed hope for a decisive turn in the war; the "provveditore" of the Venetian army in the Morea, Giacomo Barbarigo, expressed "utmost joy" at the news, and the distinguished statesman Andrea Diedo expressed the expectation that Cappello would lead the recovery of the Hexamilion and the conquest of Corinth.
_	Drummer Micky Waller often arrived at recording sessions with the expectation that a drum kit would be provided and, for "Maggie May", it was – except that no cymbals could be found.
_	A position paper written anonymously in 1972 states these goals as building a power base of women who work together to accomplish specific reforms in childcare policy, with the expectation that each victory will provide an opportunity to expand the power base and bring further goals within reach.
_	It is the expectation that juvenile detention centers and juvenile institutions provide mental health services to their residents.
_	The second, title, is the expectation that others will recognize rights to control resource, even when it is not in possession.
_	The next day he left for southern Bavaria, in the expectation that Hitler would make his last stand in the "National Redoubt" in the alpine areas.
_	The major features of the New Look included greater reliance on nuclear weapons, using the advantage the United States had over the Soviet Union in such weapons; elevation of strategic air power, the major means to deliver nuclear weapons, to a more important position (not an expansion in the number of Air Force wings but rather development and production of better equipment); cuts in conventional ground forces, based both on reliance on strategic and tactical nuclear weapons and the expectation that US allies would provide ground troops for their own defense; an expanded program of continental defense, which, along with strategic air power, would serve as a principal ingredient of the New Look's deterrence program; and modernization and enlargement of reserve forces, enhancing the military manpower base while reducing active duty forces.
_	Board approved the creation of a new junior high school north of the City of New Port Richey in response to population growth in the area during the 1970s, with the expectation that the school would ultimately become west Pasco's third high school.
_	As a result, Wall Street analysts considered the company a prime target for acquisition, with the expectation that new management could make it a better.
_	This usually entails holding a Certificate of Completion of Training (CCT) in any of the recognised specialities, but academics with substantial publications and international reputation may be exempted from this requirement, in the expectation that they will practice at a tertiary level.
_	Units were sent to the Middle East as fully equipped as was possible, with the expectation that the British Army would make up the difference, but British policy was that all possible sources had to be exploited before any demands could be made on the United Kingdom's sources.
_	Originally Hitler had planned to remilitarize the Rhineland in 1937, but chose in early 1936 to move re-militarization forward by a year for several reasons, namely: the ratification by the French National Assembly of the Franco-Soviet pact of 1935 allowed him to present his coup both at home and abroad as a defensive move against Franco-Soviet "encirclement"; the expectation that France would be better armed in 1937; the government in Paris had just fallen and a caretaker government was in charge; economic problems at home required a foreign policy success to restore the regime's popularity; the Italo-Ethiopian War, which had set Britain against Italy, had effectively broken up the Stresa Front; and apparently because Hitler simply did not feel like waiting an extra year.
_	This supported the expectation that eudaimonia is cultivated when parents encourage internal structure, self-discipline, responsibility, and vision, and simultaneously fulfill a child's needs for autonomy.
_	In contrast to the expectation that was widespread among researchers it was not possible to pin down genetic factors through the linkage approach.
_	The £100m facility opened to first patient on 8 June 2009 and was built with the expectation that it would treat around 400,000 annually.
_	Parsons' body was found the following May and was buried with the expectation that it would be more suitably interred.
_	Lucinda resented the expectation that she be meek and obedient in her marriage.
_	He goes into business with Samuel Hamilton's son Will growing beans, with the expectation that crop prices will skyrocket when the U.S. declares war on Germany.
_	Relatively healthy individuals with hereditary fibrinogen Aα-Chain-related renal amyloidosis may be considered for kidney and liver bi-transplantation with the expectation that survival of the transplanted kidney will be prolonged by replacing the fibrinogen Aα-Chain-producing liver with a non-diseased donor liver.
_	Military theorists turned to the concept of the infantry fighting vehicle (IFV), similar to the APC but with the expectation that the infantry section would be able to stay in the vehicle fight effectively, while also improving the vehicles own armament.
_	He was permitted to study for a degree as long as it did not interfere with his duties, and he chose to do so in the expectation that it would raise his social status.
_	In May 2009, the Australian Government completed an inquiry into better support for carers leading to the expectation that more will be achieved for carers in the future.
_	Conventional business planning works on the expectation that managers can extrapolate future results from past experience, but for new businesses and projects this way of planning is often not possible.
_	She would often sit beside Germans on trains in the expectation that they would gallantly protect the elegant young woman, unaware that she was carrying money and papers hidden in her luggage and handbag.
_	This occurs for instance in a speculative bubble, where one purchases an asset in the expectation that it will likely go up, but may plummet, and hopes to sell the asset before the bubble bursts.
_	Current norms for England and Wales, issued by the Bishops' Conference in May 2011, re-introduced the expectation that all Catholics able to do so should abstain from meat on all Fridays of the year, effective Friday, September 16, 2011.
_	As a result there was the expectation that the commerce of Spain would suffer a 'crippling blow'.
_	By her will she made Carrie Chapman Catt residuary legatee, in the expectation that most of her fortune would be devoted to women's suffrage.
_	During his young childhood years, he was often nicknamed "Mini Al" by the media and fans, all with the expectation that he might follow in his family's footsteps to race professionally.
_	The French along with the British had been preparing to do so since February after the announcement of the severance of diplomatic relations between the United States and Germany, in the expectation that an American declaration of war against Germany was imminent.
_	They teach that unrighteous dominion is never acceptable to God, and that with the agency given to men is the expectation that when they marry, they will treat their wife and children with love, respect, tenderness, and material and emotional support.
_	He was offered the chance to train with Richmond in the following weeks with the expectation that the club would officially select him in the December pre-season draft.
_	The unusual and exceptional decision to make the journey was due to the expectation that the initiative might be regarded with tolerance, as happened to some Spanish precedents to Macau, but on the other hand, seems it had been taken in desperate position because da Gama was possibly aware that if he returned to Goa, he would possily be arrested due to charges of having committed serious irregularities.
_	Arizona Governor Doug Ducey later suspended the company's ability to test and operate its autonomous cars on public roadways citing an "unquestionable failure" of the expectation that Uber make public safety its top priority.
_	The class suffered on the South Western section from the expectation that they were an improved version of the N15 "King Arthur" class.
_	If a credit rating agency has the expectation that the credit risk of a position rises, it will downgrade its rating.
_	Citing the expectation that it was "a de facto LGBTQ (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer) community center as well as a bar", the owner closed the bar in February 2018.
_	I put the question to you in the expectation that you would describe them clearly and that then I would be able to reinforce you so that you might act according to the [real situation].
_	This is in line with a 2011 European Chess Union memo that produced a legal opinion from Morten Sand, indicating that contract law formed a superior basis for exploiting the chess audiences, with the expectation that viewers could be made to bear 75 euros (each) for the world championships, so that "the financial upside is huge" to generate 750000 euros.
_	Richard Nixon greatly expanded the program, setting up the Office of Minority Business Enterprise (OMBE) in the expectation that black entrepreneurs would help defuze racial tensions and possibly support his reelection .
_	Women are raised with the expectation that they may only find satisfaction within the home and are therefore perhaps more susceptible to modern brands of idealism, such as that true love will be followed by marital and domestic bliss.
_	The BBC specification was closely written around the NewBrain specification, with (presumably) the expectation that Newbury Laboratories would tender and win.
_	The commission also found, however, that Lynden Pindling, during his campaign, had been funded and aided by U.S. casino operator [[Michael McLaney]] in the expectation that Pindling would permit McLaney to operate in the islands.
_	The boxes also included a starter deck and some expansion packs from previous releases with the expectation that the game could be played right out of the box in a sealed tournament format.
_	The imagination of the artist is focused no longer on physical union, but rather on the expectation that precedes it.
_	Writing in 1927, in the expectation that Dewhurst would tour England the following year, his 1923 team-mate C. R. Browne wrote that Dewhurst's "heart is as big as his body" and that his "expansive smile captures many victims".
_	In 1988, the NCI acquired Building 470 as well with the expectation that it, too, might be remodeled and converted to cancer research laboratories.
_	Noguès became Resident-General in Morocco in 1937, with the expectation that he would become commander in chief in North Africa in the event Of hostilities with Nazi Germany.
_	Investor's bonds necessary for the construction of the roads are issued and sold with the expectation that the bonds will be paid back with user tolls.
_	When I decided to move ahead with Marty Schottenheimer in mid-January, I did so with the expectation that the core of his fine coaching staff would remain intact.
_	Once a trader has identified a trading range, i.e. the lack of a trend and a ceiling to the market's upward movement and a floor to any downward move, then the trader will use the ceiling and floor levels as barriers that the market can break through, with the expectation that the break-outs will fail and the market will reverse.
_	Justice Noah Haynes Swayne resigned with the expectation that Hayes would fill his seat by appointing Stanley Matthews, who was a friend of both men.
_	Although CRS obtains permission to reproduce certain copyrighted works, the permissions are generally based on legislative use and the expectation that dissemination is limited to Members of Congress.] considers its information-gathering function protected by the speech or debate clause; or believes that the use falls under the 'fair use' doctrine of the Copyright Act as applied in the context of the legislative process."
_	Manufacturers of such equipment typically use a simple password, such as "admin" or "password" on all equipment they ship, in the expectation that users will change the password during configuration.
_	Even those families who encouraged their daughters to pursue professional careers as teachers, doctors or lawyers maintained the expectation that these women would continue to conduct themselves virtuously as "dedicated mothers, and modest housewives".
_	On February 18, 1851, the school board advertised that applications would be received for a superintendent of schools, and the reply from Elias Schneider seemed to indicate definitely the board had intended to establish a high school in September, 1851, since he said in part: "I do, therefore, offer myself as a candidate for the office of a superintendent of your schools, with the expectation that the high school will be commenced next 1st of September."
_	Initially used for training, they were formed into a tank battalion in 1935, with the expectation that they would be complemented with 14 light tanks ordered in Britain and France.
_	However, that support came with the expectation that newspapers would support the government.
_	The Prince of Wales engaged in this correspondence with ministers with the expectation that it would be confidential.
_	The Bon Accord Mining Company was formed on behalf of Scottish speculators, in the expectation that the Burra lode would extend under the properties boundary.
_	Having never voiced an animated character before, the actress decided to audition for the role of the film's villain based solely on the expectation that the unfamiliar experience would be "fun".
_	The use of formal methods for software and hardware design is motivated by the expectation that, as in other engineering disciplines, performing appropriate mathematical analysis can contribute to the reliability and robustness of a design.
_	For similar reasons the name 'Tassie Devils' may also be excluded as the former Tasmanian VFL side used this name and there is the expectation that it will be the name of a future Tasmanian-based AFL side.
_	In 2008, the beluga was reclassified as "near threatened" by the IUCN due to uncertainty about threats to their numbers and the number of belugas over parts of its range (especially the Russian Arctic), and the expectation that if current conservation efforts cease, especially hunting management, the beluga population is likely to qualify for "threatened" status within five years.
_	In "Rehabilitating Utopia: Feminist Science Fiction and Finding the Ideal", an article published in Contemporary Justice Review, philosophers against the dream of utopia argue that "First is the expectation that utopia justifies violence, second is the expectation that utopia collapses individual desires into one communal norm, and third is the expectation that utopia mandates a robotic focus on problem-solving."
_	The primary site of construction was situated along a ten kilometer strip of the Gyeongbu Expressway, with the expectation that high quality homes would be built there.
_	Without funds, he took the daring step of issuing $375,000 in drafts on the federal treasury, with the expectation that the federal government would honor them later.
_	These, with many other things of equal force were presented by Scot in his defence, not so much in the expectation that the jury would find him innocent, but to justify his actions to the country and posterity.
_	As it did every year, the park closed at the end of the warm-weather season in November 2, 2001, with the expectation that it would reopen in spring of 2002.
_	She focused on humanities students with the expectation that their mathematical experience would be less significant than that of their peers studying mathematics and physics, so the epistemological obstacles they exhibit would be more representative of the obstacles that "may" still be present in lyceum students.
_	Hurricane parties are designed for many individuals to pool resources with the expectation that there will be no electricity and no open stores or restaurants for several days.
_	With the permission of the Secretary of State for War François-Michel le Tellier, Marquis de Louvois, Marillac systematically lodged troops with Protestants, in the expectation that existing laws exempting households newly converted to Catholicism from this practice would spur conversions.
_	Snell gave evidence at a number of railway commission enquiries, defending his approach as necessary to complete the work in time, with the expectation that the engineering works would be upgraded as traffic and revenue increased.
_	In a free market approach, commercial entities are largely allowed to do what they wish, with the expectation that consumers will choose to do business with corporations that respect their privacy to a desired degree.
_	"Badla" were banned by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) in 1993, effective March 1994, amid complaints from foreign investors, with the expectation that it would be replaced by a futures-and-options exchange.
_	A unique feature of the program is the expectation that students create, over the course of the year, high quality short films in the SaberCats Studios that are premiered in the annual FOASS (Films on a Shoe String) film festival.
_	The National Academy of Sciences found that there is "little basis for the expectation that a polygraph test could have extremely high accuracy".
_	The following day, Sutherland and Duggan began their return journey to a rendezvous point near the beach with the expectation that the entire raiding force would reassemble.
_	The signing was rushed because several districts were considering assuming new debts for railroad loans and other projects, with the expectation that the consolidated city would pay instead.
_	Though the machine qualifies for Microsoft's "downgrade program", allowing units to be shipped with Windows XP Professional and with the option to upgrade to Windows Vista Business in future, this comes with the expectation that the customers order at least 25 units per year.
_	Her approach which challenged the expectation that people were better not cared for in their own homes.
_	Facing resistance from producer Graham Williams, Adams chose to avoid work on a replacement, under the expectation that time pressures would eventually force the producer's hand and allow his idea to be used.
_	With New Norfolk also in deep financial trouble and the expectation that they too would also face exclusion from the TFL on both financial and geographical grounds, it was greatly surprising to many in the football public when TFL Chief Commissioner Michael Kent announced in late 1997 that New Norfolk were to be retained and that a new club (Southern Districts) were to be admitted to the statewide competition in 1998.
_	She had lived in Russia almost all her life, and her husband had also made his home in that country, in the expectation that they or their progeny would inherit the throne upon the death of the empress.
_	The case for "neurological discrimination" as such lies in the expectation that one's professional capacity may be judged by the quality of ones social interaction, which can in such cases be an inaccurate and discriminatory metric for employment suitability.
_	District was formed in July 1920, with the expectation that a junior college would shortly follow.
_	As the son of an (albeit petty) noble family, he grew up with the expectation that he would serve the Russian Empire.
_	Although the final 3.5% strike price was not actually settled until February 24, Thompson writes, "as information ... entered the market in late November, contract prices soared to reflect the expectation that the contract price was now a call-option exercise, or strike, price rather than a price committed to be paid."
_	Its written transmission, along with the veneration bestowed on certain classical works, has led to the expectation that performers will play a work in a way that realizes in detail the original intentions of the composer.
_	For Nishikiyama, his story is told through cutscenes that occur after each chapter is completed, explaining how he went from Kiryu's closest friend in the Tojo Clan to his greatest enemy: following Kiryu's arrest, Nishikiyama is given his own "family" to control, with the expectation that he would look out for Kiryu now that he had been banished from the clan.
_	Her biographer Brenda Niall suggests this may have been in the expectation that Georgiana would have to make her own way in the world as a painter of portraits.
_	It continued to do so long after it was clear a 'widespread slaughter' was taking place in Northern Sumatra and other places, and in the expectation that US assistance would contribute to this end."
_	In the 2014 local elections four of the municipal council candidates Baraka supported won their races, leading the expectation that the elected body, in which he needs five votes on the nine-member council to get any proposal passed, will be cooperative to his agenda.
_	Adams Funds uses a conservative investment philosophy and its portfolio is managed with the expectation that it will generate solid returns with lower-than-market risk for long-term investors.
_	The Whalers lost Game 1 by a score of 2–0 and Game 2 by a score of 5–2, creating the expectation that the Canadiens would sweep the Whalers out of the first round, as they did in the 1989 playoffs.
_	Later, after Ansom broke off the alliance in the expectation that Charlie would make a new alliance with Transylvito, Charlie instead took advantage of his release from his contract to begin dealing with Parson.
_	A "Bildungsroman" relates the growing up or "coming of age" of a sensitive person who goes in search of answers to life's questions with the expectation that these will result in gaining experience of the world.
_	He was enrolled in a private school in nearby Canterbury, Connecticut when he was 10, with the expectation that he would eventually attend Yale University.
_	It can be understood as the expectation that people will respond favorably to each other by returning benefits for benefits, and responding with either indifference or hostility to harms.
_	Years before the formation of the FMSR, an agreement was met in which new lines built by state governments are to be laid out in the same metre gauge under the expectation that the separate lines will eventually be connected to each other.
_	The Celtics traded away center Kendrick Perkins in February partially due to the expectation that O'Neal would return to fill Perkins' role.
_	Clinton's troops were landed on an island near Sullivan's Island, where the rebel colonists had their main defenses, with the expectation that the channel between the two could be waded at low tide.
_	The 1966 "Modesty Blaise" strip cartoon story "The Head Girls" features the underground section of the River Fleet, where Modesty and Willie Garvin are tethered by the villainous Gabriel in the expectation that the rising tide will drown them.
_	consciously supporting diverse and innovative centers in the expectation that each institute will find a different piece to the puzzle and that, together, will find a cure or cures to more than 200 types of cancer.
_	Students are given an early-out day each Wednesday, with the expectation that they will use some of this extra time to complete a long-term volunteer project.
_	It is implemented in the expectation that volume will reduce the cost, thus allowing more people to use that source.
_	Based on expanded sales during the war and the expectation that Germany would offer less competition after the war, Poulenc Frères expanded their production capacity for synthetic drugs.
_	Inventure Academy’s unique curriculum, which equips children with 21st Century life skills and is focused on their holistic development, with the expectation that each child will flourish in academics, athletics, and other co-curricular spheres.
_	It was built on Washington Street near the old site, with the expectation that the new building would be built on the old site.
_	A person is motivated to contribute valuable information to the group in the expectation that one will receive useful help and information in return.
_	If producers plan their period 2 production under the expectation that this high price will continue, then the period 2 supply will be higher, at Q.
_	These strikes were to take place within full view of the Egyptian public, as far as 100 miles from the Canal, with the expectation that mounting public pressure would force president Nasser to seek a ceasefire.
_	He appeared to have based his plan to marry Ellen Turner on the expectation that her parents would respond as Mrs Pattle had.
_	He came to Yale at the request of Dodge who asked Miles is there was "any possibility of inducing you to come here in a position parallel with mine with the expectation that within a few years you will take my place".
_	In 2009, the airline, Airbus and ESMA Aviation Academy created Bay Viet Flight Training Company to train pilots in the country, with the expectation that up to 100 trainees would graduate annually.
_	The underclass schedule is very rigorous with the expectation that most of their high school credits will be attained by the time they enter their junior year.
_	The USTR then would initiate a Section 301 investigation against the priority countries to obtain elimination of the practices that impeded U.S. exports, in the expectation that doing so would substantially expand U.S. exports.
_	Sacrament observances such as Cambuslang, whose timing coincided with the Great Awakening in England, Ireland, and the American Colonies throughout the 1740s, had become associated with revivalism, and both clergy and lay people reflected the expectation that the communion season would bring “the most intense religious experiences, the most agonizing despair and the most ecstatic joy."
_	She was one of a group of identical craft built in the expectation that they would be needed by the Navy should the United States enter World War I.
_	Many timber trestles were built in the 19th and early 20th centuries with the expectation that they would be temporary.
_	(A model organism is a species that is extensively studied to understand particular biological phenomena, with the expectation that discoveries made in that organism provide insight into the workings of other organisms.)
_	The Black Jack Geary legend includes the expectation that one day he will return from the dead to lead the Alliance fleet to victory.
_	They note that, even when companies send notices that could potentially save the recipients money, the senders are still doing so with the expectation that they will make sales and they are advertising for these sales by stealing the paper, supplies, and time of the recipients.
_	A $10 million grant for the bridge's construction was granted in May 1904 with the expectation that work on the span would start later that year.
_	Many in Sudan maintained a longer term view of separating this internal province from South Sudan to full autonomy, with the expectation that the metropolitan archbishop would ultimately become archbishop primate of the new autonomous church.
_	While Poland drafted its estimates based upon the expectation that the Western Allies would honor their treaty obligations and quickly start an offensive of their own, the French and British expected the war to develop into trench warfare much like World War I.
_	Pere Masse and Saussaye with several French colonists were set loose in a shalloup, supplied with food by the local Penobscot, with the expectation that they could find a French shipping vessel off the coast of Nova Scotia hundreds of miles of Atlantic Ocean away.
_	The song is a duet, with the singers expressing their uncertainty regarding a relationship - as well as the expectation that it will all work out for the best ultimately.
_	The fishermen pull their nets hundreds of meters wide in a circle around the dolphin groups, in the expectation that they will net a tuna shoal.
_	The insight is the expectation that decision makers will use only certain types of information when drawing inferences about reputations, and an attacking state updates and revises its beliefs when the unanticipated behaviour of a defending state cannot be explained by case-specific variables.
_	Adding to the mystery was the expectation that any eruptions of that magnitude should have been noticed at the time.
_	Taizong had fourteen sons, including three to his beloved Empress Zhangsun (601–636), but none with Consort Wu. Thus, according to the custom by which consorts of deceased emperors who had not produced children were permanently confined to a monastic institution after the emperor's death, Wu was consigned to Ganye Temple (感業寺), with the expectation that she would serve as a Buddhist nun there for the remainder of her life.
_	The outcome was decided by a combination of patriotism and economic opportunism in the expectation that independence would result.
_	As part of these reforms an integrated approach to catchment-sourced management across the South East Queensland region was adopted with the expectation that this approach would help to ensure the long term security and sustainability of the region's catchment-based water supply.
_	A bank lending against an SBLC alone in such a manner would in effect be purposefully underwriting a loan with the expectation that there was to be a default...
_	Vitarelli was signed by the Rochester Knighthawks in December 2010, while playing his final season of college hockey at the University of Prince Edward Island with the expectation that he would join the Knighthawks after his team's hockey season concluded.
_	They assert that there is nothing natural about the gendered division of labor and show that the expectation that women perform all or most reproductive labor, i.e., labor associated with birthing and raising children but also the cleaning, cooking, and other tasks necessary to support human life, deny women the capacity to participate fully in economic activity outside the home.
_	Although the military had agreed to lend the guns to the Western Australian government on the expectation that they would provide the necessary people, Meredith was once again placed in the field due to an apparent lack of experienced machine gunners in the state.
_	Another rationale for hosting hurricane parties is the expectation that power service may be lost for days or even weeks.
_	In August 1932, he was named Minister of the Air Forces in the Alexandru Vaida-Voevod National Peasants' Party cabinet, with the expectation that he would upgrade and modernize his branch of the military.
_	In 2008, the United Nations referred to e-agriculture as "an emerging field", with the expectation that its scope would change and evolve as our understanding of the area grows.
_	Waldorf elementary education allows for individual variations in the pace of learning, based upon the expectation that a child will grasp a concept or achieve a skill when he or she is ready.
_	In another study, the symbolic object was made more accessible to the children with the expectation that dual representation would be more difficult to achieve.
_	As Stigall points out, innate in 'just' war ("jus ad bellum") is the expectation that one state may be conducting military activity against, and within the borders, of another state; the laws of armed conflict "[presuppose] extraterritoriality".
_	After the rape, Artemisia continued to have sexual relations with Tassi, with the expectation that they were going to be married and with the hope to restore her dignity and her future.
_	Darwin's half-cousin, Francis Galton, carried out experiments on rabbits, with Darwin's cooperation, in which he transfused the blood of one variety of rabbit into another variety in the expectation that its offspring would show some characteristics of the first.
_	From this point onward, the expectation that he would set a new record on any given trial was lower, but the horse's popularity remained intact.
_	On several occasions, she would express to hosts, or others, that she admired something they had in their possession, in the expectation that the owner would be willing to donate it.
_	Similar to this is the expectation that allies would bring annual tribute to the City Dionysia, and sacrificial contributions to the Panathenaea.
_	He had mistakenly judged at the beginning of October that the Chinese Army was about to withdraw from Shanghai and had ordered concentrated infantry charges on the Chinese positions in the expectation that the campaign would be wrapped up before November.
_	Subtotal (supracervical) hysterectomy was originally proposed with the expectation that it may improve sexual functioning after hysterectomy, it has been postulated that removing the cervix causes excessive neurologic and anatomic disruption, thus leading to vaginal shortening, vaginal vault prolapse, and vaginal cuff granulations.
_	The "General Uprising" was the expectation that the oppressed South Vietnamese population would then spontaneously rise up and overthrow the Thiệu/Kỳ government and that this would force the U.S. to withdraw in the face of the will of the people.
_	Oil and gas exploration has been taking place around the Faroe Islands since 2001, with the expectation that significant oil reserves will be found.
_	, there was the expectation that the company would show 2013 as its first profitable year since 2007.
_	Count Cenci has sent two of his sons, Rocco and Cristofano, to Salamanca, Spain in the expectation that they will die of starvation.
_	It was in essence a scaled-down version of the Ilyushin Il-10, but was fitted with a newly developed Mikulin AM-43NV engine with the expectation that it would be faster and more maneuverable than its predecessor.
_	They also found that wind has been cheaper than coal since 2013, and that coal and gas will become less viable as subsidies are withdrawn and there is the expectation that they will eventually have to pay the costs of pollution.
_	Short-story author Samuel A. Derieux who died twenty-four years earlier, in 1922, received story credit for the film, suggesting to some the expectation that he wrote a work with the title "A Boy and His Dog".
_	Such observations led to the expectation that lianas have stronger negative effects on shade-tolerant species .
_	Anecdotal reports tell of desperate Iraqi families abandoning their children at the Syrian border with the expectation that traffickers on the Syrian side will pick them up and arrange forged documents so the young women and girls can stay in Syria in exchange for working in a nightclub or brothel.
_	Having spent time at the academies of Benfica and Chelsea, he was offered a contract by Arsenal, but Quina decided to sign for West Ham United in May 2016 with the expectation that he would join the squad in July 2016 and sign a professional contract on his 17th birthday in November 2016.
_	The court ruled that the injunction was vague because the injunction imposed the expectation that Fung remove all the "infringement-related terms" from the metadata and the webpages.
_	While Zeus mainly competed with other commercial web servers such as Oracle iPlanet Web Server, it also claimed a high degree of compatibility with Apache HTTP Server (including .htaccess support and a URL rewriting system comparable to Apache's mod_rewrite), with the expectation that Apache users would migrate to Zeus as their server load increased.
_	Pages may be selected for working set removal in an essentially random fashion, with the expectation that if a poor choice is made, a future reference may retrieve that page from the Free or Modified list before it is removed from physical memory.
_	Widespread unemployment heralded declines in attendance at Football League matches at a time when many clubs had, once again, committed themselves to expensive ground improvement programmes in the expectation that the post-war spectator boom would continue indefinitely.
_	He decided to resign at that time in the expectation that the Conservative Party would make over 500 gains in local government elections, but in the belief that these would be achieved in spite of, rather than because of, Iain Duncan Smith's leadership.
_	Despite the introduction of PIP and the expectation that the number of customers on the Scheme would reduce as a result of the change, Motability customer numbers have stayed broadly static – only 25,000 customers left the scheme due to loss of their allowance in FY16, while 68,000 new customers joined.
_	Henry then sold to Miss Skou a can of ink suitable for use upon the mimeograph machine, with knowledge of the license agreement, and with the expectation that she would use the ink with the machine.
_	Her marriage disproves the expectation that the war would bring about better social mobility.
_	In order not to lose contact with further developments, and in the expectation that Soviet radio operators would not maintain their customary discipline, the German divisions were emphatically instructed to intensify the activity of their short-range intelligence platoons.
_	Contrary to the expectation that the earnings of the state firms would provide an important source of public financing for development, these companies became almost immediately a collective drain.
_	When the current market price is less than the average price, the stock is considered attractive for purchase, with the expectation that the price will rise.
_	The paper was a major review of military spending and one of its elements was the cancellation of nearly all manned fighter projects as a radical change had occurred in strategic threats with the expectation that intercontinental ballistic missiles and low-level strike would replace high flying bombers.
_	In "The Irish Times" of February 2008, Benny Morris summarized his analysis as follows: "Most of Palestine's 700,000 "refugees" fled their homes because of the flail of war (and in the expectation that they would shortly return to their homes on the backs of victorious Arab invaders).
_	In July 1842, Congressman John Botts introduced a resolution levying several charges against Tyler and calling for a nine-member committee to investigate his behavior, with the expectation that this committee would issue a formal impeachment recommendation.
_	In the 2010 agreement, Canada agreed not to do any additional mining on the British Columbian Flathead with the expectation that Montana would do the same thing to its land.
_	In 1990 the ship was sold by the Hudson's Bay Company to Asker with the expectation that she would be returned to the town.
_	P.H. Pearse in particular voiced the expectation that this play would be staged by many "Éire Óg" branches "before the New Year is very old," thus indicating the immediate take up of such plays.
_	As part of the closure agreement, the university, in conjunction with SAE’s national office, will allow SAE to recolonize in August 2022 under certain conditions, including the expectation that members must keep a dry chapter facility and have a live-in advisor.
_	The west-to-east serial numbering of Live Oak's north-south streets during that period reflected the expectation that the area would soon be annexed to the city of Santa Cruz.
_	After a deadlock over these issues in Parliament, Averescu's group and the National Liberals began negotiation a new parliamentary majority; advised by Nicolae Iorga, who was president of the Chamber, Mihalache handed in his resignation (March 12, 1920), with the expectation that the land reform project was to be endorsed by parliamentary initiative.
_	This contradicted the expectation that "properly feminine" women should be penitent and emotional in such a situation.
_	According to historian Alonzo Salazar, many Mexican military families such as the Garzas had established ranchos on the mission lands with the expectation that, should mission lands be secularized, the Mexican government would issue titles to existing homesteaders.
_	However, the copper mine ceased operations in October 1877 and was sold by liquidators in January 1878 on the expectation that it would not be re-opened until the Mount Perry railway line was completed.
_	Aged 14 he moved to Wollongong as servant to a Roman Catholic priest with the expectation that he would join the priesthood.
_	The match became known in the media as the "Bryce Gibbs Cup", under the expectation that the loser of the game would ultimately finish last, receiving the first draft pick which was expected to be used on the young Glenelg midfielder Bryce Gibbs.
_	The NAS concluded that the polygraph "may have some utility" but that there is "little basis for the expectation that a polygraph test could have extremely high accuracy".
_	The idea of a school feeding program is that children are provided with meals at school with the expectation that they will attend school regularly.
_	Dr. Douglas Fraser, a pediatric critical care specialist and the lead doctor handling the case, proposed that Joseph's breathing tube be removed, with the expectation that he would die soon afterward from his inability to breathe unaided.
_	Until a recent renovation the stacks had little signage"There was the expectation that if you were good enough to qualify to get into the stacks you certainly didn't need any help" (as one official put it)
_	Such a public double standard has been challenged by feminists, who resent the expectation that female appearance/behavior may be routinely commented on.
_	The land-grant schools slowly opened their doors to women with the expectation that they would become better at managing their households.
_	The Frozen Ark collects and stores samples taken from animals in zoos and those threatened with extinction in the wild, with the expectation that, some day, cloning technologies will have matured sufficiently to resurrect extinct species.
_	Similar to the APC but with the expectation that the infantry section would be able to stay in the vehicle and fight effectively, thus improving the vehicles firepower.
_	Formally, convergence trades refer to trading in similar assets in the expectation that they will converge in value.
_	It is seen as "the last person to help will be more rewarding than being one of the first or those in the middle, due to the expectation that the requestor will appreciate the last person more than any of those who complied previously".
_	The paper was a major review of military spending and one of its elements was the cancellation of nearly all manned fighter projects as a radical change had occurred in strategic threats with the expectation that intercontinental ballistic missiles and low-level strike would replace high flying bombers.
_	This prompted the colonists to mobilize in the expectation that troops would arrive from England; their efforts were aborted when the promised military support failed to materialize.
_	One article suggested that some CFD providers had been running positions against their clients based on client profiles, in the expectation that those clients would lose, and that this created a conflict of interest for the providers.
_	In the 2010 agreement, Canada agreed not to do any additional mining on the British Columbian Flathead with the expectation that Montana would do the same thing to its land.
_	He acquired United States citizenship in early 1918 with the expectation that his medical history would exempt him from his final year of draft eligibility.
_	A commission was created, officially to review the franchise for municipal and provincial elections, in the expectation that it would recommend the suppression of plural voting.
_	She taught all her children (two daughters and three sons) to work with clay but especially the eldest daughter, Irma, with the expectation that she would carry on the tradition.
_	The 367th and other P-38 groups stationed in England were selected for these missions with the expectation that the distinctive silhouette of the Lightning would prevent potential friendly fire incidents by anti-aircraft gunners mistaking them for enemy fighters.
_	Sports psychologist Victor Thompson says the bracelets play on superstition, simply giving people the expectation that they can improve their sporting performance.
_	Berardinelli wrote "Anyone attending with the expectation that this is going to satisfy a primal desire for wall-to-wall combat will be sadly disappointed.
_	The second group did better than the first one and met the expectation that Asians are good at math.
_	And as in the Roman military or civil service, promotion was expected to follow the principle of "cursus honorum", rising through the ranks, with the expectation that ideally, a minimum period would be served in each.
_	It was improved in the 1960s to be an important link between these two roads, with the expectation that traffic would increase greatly along it.
_	His resources were still limited, but he flattered himself in the expectation that he might earn a subsistence as a man of letters.
_	Byron was in debt and had continued to spend money on the expectation that the house would be sold.
_	In 2010 Spillers moved to the nearby Morgan Arcade, initially on a temporary basis, with the expectation that the move will be made permanent if successful.
_	Luigi is reinstated as a gondolier, without the expectation that he must sing.
_	During preparatory meetings in Geneva, text that linked Zionism to racism was placed in brackets, with the expectation that it would be replaced by text that referred to violations of the rights of Palestinians.
_	In its decision, however, the CRTC explicitly communicated the expectation that this would exist only as a temporary arrangement, to end as soon as the CBC could afford to directly acquire MCTV's CBC affiliates.
_	In hopes of building a new University of Louisville Campus, Eleanor Belknap, along with her younger brother William Burke Belknap, donated land inherited from their father to the University of Louisville, and, in 1917, land east of the William R. Belknap School was developed as the University Park subdivision, named with the expectation that it would adjoin a new University of Louisville campus.
_	If the force was going to carry out this mission there had to be the expectation that enough missiles could survive a Soviet attack for a successful counterstrike.
_	The Basel Committee formulates broad supervisory standards and guidelines and recommends statements of best practice in banking supervision (see bank regulation or "Basel III Accord", for example) in the expectation that member authorities and other nations' authorities will take steps to implement them through their own national systems.
_	Settlement in Missoula began five miles (8 km) to the west near modern Frenchtown in 1860 as a trading post founded by Christopher P. Higgins, who had been present at the Treaty of Hellgate, and business partner Francis L. Worden, with the expectation that the Mullan Road and any future railroad would necessarily pass through the valley.
_	The decentralization encouraged by aggregative tools allows individual research groups to maintain specialized servers dedicated to specific types of data analysis in the expectation that their output will be collected into a larger report on a gene or protein of interest to other researchers.
_	With the expectation that Conservative voters would list the Liberals as their second choice and vice versa, the two parties believed they'd garner enough votes between them to stay in power.
_	The HBC would not extend credit to the Provisional Government, therefore the volunteer soldiers each pledged their individual credit to purchase supplies with the expectation that the government would repay them at a later time.
_	The first bridge on the site was a toll bridge built by Julian Tolmé in 1873, in the expectation that the western terminus of the Hammersmith and City Railway would shortly be built on the north bank, leading to a sharp increase in the number of people wanting to cross the river at this point.
_	The New Jersey Attorney General needed to review the deal before it was official, with the expectation that the merger would be completed in 2016.
_	The class is also told of the expectation that the child ask for the envelope loudly enough that the class can hear.
_	As housing stock becomes dilapidated, government policy is to sell the now extremely valuable public housing units to private owners, in the expectation that they will restore the properties.
_	The book can be categorized as belonging to the tradition of the Bildungsroman, in which a sensitive person is growing up or "coming of age" and searches of answers to life's questions with the expectation that these will result from gaining experience of the world.
_	In the foot-in-the-door (FITD) technique smaller requests are asked in order to gain compliance with larger requests, while door-in-the-face (DITF) works in the opposite direction, where larger requests are asked, with the expectation that it will be rejected, in order to gain compliance for smaller requests.
_	Speculators began purchasing property immediately adjacent to the projects, with the expectation that the complex would eventually be demolished.
_	The approach to the new station carried four tracks, with the expectation that other companies would use it.
_	Philip and Alice take a flight to Amsterdam on the expectation that they will meet Lisa there, only to find she never arrived to the airport.
_	Casting was underway in June 2009, with the expectation that successful casting would lead to a production commitment.
_	Some members of Smith's party later testified that during their encampment they saw the Baker-Fancher party poison a spring and a dead ox, with the expectation that Native Americans would be poisoned.
_	Fear of negative evaluation (FNE) is a psychological construct reflecting "apprehension about others' evaluations, distress over negative evaluations by others, and the expectation that others would evaluate one negatively".
_	The XIII Corps on the right were assigned to attack Sidi Omar, Capuzzo, Sollum, and Bardia; the XXX Corps (which included most of the armour) were to move on the left southern flank to a position about south of Tobruk, with the expectation that Rommel would find this move so threatening that he would move his armour there in response.
_	The other half are people who were just American diplomats or various officials; and it was prepared with the expectation that naturally many, many Americans operating abroad, diplomats and so on, would be hurt because their names were exposed as CIA officials.
_	The loyalty business model is a business model used in strategic management in which company resources are employed so as to increase the loyalty of customers and other stakeholders in the expectation that corporate objectives will be met or surpassed.
_	However, other institutions did not share the expectation that governing parties would automatically perform worse than the polls suggest.
_	Sense of agency has been argued as a prerequisite for human moral responsibility insofar as self agency underlies the expectation that individuals can be held responsible for their actions.
_	The party had the expectation that Cárdenas would make another run for the presidency in 1994 and he was this new party's candidate in the 1994 presidential election.
_	The researcher found that the UN’s Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights, written by the former UN Special Representative to the Secretary General for Business and Human Rights, Professor John Ruggie provide some discussion of how business enterprises need to undertake human rights due diligence suggesting that states ‘should set out clearly the expectation that all business enterprises domiciled in their territory and/or jurisdiction respect human rights throughout their operations’ and notes that ‘at present States are not generally required under international human rights law to regulate the extraterritorial activities of businesses domiciled in their territory and/or jurisdiction.
_	Reverse psychology is a technique involving the advocacy of a belief or behavior that is opposite to the one desired, with the expectation that this approach will encourage the subject of the persuasion to do what actually is desired: the opposite of what is suggested.
_	Flames president and chief executive officer Ken King said in 2008 that plans for a new arena were "five to eight years away" creating the expectation that the team hoped to have a new arena built for when their lease was due to expire in 2014, but such plans never came to fruition.
_	The new township was named for "a man by the name of Clifford in Philadelphia", with the expectation that this man would pay for the honor of having a town named for him.
_	Despite the expectation that improved production methods will double production, the United States Department of Energy (DoE) anticipates a supply shortfall of tellurium by 2025.
_	The union agreed to a 30 percent wage cut in the expectation that non-union mills would lower their wages below the new union level.
_	The guardians of the two girls, who at the time were too young to marry, divided the Vieuxpont lands with the expectation that they would come into their possession through marriage.
_	As early as August 14, 1998, a month before the release, the three largest retailers in the United States—K-Mart, Wal-Mart and Target—refused to stock the album citing the offensive cover and the expectation that it will carry a Parental Advisory sticker for violating their policy of not selling material with explicit lyrics or content.
_	In real estate, the greater fool theory can drive investment through the expectation that prices always rise.
_	The success of Victoria's Golden and Diamond Jubilees had created the expectation that Edward's coronation would be an expression of the nation's status as a great imperial power.
_	Another definition for "viability", as used in the medical phrase "limit of viability", is the expectation that a fetus has an equal chance of surviving and not surviving outside his or her mother's womb.
_	Metro-North has set aside $3.5 million for the project with the expectation that design work would be completed by the second quarter of 2008.
_	The lender is motivated to offer modification under this Program by the expectation that a loan in default will become a performing (current) loan which will be more valuable than the proceeds obtained from a foreclosure sale, along with receipt of financial incentives from the government.
_	When initially installed, the then-new concept of "series compensation" (sets of series capacitors at the sending- and receiving-ends of the transmission lines) were installed, with the expectation that this "series compensation" would reduce or even eliminate the losses inherent in the very long distance 500 kV transmission lines.
_	Entry into a PSPP on the part of the state is based on the expectation that additional resources can be generated or mobilized in order to increase the scope of public social services.
_	INFR Vice President Michael Bo Vocu stated "After much soul searching, we have decided that we cannot in good conscience accept resources from you on the terms you have offered, no matter how desperately we need it ... because, as you know, the resources you are offering are not truly philanthropic -- they come with the expectation that we will support the racial slur that continues to promote your associated professional football team's name."
_	Intergroup anxiety refers to the expectation that interacting with someone from a different group will be a negative experience.
_	Lenders and other creditors that extend credit or provide financing to a debtor during the course of a chapter 11 case do so with the expectation that their claims will be entitled to elevated priority of payment.
_	On "Stories of the Century", authorities send Margaret Jones to pose as the nonexistent "Mrs. Sontag" with the expectation that an outraged Sue Evans will indeed show them the path to the hideout.
_	The NHL team's decision to re-locate its affiliate to Edmonton was an unusual one for a North American professional sports organization, and was likely influenced by the expectation that the 2004–05 NHL lockout would wipe out the 2004–05 NHL season.
_	Gift or "generalized reciprocity" is the exchange of goods and services without keeping track of their exact value, but often with the expectation that their value will balance out over time.
_	The initial company would select and break the primary trail with the expectation that later pioneers would maintain and improve it.
_	The hip metrosexual cultures of the urban West strain to find fault in their inheritance, and seem to appreciate those who do that in the most cool fashion—but always with the expectation that there will be some poor blokes who, in terms of clean water, medical care, free speech, and dependable electricity, ensure that London is not Lagos, that Stockholm is not Damascus, and that Los Angeles is not Nuevo Laredo."
_	Clinical studies conducted in the 1970s and 1980s confirm the expectation that deoxycholic acid is involved in the natural healing processes of local inflammations, different types of herpes, and possibly cancer.
_	The attraction and engagement of a new stakeholder group that will add valuable new perspectives and insights within their management consulting community along with the expectation that the Fellow will demonstrate tangible on-going involvement with the management consulting profession.
_	By stating that Peregrinus only gave up his land because he was under the expectation that he could live off of the kindness of other Christians, and then backtracked on the gift when this possibility was taken away, Lucian undermines Peregrinus’s claim to have given up his possessions for a more high-minded purpose.
_	Harry reunites with his team, and their elation at having survived and triumphed over the odds is tempered by the knowledge that only an extremely powerful wizard could have imprisoned the Shoggoth on the mortal plane, which means someone from the White Council, their own side, has not only violated the Laws of Magic, but sent them to protect it in the expectation that they would die.
_	Germain's approval of Howe's expedition included the expectation that Howe would be able to assist Burgoyne, effecting a junction at Albany between the forces of Burgoyne and troops that Howe would send north from New York City.
_	When the current market price is less than the average price, the stock is considered attractive for purchase, with the expectation that the price will rise.
_	Vocalist Alex Turner comments on the expectation that an evening that will be enjoyable will likely lead to disappointment; the line could also serve a comment on the massive hype surrounding the album in the UK press before release and several critics and fans have suggested this was intentional by Turner.
_	The title of the series comes from the term 'hanging gale', the name for a widespread practice in Ireland at the time, where a landlord would allow new tenants a six-month grace period on payment of their rent, with the expectation that the rent owed would be paid when the land's crops were harvested and sold.
_	Individuals engage in these behaviors with no intent to end their life, but instead with the expectation that the injury will cause minor or moderate physical pain.
_	The grant provides for Wi-Fi service for one year with the expectation that local governments will provide it in the future if they find it valuable enough to do so.
_	Coleman left the bulk of the farm to the children of his daughter, Mary Lewis, with the expectation that it would be sold and the proceeds divided among them.
_	They operated on the principle that "more participation would mean more competition, which would drive down premiums and make health insurance more affordable" and "[w]hen insurers signed up to sell health plans on the exchanges, they did so with the expectation that the risk-corridor program would limit their downside losses."
_	Barnett had grown up with the expectation that the United States and the Soviet Union would remain in the Cold War standoff indefinitely, and had followed an education path that would have been useful for that context.
_	Despite the expectation that the race would come down to a sprint finish, Van Avermaet and other attackers provided for a different sort of finish.
_	Optimism for Newport's early growth was based on the expectation that the railway would eventually reach Newport.
_	Although the majority were in favour of the idea, there was opposition to the plan, based on objections of hygiene, the poor use of land (given the expectation that the area would become densely populated), and that it might impede the development of a future highway.
_	Sorkin, on the basis of his treatment, was selected by Redford to write the screenplay with the expectation that Redford would star.
_	These fellowships were generally for two years and had the expectation that the fellow would leave to an academic institution.
_	The assumption of a unique primary melt led to the expectation that chemical and mineral characterization of primitive glasses associated with a basalt would constrain the residual mantle mineral assemblage, temperature, and pressure of the (presumed) primary melt.
_	In larger institutions, the curator's primary function is that of a subject specialist, with the expectation that he or she will conduct original research on objects and guide the organization in its collecting.
_	The specification for the launch speed of aircraft was increased from 130knots to 180knots, with the expectation that it would be increased again.
_	Salisbury's daughter said that his parents sent him to college partly in the expectation that he might find a wife who was not a cousin.
_	Using Kurt Lewin’s Approach-Avoidance paradigm Seward (1945) argued that conflict arises from giving all children equal opportunity to learn and achieve; but with the expectation that women chose between family and their goals when they marry.
_	Network operators deploy NAC products with the expectation that some legitimate clients will be denied access to the network (if users never had out-of-date patch levels, NAC would be unnecessary).
_	Reports of family life include "a mother who [felt] that she was cursed to give birth to a girl" and the expectation that Nazanin would remain uneducated and care for siblings, and a father addicted to opium, with references to physical and psychological abuse from parents and a male sibling, and childhood sexual abuse by a family acquaintance.
_	He selected a position on two low hills in open woodland, with the expectation that the aggressive Tarleton would make a headlong assault without pausing to devise a more intricate plan.
_	It was thought that Muerwa might be keeping silent on the issue in the expectation that he could be tapped to replace the ailing Stan Mudenge as Minister of Tertiary Education.
_	The turnover threshold in which small businesses would be eligible for this lower tax rate would raise from $2 million to $10 million, with the expectation that it would be raised again to $25 million in 2017–18, $50 million in 2018–19, and eventually $100 million in 2019–20.
_	However, the phrases "all-white jury" and "all-black jury"' may raise the expectation that deliberations may be less than fair.
_	The law, which created ERSSAN, was drafted with the expectation that private sector participation in the sector would substantially increase, which did not occur.
_	The symmetry the house retained even after being tripled in size later in the century suggests that it was originally built with the expectation that it would eventually be expanded in that fashion.
_	USS "Inca", a 23-ton motor patrol boat, was one of a group of nine motor boats built by Herreshoff Manufacturing Company, Bristol, Rhode Island, in 1917 in the expectation that their private owners would make them available for First World War service.
_	With the completion of volume XII in May 1988, the Editor-in-Chief announced "KRONOS will go on hiatus with the expectation that a publication schedule can be resumed some time in 1990."
_	A fundamental aspect of the American Dream has always been the expectation that the next generation should do better than the previous generation."
_	Once again, the implementation of the "Model" was left undefined with the expectation that software developers would fill in an appropriate solution.
_	By the time the language design was completed, it was changed to an Algol-like syntax, with the expectation that it would be more familiar to a wider audience of programmers.
_	They did not stem entirely from the Second Great Awakening, but the revivalist doctrine and the expectation that one's conversion would lead to personal action accelerated the role of women's social benevolence work.
_	The SRAF was re-established in 1947 and two years later, Huggins appointed a 32-year-old South African-born Rhodesian Spitfire pilot, Ted Jacklin, as air officer commanding tasked to build an air force in the expectation that British African territories would begin moving towards independence, and air power would be vital for land-locked Southern Rhodesia.
_	The site (located in a state park) was originally developed with the expectation that Spokane's other TV stations would want to follow suit.
_	Lombard was eager to win an Academy Award, and selected her next project—from several possible scripts—with the expectation that it would bring her the trophy.
_	This model adds semantic elements to the existing array of Web 2.0 social software applications with the expectation that such combination leverages collective intelligence and collective knowledge.
_	In finance, leverage (sometimes referred to as gearing in the United Kingdom and Australia) is any technique involving the use of borrowed funds in the purchase of an asset, with the expectation that the after tax income from the asset and asset price appreciation will exceed the borrowing cost.
_	In a "push strategy", the marketer advertises intensively with retailers and wholesalers, with the expectation that they will stock the product or brand, and that consumers will purchase it when they see it in stores.
_	The use of formal methods for software and hardware design is motivated by the expectation that, as in other engineering disciplines, performing appropriate mathematical analysis can contribute to the reliability and robustness of a design.
_	In 1829, a Spanish expeditionary force was launched from Cuba, with the expectation that many Mexicans would support it.
_	Investors buy with the expectation that the value of their purchase will increase over the long term.
_	If the shortstop leaves too late, the man on second runs with the expectation that the shortstop cannot acquire position to take the throw on the steal.
_	The diplomatic marriage of Æthilric and Hereswith occurred between 626 and 633, before Edwin was himself slain by Cadwallon ap Cadfan, and must have carried the expectation that Æthilric was to be a Christian husband and probably king of the East Angles.
_	However, Ruddy's injury later worsened, with the expectation that he would not be fit again until April.
_	After the outbreak of the Second World War in September 1939, Eichmann and his staff arranged for Jews to be concentrated in ghettos in major cities with the expectation that they would be transported either farther east or overseas.
_	The analysis also discusses the expectation that processing costs would drop after the complex was established.
_	When Beersheba was occupied by the Israeli army in 1948, 90% of the Bedouin population of the Negev voluntarily left with the expectation that they would return when Israel lost their war for independence – mainly to Jordan and Sinai peninsula.
_	"Blessed are the poor in spirit" represents the expectation that those who do not receive all their physical longings are more inclined to seek fulfillment of their spiritual longings through Jesus Christ.
_	A US target of five percent growth is often recommended with the expectation that it would on average comprise three percent real growth (the historical average growth rate during the so-called Great Moderation) and two percent inflation (as currently targeted by the US Federal Reserve).
_	Upon their deaths Schrank's aunt and uncle left him valuable properties, with the expectation that Schrank could live a quiet and peaceful life.
_	A core doctrine in some variations of Christian eschatology is the expectation that the Second Coming is very near and that there will be an establishment of a Kingdom of God on Earth.
_	The City of Vancouver and European Cyclists’ Federation launched the Charter of Vancouver on Children and Cycling with the expectation that the Charter serve as a legacy for the city and the Velo-city Global 2012 conference.
_	Consists of the Kaplan Deluxe Program of videos, live lectures and question banks; with the expectation that the USMLE-1 examination will be completed within 6 months of starting the program.
_	Heyman invested in GAF with the expectation that then-Chairman, 65 year old Dr. Jesse Werner, would retire.
_	Running the “bastard defence”, Eagle Place Services acknowledged they acted unfairly but a hypothetical non-disabled comparator would have been treated no differently since, in large law firms, it was normal to manage dismissals by summarily dismissing highly paid employees, in the expectation that an amicable settlement would follow.
_	The program is to expand with the expectation that all students in years 10/11/12 will bring a laptop to school and students in years 7/8/9 will be encouraged to bring in a laptop.
_	The young Georgiana is contracted in marriage to William Cavendish, Duke of Devonshire, with the expectation that she produce his male heir.
_	This reduced their sitting capacity from 56 to 52 passengers, with the expectation that most luggage would be stored in an attached luggage van of the D series.
_	The commissions were to advise the Governor of which claims were accepted, with the expectation that land owners would then be awarded a Crown grant to their property.
_	However, the expectation that the Aerospace Medical Division would be the "national center for aerospace medical studies" faded as NASA developed its own medical research facilities.
_	It is possible that Bonaparte envisaged Aboukir Bay as a temporary anchorage: on 27 July, he expressed the expectation that Brueys had already transferred his ships to Alexandria, and three days later, he issued orders for the fleet to make for Corfu in preparation for naval operations against the Ottoman territories in the Balkans, although Bedouin partisans intercepted and killed the courier carrying the instructions.
_	Since the 1950s, social scientists and feminist theorists have increasingly criticized the gendered division of work and care and the expectation that the breadwinner role should be fulfilled by men.
_	After three years of rejections and disappointments, he finally found a patron in Jonas Collin, the director of the Royal Theatre, who, believing in the boy's potential, secured funds from the king to send Andersen to a grammar school in Slagelse, a provincial town in west Zealand, with the expectation that the boy would continue his education at Copenhagen University at the appropriate time.
_	The H-2 class subway cars delivered in 1971 included destination signs for "Sheppard via downtown" on the expectation that it would be a terminal station.
_	In July 2010 Izunwa said her ministry was partnering with Judith Amaechi's Empowerment Support Initiative to provide training in technical skills for youth in the state in the expectation that the program would help improve the economy and reduce poverty.
_	For example, a narrative in the Book of Numbers describes how such an oath is to be administered by a priest to a woman suspected of adultery, with the expectation that the accompanying curse will have no effect on an innocent person.
_	The Church of Scotland was established in 1560, during the Protestant Reformation period as the official state religion in Scotland, and in the following year it set out to provide a school in every parish controlled by the local kirk-session, with education to be provided free to the poor, and the expectation that church pressure would ensure that all children took part.
_	As per trust referred, "trust is defined in (Mayer, Davis, and Schoorman, 1995) as "the willingness of a party to be vulnerable to the actions of another party based on the expectation that the other will perform a particular action important to the trustor, irrespective of the ability to monitor or control that other party" (p. 712)".
_	The account was a fabrication, published in the expectation that it would be reprinted by British newspapers and therefore sway British public opinion in favor of peace with the United States.
_	2. Academic Education, Special Education and GED preparation are provided by the Atlantic County Special Services School District with the expectation that youth will return to the regional public school or transitional school.
_	In the confusion following the disaster, people escaping from flooded neighborhoods were directed to the Convention Center by police and word of mouth, with the expectation that there would be provisions, aid, and evacuation buses there.
_	On January 28, 2005, Mayor Stéphane Gendron announced that the town was purchasing the five textile plants that were closing with the expectation that they could be sold to new businesses.
_	On April 27, June was selected by the Indianapolis Colts in the sixth round (25th pick) of the 2003 NFL Draft with the expectation that he would play weak side linebacker.
_	It is common in shogi to sacrifice pieces – that is, attacking with the expectation that the attacking piece will be immediately captured – in order to check the king forcing the king to move to a checkmateable position.
_	For example, if an individual were surprised to hear a wealthy businessman extolling the virtues of socialism, their surprise would rest on the expectation that businessmen (a category of people) are not usually socialist.
_	"The tendency to help others is frequently motivated by the expectation that doing so will bring social rewards"
_	The scientists predicted a 50% chance of below normal activity this season, due to the expectation that La Niña conditions would develop.
_	In order to "best establish local peace and order," Communist troops would be sent into Tsingtao with the expectation that the Marines would not oppose them.
_	Most of these establishments allow patrons to sing for free, with the expectation that sufficient revenue will be made selling food and drink to the singers.
_	Sometimes the use of the phrase by politicians is echoed in media reports on political events, or indeed the news medium itself employs the phrase as part of its own editorializing, in the expectation that its readers will infer that it is referring to them:
_	The Dowager Queen Olga was then appointed regent, in the expectation that King Constantine would soon return to Greece.
_	The new name has been spray-painted in red, with the expectation that new signs will soon be installed.
_	This results from the expectation that as the Earth orbits the Sun, the velocity of the detector relative to the dark matter halo will vary by a small amount.
_	Allen recounts that Rowell's objection was not to Blamey using his headquarters as much as the expectation that he (Rowell) was expected to be Blamey's chief-of-staff.
_	John Gabree of "High Fidelity" magazine similarly bemoaned the expectation that "we should dig his every little noise" and found the reasons for the album's failure evident in the "Let It Be" film, where McCartney appeared to be "the only Beatle who has stagnated as a human being", as well as "incredibly arrogant" in his treatment of his bandmates.
_	Lilly also transferred about of surrounding farmland to the college with the expectation that Earlham would sell that land and use the proceeds to provide an endowment for the museum.
_	The London Missionary Society sent missionaries on furlough, or on a leave of absence, in an effort to fulfill the expectation that all of the station conditions would become more normal afterwards, and that the opportunity to carry out missionary projects would increase.
_	On October 23, Walton was assigned to the Skyforce with the expectation that he would spend most of the season in the G League.
_	In order to support Onew in the musical "Rock of Ages," in 2010, his fans had donated 1.44 tons of rice, a common practice for fans in South Korea, with the expectation that the idol will then donate to a charity of their choice — Onew donated it to help feed North Korean children, which was prepared by the Child Development Program.
_	Put off by the limitations of photojournalism (the expectation that he would illustrate the writer’s perspective rather than author a narrative of his own), Sahihi began to embark on independent, highly compact conceptual series.
_	At first, Wingate proposed to convert the entire front into one giant Chindit mission by breaking up the whole of the Fourteenth Army into Long-Range Penetration units, presumably in the expectation that the Japanese would follow them around the Burmese jungle in an effort to wipe them out.
_	Government agencies are particularly likely to utilise elaborate competitive tendering processes due to the expectation that they should be seen at all times to be responsibly and accountably spending public money.
_	The BSAC was created in the expectation that the gold fields of Mashonaland would provide funds for the development of other areas of Central Africa, including the mineral wealth of Katanga.
_	At this time, as the government in Ethiopia was faced with growing dissent, and the health of the Crown Prince was despaired of, the Prime Minister prevailed on the Emperor to name an "acting Crown Prince" or Heir Presumptive with the expectation that the Heir Apparent did not have long to live.
_	Her son Zera Yacob was named Acting Crown Prince and Heir Presumptive by Emperor Haile Selassie, with the expectation that he would be named Crown Prince and Heir Apparent upon the expected death of his father.
_	Mason in 1777 was assigned to a committee to revise Virginia's laws, with the expectation that he would take on the criminal code and land law.
_	These findings were quickly dismissed in the presence of virtual teams due to the fact that virtual teams have the expectation that one will work longer together, and the level of anonymity is different from just a one off online interaction.
_	Later, owing to Nohara's acquired celebrity status, the fast food chains also started to give him branded shirts, caps, and mugs, with the expectation that the items would appear on the frequent nationwide television interviews.
_	Oil had gone up 11 percent for the month with the expectation that OPEC would limit production.
_	Robertson joined the Country Party in 1961 in the expectation that he would be the party's candidate at the election held in March 1962.
_	Experience curve pricing occurs when a manufacturer prices a product or service at a low rate in order to obtain volume and with the expectation that the cost of production will decrease with the acquisition of manufacturing experience.
_	French police did not intervene in either the Sony or 3M incidents, in the expectation that each would be resolved peacefully, as they were in the end.
_	As the 16:35 deadline set by the army approached, the coalition met with the military leaders for emergency talks, with the expectation that the army would issue a statement when the deadline passed.
_	Another was the expectation that a car would be made to last a long time and undergo many repairs that would be regarded as uneconomic in almost any other market.
_	Many companies use the "designed experiment" approach to making marketing decisions, with the expectation that relevant sample results can improve positive conversion results.
_	Although these five half-siblings have grown up in different parts of the world and unaware of one another, they were anonymously monitored and nurtured by Steele's employer, the international spy organization Olympus, as part of a secret project called Project Sire, with the expectation that they would one day come together to take their father's place, and if necessary, help save the world.
_	Seen in this light, his actions are intended to provoke a crisis in which the PRC must either start a war or accept independence, with the expectation that the PRC would back down.
_	Accommodation can be understood as the mechanism by which failure leads to learning: when we act on the expectation that the world operates in one way and it violates our expectations, we often fail, but by accommodating this new experience and reframing our model of the way the world works, we learn from the experience of failure, or others' failure.
_	In either articling or clerkship, there is the expectation that the law graduate will work in a variety of legal fields and be exposed to the realities of legal practice that are absent from law school's academic atmosphere.
_	An example might be a close contact of a patient known to have a fully sensitive strain of tuberculosis: in this case, it is acceptable to use 2HRZ/4HR (omitting EMB and STM) in the expectation that their strain will be INH susceptible also.
_	Württemberg, unlike other Lutheran German courts, found a semi-solution to a shortage of treble voices in the hiring of a succession of young, unmarried called "Legr-Discantistinnen" or "Kapelleknaben" (despite the masculinity of the term) who would receive music training with the expectation that they would become permanent members of the Württemberg establishment with an equal salary to the choirboys.
_	The main risk involves leveraged speculation where the landlord takes a loan to buy the property, with the expectation that the house can be sold later for a higher price, or that rental income will meet or exceed the cost of the loan.
_	The subsidy was subsequently reduced to €8 million a year in 2017 and is to be entirely eliminated in 2020 with the expectation that RNW will fund itself entirely by competing with other NGOs for grants on a project by project basis from the government and charitable foundations as well as other revenue streams.
_	Toba had forced one of his sons to abdicate in favor of the son of another consort; and after 1142, former Emperor Sutoku harbored the expectation that his son would follow Emperor Konoe on the throne.
_	Justice Noah Haynes Swayne resigned with the expectation that Hayes would fill his seat by appointing Stanley Matthews, who was a friend of both men.
_	On the expectation that Great Britain would become involved in a continental war, in 1727, he was promoted to the rank of brigadier-general.
_	Holt was put into a pretrial intervention program, with the expectation that the charges would be dropped upon completion.
_	These oaths were intended to prevent cardinals from voting for their friends or casting joke ballots, while the wording of the paper ballots set the expectation that the next pope would be a cardinal, even though "Aeterni Patris Filius" did not explicitly prohibit the electors from voting for individuals who were not members of the College.
_	The original's plot twist, where the player discovers that the player-character Jack has been coerced into events by the trigger phrase, "Would you kindly...", is considered one of the strongest narrative elements of recent games, in part that it subverted the expectation that the player has control and influence on the game.
_	Excited, the girls cut their father into pieces and threw them into a pot, in the expectation that he would emerge rejuvenated.
_	This attitude seems inconsistent with his nationalist views, but may be explained by the expectation that after the British had imposed peace they would withdraw.
_	In many countries there are initiatives to move services out of hospitals into the community, in the expectation that this will save money and be more convenient.
_	Brethren of Scituate that were members of the Plymouth church had been dismissed on 23 November 1634 in the expectation that they would form their own congregation, and, a covenant being joined, Cudworth and his wife Mary were registered as members of the Scituate church on January 18, 1634/5.
_	After 1964, the fourth push-button channel selector on British televisions was traditionally labelled "ITV2", in the expectation that the second commercial channel would be awarded to ITV in the near future.
_	The view of the enthroned ruler falls to the east in the expectation that the Last Judgement would come from this direction and along with it the end of all temporal rule.
_	The German strategy was to make idealistic offers of limited rearmament, out of the expectation that all such offers would be rejected by the French, allowing Germany to go on ultimately with the maximum rearmament.
_	Other things that are many times included in a dance team tryout is the expectation that you can quickly master multiple short routines in different styles.
_	Additionally Modifications were also made to address the falsifications such as inappropriate mortgage charges, filing of fraudulently deeds, reporting of and at times filing of fraudulent mortgages that were already paid off that were fraudulently continued by lenders staff and attorneys or brokers or anyone in the Real Estate Chain through the issues of real estate terms to continue to violate United States Laws, contract law and legal precedence where collusion was often done again to defraud and steal from the Note Holder was such a common practice that was evidence as to why the Mortgage Crash in 2008 occurred for the purpose of wining the prize of stealing form Homeowners and those that foreclosed was actually often purposefully for these monies note holders were unaware of to be obtained which was why Balloon mortgages and loans were given to the staff in the Real Estate Market with the hoper and the expectation that the loan holders would default as it offered opportunity to commit illegal transactions of obtaining the homeowners funds.
_	A little later, in the expectation that he had only a short time to live, and not wishing to die at home causing upset to his family, he moved to Florence and set up in practice there.
_	The Nizam then ostensibly struck a deal with the British Madras Presidency for their support, but apparently did so with the expectation that when Hyder Ali was prepared for war, the deal with the British would be broken.
_	Up to age 9, a female child might receive the same education as a male, however, at age 10, girls were expected to study the Three Obediences and Four Virtues; 'obediences' refers to the expectation that she would first obey her father, then her husband, then her sons after her husband's death.
_	Millions of eggs may be produced with no further parental involvement, in the expectation that a small number may survive to become mature individuals.
_	The registry offers genetic parts with the expectation that recipients will contribute data and new parts to improve the resource.
_	The appellate court agreed with the lower court's ruling that it was likely "the defendants contrived this usage of the mark solely for trademark maintenance purposes in anticipation of plaintiff's introduction of the 'Scramble' video game into the market" and "with the expectation that they would later imitate the audiovisual display [of 'Scramble']" and therefore the defendants' first use of the trademark was not in good faith.
_	The strategy of Flandin was to strongly imply to the British that France was willing to go to war with Germany over the Rhineland issue, in the expectation that the British were not willing to see their Locarno commitments lead them into a war with the Germans over an issue where many in Britain felt that the Germans were in the right.
_	The order was subsequently increased with the expectation that when the M4 Sherman was available, it could replace part of the order.
_	Former Pentagon aircraft designer Pierre Sprey expressed the expectation that unit prices would continue to rise and reach in excess of US$200M.
_	The effort was kept secret because it probably violated the Geneva Convention's ban on exposing prisoners to propaganda, the possibility of German retaliation with American prisoners, and the expectation that prisoners would reject overt reeducation.
_	The effort was amplified by the San Francisco Bulletin Company, which sought to bring new varieties from Smyrna to California and distribute the cuttings to the Bulletin's subscribers, with the expectation that the subscribers would report back which varieties were most fit for California.
_	It is the main difference between phishing attacks because phishing campaigns focus on sending out high volumes of generalized emails with the expectation that only a few people will respond.
_	It's the expectation that must have been in existence at the turn of the century, the patriotism that must've existed at the start of the war and the disillusionment that must've come immediately afterwards.
_	Organizations that in year 2001 were operating a QMS based on ISO 9001:1994 were permitted to conform to Section 2 with the expectation that they would then transition their QMS to Section 1.
_	To help graduating Central High School students in their matriculation to outstanding colleges, the Kieff family endowed a Central High School Science prize, with the expectation that such Prizes would facilitate college entry at a time when admission to a prestigious college has become challenging.
_	The EPC voted overwhelmingly to form the new presbytery at its own General Assembly in June 2007 with the expectation that the New Wineskins congregations would be received into the EPC.
_	The stadium plans were finally approved by the then-mayor of Odense, Hans Christian Petersen (Conservative People's Party), and Odense Idrætspark was founded on 27 December 1927, with the expectation that the municipality built the stadium, and the local sports clubs would run it.
_	However, with the expectation that accurate clocks would eventually become commonplace, John Harrison showed that his method was the way of the future.
_	In responding to the Great Depression and World War II, Roosevelt used declarations of emergency to signal his intent to broaden executive power, with the expectation that Congress (controlled by his own party) would ratify his actions.
_	When one stock in a pair outperforms the other, the poorer performing stock is bought long with the expectation that it will climb towards its outperforming partner, the other is sold short.
_	This expectation is based on a number of factors, including: sales pitches; the expectation that mattresses will last the length of their warranty, hence 10 years or 20 years, accordingly; and comparison with other household items.
_	A lack of first team opportunities lead to the expectation that Santana would leave the club, a suggestion that was denied by the club's General manager Michael Zorc.
_	Sacrifice bunts are excluded from consideration on the basis that they are usually imposed by the manager with the expectation that the batter will not reach base, and thus do not accurately reflect the batter's ability to reach base when attempting to do so.
_	Beckett claims that: "A series of vicious and cynical attacks were mounted on some of the most vulnerable in society, in the expectation that the Labour party would do its utmost to defend them, and could be painted as the party of welfare".
_	The city manager, operating under the council-manager government form, was created in part to remove city government from the power of the political parties, and place management of the city into the hands of an outside expert who was usually a business manager or engineer, with the expectation that the city manager would remain neutral to city politics.
_	In rubber bridge, a sacrifice is an attempt to prevent the opponents scoring a game or rubber on the expectation that positive scores on subsequent deals will offset the negative score.
_	According to a review in "The Economist", the circumstances of the biography were that Gaddis began conducting interviews and accumulating papers from Kennan in 1981 with the expectation that a posthumous biography would be published.
_	Upon arrival at their destination, the crew assists Timicin in modifying photon torpedos to launch into the proxy sun with the expectation that it will repair the damaged star and prove that the technique can be safely applied to the Kaelon sun.
_	The term pre-emerging markets is sometimes used as a synonym for "frontier markets", emphasizing the expectation that they will eventually "graduate" to "emerging market" status.
_	Messianic believers supported Cromwell's Republic in the expectation that it was a preparation for the "fifth monarchy"—that is, the monarchy that should succeed the Babylonian, Persian, Greek, and Roman world empires.
_	The contract to build Chanute Field was given to English Brothers Construction of Champaign, Illinois on 22 May 1917, with the expectation that construction would be complete in 60 days.
_	His education was predicated on the expectation that he should follow the family tradition and become a judge.
_	The Central Government had proposed to insulate the revenues of the States from the impact of GST, with the expectation that in due course, GST will be levied on petroleum and petroleum products.
_	The discovery of the risky shift was considered surprising and counter-intuitive, especially since earlier work in the 1920s and 1930s by Allport and other researchers suggested that individuals made more extreme decisions than did groups, leading to the expectation that groups would make decisions that would conform to the average risk level of its members.
_	To some, the park has little concern with the human scale of park functions and the vast open space seem to challenge the expectation that visitors may have of an urban park.
_	Monies to UNRWA would be rechanneled to Arab countries in the area in the expectation that they would eventually absorb the Palestinian refugees resident in their states.
_	Gurney claimed that he was unaware that Cramer had considered running for the Senate in 1968 and had deferred that year to Gurney, with the expectation that Cramer would seek the other Senate seat in 1970 with Gurney's backing.
_	Bowl officials signed the University of Tulsa to appear in the 1949 game prior to the start of the season with the expectation that the team would perform well; however, Tulsa started the year 0–8 and had to be replaced by William & Mary.
_	Music composed in the Baroque era, particularly in slow tempos, often was written in bare outline, with the expectation that the performer would add improvised ornaments to the melody line during a performance.
_	After a visit by Rehfeldt to Korea early in 1955 for a preachers' meeting, it was decided to officially organize the Korea District and to allow the delegates to elect the district superintendent (DS), with the expectation that the DS would be a Korean.
_	This category of jokes comprises those that exploit common misunderstandings of mathematics, or the expectation that most people have only a basic mathematical education, if any.
_	£10 million in private equity funding was subsequently raised to cover costs for two years, with the expectation that NCH would break even by the third.
_	A franchise to extend the Uptown Tubes to Grand Central was awarded in June 1909, with the expectation that construction could start within six months and that the new extension would be ready by January 1911.
_	The boy, Haru (Chris Farley), is raised amongst the ninja, with the expectation that he may be the one of whom the legend speaks.
_	The concession was justified by the expectation that the stadium will generate R$950 million in city taxes during the six years after its opening.
_	Each family member enters their own box, in the expectation that all will automatically be released at the same time, once the recession is over.
_	Ten years later, the county returned the island to the federal government in the expectation that it would be developed as a U.S. National Monument preserving the remnants of Fort Pickens.
_	The Orléanists agreed to support the aging comte de Chambord's claim to the throne, with the expectation that at his childless death he would be succeeded by their own claimant, Philippe d'Orléans, comte de Paris.
_	Because the Library Association of Portland was in charge of all libraries in Multnomah County, the branch was operated as though it were part of that system, with the expectation that its stewardship would transfer to the PLA after the end of World War II (which was the reason for Vanport's inception).
_	With the expectation that much of the work would be done by assistants, as it was a very large undertaking, it was specified that Huguet himself would be responsible for painting the heads and hands.
_	In early 1988, Kostyra introduced his government's annual budget to the legislature, with the expectation that it would be passed by the narrow NDP majority in parliament.
_	It had long been the expectation that when a non-Roman acquired citizenship he, as part of his enfranchisement, took on a Roman name.
_	However, the copper mine ceased operations in October 1877 and was sold by liquidators in January 1878 on the expectation that it would not be re-opened until the railway was completed.
_	In countries where tipping is the norm, such as in the US, Canada, and in a few countries in Western Europe, some employers pay workers with the expectation that their wages will be supplemented by tips.
_	Consequently, it has featured in the local papers from time to time because of "selection by relocation" - parents have moved home to be within its catchment area in the expectation that their child would be guaranteed entry, only to find the boundaries redrawn to cope with its permanent over-subscription for places.
_	With the expectation that fuel would be difficult or impossible to obtain on the continent, the Allies built a "Pipe-Line Under The Ocean" (PLUTO).
_	Originally called 'the Casbah' by its creators, it was deliberately designed with vast amounts of blank surfaces with the expectation that tenants would provide the colour and character via their signage and store frontages.
_	It also says that this test was "developed with the expectation that most students are using graphing calculators."
_	This feature was "revolutionary" because it was inconsistent with the expectation that an electron could be bound to an atom's nucleus by any amount of energy.
_	The Doctor of Management is a 54-credit-hour, three-year lock-step program for people intending a business, rather an academic, career, and is based on the expectation that the practitioner-scholar will develop the ability to think critically about problems confronting an organization.
_	When Queen Anne's War broke out in 1702, Nicholson lent New York £900 of his own money, with the expectation that it would be repaid from Virginia's quit rents (it was not).
_	That same year in the episode "Shanghai Kelly's Birthday Party", Taylor played James Kelly of San Francisco, who shanghaiied sailors onto ships bound to the Far East, with the expectation that none would return to accuse Kelly of a crime.
_	Gurney has claimed that he was unaware that Cramer had considered running for the Senate in 1968 and had deferred to Gurney, with the expectation that Cramer would run for the other Senate seat in 1970.
_	In a 2013 interview, she spoke of her parent's commitment to her and her sister having the best education possible and the expectation that she would work in a commercial environment.
_	He led a battalion of Finland Regiment in April in an armed demonstration to the Marinsky Palace, in the expectation that the Soviet would establish Soviet power and demand the arrest of the government.
_	Various regiments were posted to Ireland at this time in the expectation that this annexation could cause some social unrest.
_	In late 1968, Garrincha was signed and began to play for Flamengo, but the expectation that he could play for the entire season failed.
_	In horse racing and greyhound racing, an ante-post bet is a bet placed before the horse/greyhound racing course's betting market has opened, and is made on the expectation that the price of the horse/greyhound is presently more favorable than it will be when the course's market opens.
