_	Mandy Patinkin has said that his inspiration for the scene was the real-life loss of his father to cancer and the feeling that his character killing Rugen would bring him back.
_	However, both share the feeling that they are destined never to marry each other.
_	Cultural xenophilia according to some sources can be connected with cultural cringe, or the feeling that one's own culture is inferior.
_	Ruthenian and Polish nobles often spoke Polish, Latin, and Church Slavonic in court, which added to the feeling that the Ruthenian language was the lingua franca of the peasants.
_	For this reason, and the feeling that they had exhausted the series' potential, the developers tried to kill the character off.
_	With "Vestiges & Claws", he is embracing his own style, his musical expertise, his lyrical prowess - without any hint of hesitance or the feeling that, in order to make a great record, he needs to feature what's already familiar."
_	Having been naturalized in 1929, she never gave up her U.S. citizenship and maintained that she did not "have the feeling of nationality or roots," but "always had the feeling that I belong where my easel is."
_	John Murphy of "musicOMH", said that "I Trawl The Megahertz" "won't be to everyone's taste – in fact you get the feeling that most people will probably be a bit baffled by the whole thing.
_	It would be great if everyone who views the "Octacube" walks away with the feeling that being kind to others is a good way to live.
_	Becky Lea of "Den of Geek" wrote, "An episode of two halves, Beyond The Mat manages to succeed more than it fails, but the feeling that the season has been stalling somewhat (Love Hurts was especially guilty of this) continues.
_	Despair expresses the feeling that the time is now too short...to try out alternative roads to integrity'.
_	Photography historian Sarah Greenough points out that by doing so Stieglitz "was destabilizing your [the viewer's] relationship with nature in order to have you think less about nature, not to deny that it's a photograph of a cloud, but to think more about the feeling that the cloud formation evokes."
_	Cano said that her remark gave him the feeling that “she lives in another province.
_	Every event seems so well-placed and inevitable that one is left with the feeling that the piece could have gone only the way she has it mapped out.
_	Rather, I indicate what lay beyond her undergarments, always working with the feeling that more will follow.
_	As audience has said many stage they create an atmosphere that causes the viewer the feeling that is part of what is happening on stage.
_	Each rider's seat is shaped like a horse, and the rider straddles the saddle seat to create the feeling that they are riding on a horse.
_	Discussing the conflict between Simmons and the LMD of Leo Fitz in the episode, and the reveal in the end that Simmons is dead in the Framework and Fitz is with someone else, Whedon referred to the pair's relationship as "forever love", saying, "I don't think anything will come between them, but that's why we constantly put things between them, because the longing for them to be together is sort of the feeling that we're addicted to as writers and hopefully the audience is addicted, too ...
_	Producer Brannon Braga supported the Kazon's removal, criticizing the species as "half-baked Klingons" and their constant inclusion in episodes as making the series have "the feeling that we're traveling in a big circle".
_	In the extended version of this scene, Laurie is terrified by the feeling that her attacker may be getting closer and desperately tries calling her mother.
_	Robin Wood: "Paula Prentiss is—as always—very good, but at times one has the feeling that Hawks is importing a characterization on her instead of working with her."
_	Of Remini's three volumes of Jackson, Joel H. Silbey says that "one comes away with the feeling that here is how Jackson saw himself, might have set forth his won case, and wished to be remembered."
_	This "pumsae" is intended to be performed with the feeling that all movements are this majestic due to their unconquerable nature.
_	I had the feeling that something should be included and that something was looking, and so concentrating on looking I did the Tender Buttons because it was easier to do objects than people if you were just looking".
_	One gets the feeling that he is a fan of Piper, and he’s also a good enough writer to pull off the right mix of homage and originality."
_	"The particular kind of inwardness of Beethoven's last style period", writes Joseph Kerman, gives one the feeling that "the music is sounding only for the composer and for one other auditor, an awestruck eavesdropper: you."
_	Home lost contact with Edwin until one night when Home, according to Lamont, saw a brightly lit vision of him standing at the foot of the bed, which gave Home the feeling that his friend was dead.
_	To accentuate the feeling that the house was alive, exterior shots were filmed so that the windows appeared to be eyes.
_	I don't have the feeling that anyone is talking.
_	I have the feeling that sound is acting.
_	The securing of neutrality from Konstantin gave the Polish government the feeling that Russia would not attack them, and gave them the chance to effectively quash the uprising and was then able to effectively defeat the radicals in the country.
_	Adam eventually recovers enough to have the bandages removed from his face; after the bandages are removed it is revealed that his face had been replaced by Gabriel Bingham; the man who died saving Adam's life, he returns to Genoa City with Sage, he comes across the people he knows, but none of them recognize Adam or get the feeling that they know him somehow.
_	In his review for AllMusic, William Ruhlmann gave the album three out of five stars, writing that "in one song after another on this album, you get the feeling that he started out playing some familiar song in a specific genre and eventually extrapolated upon it enough to call it an original."
_	R.E.M.'s Peter Buck was quoted, in the Tony Fletcher book "Remarks", as saying that sitting in the band's van outside of City Gardens watching children play football was part of the feeling that inspired their song "Perfect Circle".
_	I also had the feeling that this might finally be the acting challenge that was beyond Anna Torv's considerable abilities, as her Leonard Nimoy impression quickly started to grate on my nerves."
_	Later Tokyo Jihen albums featured much more song-writing from other members, most notably "Variety" (2007), however Sheena still had the feeling that it was "taboo" for other people to write songs for her during "Kyōiku".
_	The curved screen was designed to take advantage of the effect of peripheral images in the viewer's eye and create the feeling that the viewer was in the picture.
_	Other claims include speech sounding as if it were in a foreign language, the words having a tendency to run together, or the feeling that speech was simply not connected to the patient's voice.
_	In contrast, familiarity is the feeling that the event was previously experienced, without recollection.
_	The California weather seemed to confirm that humans are causing global warming, adding to the feeling that the apocalypse is nigh.
_	A further concern was the continued requirement for the local Council to underwrite the main festival and the feeling that the public expenditure could be more wisely spent.
_	He said he acted in response to concerns by agency employees who were uneasy "about various aspects of this program", who "had the feeling that what the agency was doing was fundamentally inconsistent with past US government policy and American values" and because "a critical legal opinion was missing".
_	It’s the Gus Edwards repertoire of pop tunes which gives the film zest and the feeling that yesterday is worth remembering.
_	About the band members he said: "I sometimes get the feeling that they are not exactly working together like a team."
_	Coxon stated "there were no rows" and "[the band] just recognised the feeling that we needed some time apart".
_	While receiving reassurance from Sarkisian, the Sills got the feeling that David wasn't USC's first option.
_	The 1982 to 1984 file cards contained information on weapons specialties, but this was removed afterwards with due to concerns that children may be being given knowledge on firearms and the feeling that a character would only be limited to what he knows to use.
_	The exposition exhibits strongly the two currents of feeling which are intermingled by almost every Roman writer of the Empire—the feeling that the Romans of the writer's own day are degenerate creatures when confronted with their own republican predecessors, and the feeling that, however degenerate, the latter-day Romans still tower above the other peoples of the world, and in particular are morally superior to the Greeks.
_	It is a lively, noisy battle, but somehow its effect is anticlimatic and, in this spectator's opinion, heightens the feeling that "Roseanna McCoy" is not a valid dramatic achievement.
_	The conflict between Pistrucci and William Wyon continued into the late 1840s, and sometimes featured in the press, contributing to the feeling that all was not well at the Mint.
_	The owners of the house were described in 1988 by "The New York Times" as "... provid[ing] that essential ingredient so many historic buildings lack: a sense of continuity with the past and the feeling that Sheldon Manor is still a living organism, not an ancient relic."
_	She supports adopting Ayla into their society, if not least for the healing arts she brings to the cave, although Ayla also must overcome the feeling that she is uncomfortable with a full connection with the spirit world.
_	Allmusic critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine, in his review of "The Metropolitan Hotel", described the song as follows: "[T]he cloying 'The Bumper of My S.U.V.' is well-intentioned but is one of the more awkward Iraqi war songs — but those missteps only enhance the feeling that this album is a personal work for Wright, and that she's willing to make mistakes along the way."
_	In Cairo, like in every other city in the Middle East, there is the feeling that we can’t keep going like this – the end is near, and it might be violent."
_	However, the repeated failures have not dampened the feeling that England could again reach those heights ("Three Lions on a shirt, Jules Rimet still gleaming.
_	Eurogamer gave 7/10, stating "All the same, you can't escape the feeling that Rockstar just isn't as good at a pure third-person shooter as it is with the open worlds of "Grand Theft Auto" or "Red Dead Redemption", and in this linear context it's much harder to put up with its usual missteps in mechanics and difficulty."
_	At first the main character planning a revenge on the guy that cheats, although miss, strengthening the feeling that a woman should not accept being cheated.
_	"The wood-lined curved interior to the stand gives spectators the feeling that they are attending a Sunday church service, not a football match.
_	As brothers, they really have very little in common, except the feeling that they are living for the day".
_	Whatever the precise distribution of responsibility, Shea remained haunted by the feeling that he, personally, was responsible for the deaths of three astronauts.
_	Their invasion left the city in ruins, with Dr Croid unable to shake the feeling that this was because of his work.
_	Still, "there's little new ground broken here and attempted slow/heavy dynamics are often poorly executed, leaving the feeling that although accomplished, this is metal on demand rather than any kind of real statement of the heart," warns reviewer Sam Low, giving it the 3/5 rating.
_	You're left with the feeling that you have just awakened from a dream."
_	John Plamenatz in his critical examination of Rousseau's work considered that "conscience" was there defined as the feeling that urges us, in spite of contrary passions, towards two harmonies: the one within our minds and between our passions, and the other within society and between its members; "the weakest can appeal to it in the strongest, and the appeal, though often unsuccessful, is always disturbing.
_	After significant criticism directed toward the Reese and Bianca romance, and the feeling that the writers no longer understood Bianca or what she was about, Riegel decided to permanently exit the role in 2010; she joined Hendrickson on "The Young and the Restless" soon after, as Heather Stevens.
_	She is haunted by nightmares and terrifying visions, and she cannot shake the feeling that something evil is about to find her.
_	I always had the feeling that I would probably stay with the strip until I was in my early eighties.
_	Just when you get the feeling that OUAT can do little else but beat a dead horse forever (Hades’ blue hair!
_	The building contains Asian influences while the lobby was designed in a way to offer theatergoers the feeling that they are stepping into an illusion.
_	It encouraged them to have the feeling that the people of the United States would be given a true picture of what they were trying to do and what must be done at home if democracy is to survive.
_	Her departure from the guitar-driven rock of her previous work stemmed from the feeling that it was outdated, arguing that "as soon as any form becomes traditional, like the guitar, bass and drums, then people start to behave traditionally," and that "it's really difficult to get a band to stay on the edge using typical bass, guitar and drums setup because it tends to lapse into a predictable form."
_	Popular support for Mbeki also suffered from the feeling that his government's economic policies had failed to generate inclusive development.
_	Huge meetings, especially the ‘Hyde Park riots', and the feeling that many of the skilled working class were respectable, had persuaded many that there should be a Reform Bill.
_	As with two other black quarterbacks of his time, Joe Gilliam and Marlin Briscoe, the feeling that he never received a fair opportunity to play his desired position lead to drug abuse.
_	gave the feeling that the Superbike World Championship was 'back' following the years of decline in and .
_	Another source described what the band's intention for the album was, saying "This album mostly talks about the feeling that you don’t fit in your own life, [of] forever craving something else.
_	Janet then dies and Pete can't shake the feeling that this word sounds familiar.
_	Other representations may show her holding a golden arrow, reminding one of the "eros", the feeling that she inspires in everybody, and at times she is accompanied by the god Eros, holding a torch.
_	The verticals and diagonals he uses, especially in "Alone in Green" (1973) and "Battlefield #31" (1974), bring stress and energy to his paintings, trying to evoke the feeling that what is going on in Brazil is wrong.
_	He felt old and little tired...[and]...he wanted someone to understand the feeling that had taken possession of him after his mother's death [an event that took place in, "Death", the previous story]".
_	Others are about the world ending or the feeling that the world as a modern concept has long ended, and instead there is chaos, morally speaking."
_	Yagoda argued that "[o]ne never shakes the feeling that" the "hard to credit" characters "are stand-ins for the author, notebook-wielding observers of a poor, crime-riddled neighborhood rather than real participants in its daily life" with Gabriel being the "worst" example.
_	Infested humans have also reported "foreign body sensation"the feeling that something is in the eye.
_	He concluded, however, that the book "left me with the feeling that the spooks in Whitehall could have avoided a great deal of adverse publicity by agreeing to Tomlinson's original proposal: an employment tribunal held in camera."
_	The individual has very little control over the feeling that arises.
_	A possible explanation behind this is that the crowd gets the feeling that the situation is a big act, which leads to increased frustrations.
_	The couple decides to leave Chicago and head west, and the reader is left with the feeling that the Jadwins, despite the horrors they’ve just been through, have found happiness at last.
_	He tries to make his father Christoph proud, but seems to fail every time, when Christoph gives him the feeling that he wasn't good enough.
_	Jensen also wanted to make the puzzles feel like a natural part of the environment, and to avoid the feeling that the player was simply moving from puzzle to puzzle through the course of the game.
_	Enjoying this moment, Tom has the feeling that everything is perfect right now and that things can only go downhill from here...and he's so right.
_	So that gave certain artists the feeling that their creative output had a potential audience, and this in itself was a meaning-giver for a lot of those artists, crucial to a few of them.
_	To reset the feeling that girl child is a burden
_	These problems included the feeling that religious radio stations had ""...emerged as a new weapon with which one religious group could bludgeon another..."", and that U.S. stations unfairly dominated the airwaves despite an agreements to reserve some frequencies exclusively for Canadian stations.
_	When Dial Press first sent it out, they did not put "a novel" on the galleys or on the dustjacket, so a lot of people had the feeling that it could have been real.
_	However, when she woke up Batta couldn’t escape the feeling that she had abandoned her parents and asked to have her old memories back.
_	She’d later write, “At times I’ve struggled with the feeling that I was in way over my head.
_	He says his style developed from his struggle to fit in; the feeling that while he was not French, he was not fully Tunisian either.
_	Archie is sure the ad will never be answered, but it will give Wolfe the feeling that he has earned his fee.
_	Those travels gave to Bakhtiozina wider perception of life, helped to open to the world her vision, since she got the feeling that being different is much better, than hide it and faking the invisibility.
_	Last, pleasure is 'the feeling that all things are "right with the world."' (10-12).
_	If my own satisfaction comes first, it can only be increased by the feeling that at the same time I am passing on to those who are already lovers of birds the fruits of my experience, scanty as these may be, and also that my little book may be the means of communicating to the general reader something of that enduring charm and delight which from childhood I have found in the observation of wild birds".
_	This, in turn, gives people the feeling that their lives have meaning, a purpose, and are significant in the grand scheme of things.
_	While the interface requires learning, that learning is eased through design which gives the user the feeling that they are instantly and continuously successful.
_	He expressed anti-nationalist sentiment, stating that to become “truly human,” one would have to “overcome brotherly contamination” and “purge oneself” of the feeling that one is united with others “because of blood, affections, country or human destiny.”
_	They say they can smell foul odors and they had the feeling that they were being watched by someone.
_	"I never had the feeling that I didn't fit in," he told a reporter, "But probably I didn't."
_	We had the feeling that if anyone else came in and made their own Bond film, it would have been bad for our series".
_	Premier Danny Williams announced in late 2005 that he would consider opening debate on the matter, and that he personally preferred the tricolour, but an informal poll commissioned in October 2005 by Williams showed that only 25% of Newfoundlanders supported adopting the tricolour - with cost and the feeling that the colour pink would not be appropriate for the provincial flag being cited as the most popular reasons for rejection.
_	"XXL" executive Publisher, Jonathan Rheingold, stated that typically magazines based around particular artists were not favorable, but "since Shade 45 is a truly authentic and uncensored rap radio channel, the marriage with the "XXL" brand made sense," with the feeling that it is what would interest rap fans.
_	The cost was estimated to be some $9.5 million a year "to give suburbanites and exurbanites the feeling that they are reading a world-minded paper with a home-town emphasis."
_	So did the equally inevitable sense of loss, the grief that could not be comforted, the feeling that all the joy had gone out of life.
_	Patrick Donovan of "The Age" said, "[Y]ou get the feeling that "Watch Me Disappear" will please more than just their mates and old fans", but Bernard Zuel wrote in "The Sydney Morning Herald" that it was "an album that no doubt will polarise fans".
_	"The scenes in the Jailhouse with Richard were also beyond my expectations, they effortlessly pulled off fight scenes, dangerous motorcycle stunts, bombings and blasting and most especially the camera shots really gave me the feeling that I was like in a movie house watching a legit action film"...he stated.
_	Some criticism came from the feeling that the program was not educational.
_	I have the feeling that you hope to get something for nothing.
_	In June 2009, he remarked: "I get the feeling that Obama is tougher and proving wiser than many people seem to think".
_	He gave his listeners – Israelis and especially Nigerians – the feeling that he was a mystery man.
_	In an interview with German television station ZDF, Martineck stressed her preference for the isometric (or 45 degree angle) point of view, which gives her drawings the feeling that the viewer is in the air overlooking an entire city.
_	Questions that Gerbasi states as being deliberately designed to draw parallels with gender dysphoria, specifying "a persistent feeling of discomfort" about the human body and the feeling that the person was the "non-human species trapped in a human body", were answered "yes" by 24% and 29% of respondents, respectively.
_	When he reached the end of arranging the piece, he looked back: "I got the feeling that it was like the end of a journey realising that something that worked at the beginning worked at the conclusion".
_	Shilling is deliberately giving spectators the feeling that one is an energetic autonomous client of a vendor for whom one is working.
_	Keshet's journalist, Dror Globerman, wrote: "Even during these tough times for the press in general and Haaretz in particular, it seems that this seasoned editor understands very well which side his bread is buttered on, and it isn't on the side of staying in the good books of advertisers; it's on the side of biting criticism, giving his readers the feeling that there is somebody they can count on.
_	But I have the feeling that our party maybe won't order that prescription in 2012."
_	There are things which I have done in a moment of total change, such as when I went to the Sahara and wrote a book about the nomads... but I get the feeling that it was not even me that wrote it."
_	In the final year of his doctoral thesis at the University of Wisconsin, he had the feeling that his career field was too closed off from the world's problems, and he wanted to go a different way.
_	There is the feeling that the house may have originally faced the east rather than the west as at present because the staircase which is now closed off comes down in the central hall.
_	Warren Spector, part of Looking Glass Studios, said that immersive sims create the feeling that "you are there, nothing stands between you and belief that you're in an alternate world".
_	An example of ownership is the feeling that a product that you developed is YOURS and no one else’s.
_	In addition, Colin cannot shake the feeling that Guido is only staying with him out of pity and so in February 1989 he decides to leave Walford to stay with his brother in Bristol.
_	The producers used actual CBS News graphics to help accentuate the feeling that it was real (though they used a different network logo, a sphere within an outline of a TV screen), however, leading to at least one uproar over the events.
_	Leopold Stokowski produced a lush sound, yet "one had the feeling that underneath there was something false.
_	Meanwhile, Grammarist.com defines "sympathy" as "the feeling that you care about and are sorry about someone else's trouble, grief, misfortune, etc."; "a feeling of support for something"; or "a state in which different people share the same interests, opinions, goals, etc.", but not necessarily the feeling that you share another person's emotions.
_	When a Promethean spends enough time around humans, the humans begin to fall prey to Disquiet, the feeling that there is something not just fundamentally different, but utterly "wrong" about the Promethean.
_	In this tight framing, you get the up-close look because it gives the feeling that there are more maids present than just the eight of them in the frame.
_	In spite of the feeling that Lake's acoustic song "Still...You Turn Me On" stood out as an evident single choice, Emerson, Lake & Palmer did not select it for a release, both because Palmer did not play on the track and because it was least representative of the album or their general direction.
_	Lance Quinn wasn't the man for us, and that added to the feeling that we were going about it badly.
_	Coxon said "there were no rows" and "[the band] just recognised the feeling that we needed some time apart".
_	Set against this existing body of work, the task Myers has set himself seems somewhat pointless...it is hard to escape the feeling that this is less a novel than a music biography written in the first and second person.
_	But then you notice that somebody needs you, and all of a sudden your whole existence gets filled with the meaning; the feeling that you're an orphan needed by nobody, is gone", wrote Nekrasov to Lev Tolstoy, explaining this poem's idea.
_	At Borussia, nobody gave me the feeling that I was needed."
_	When Information Minister Nathan Shamuyarira defended the massacres in October 2006, Mnkandla said Shamuyarira's comments show he is "not only suffering from 1880s hangover — the feeling that the Ndebele also did the same to the Shonas — it also shows that Shamuyarira is now old and should retire."
_	With the main story continuing in the pages of the seven-part "Forever Evil" mini-series, it’s just hard to escape the feeling that DC’s flagship title is being used here as a sideshow to the main event.
_	He had been struggling with the feeling that he had failed his father and grandfathers, who were all army sergeants, after he failed basic training for entry to the British Army.
_	The decision was also based on the feeling that Emperor had a lot of integrity, and that if we were going to end it, we should end it while we still created great music.
_	Plans to include footage of the wrecked Raptor and its dead personnel along with Apollo were scrapped due to the difficulty of creating the shots and the feeling that it would be too morbid.
_	"Sify" gave the movie a verdict of 'Watchable', stating that ""Romans" gives the feeling that it could have been an excellent comedy, if those behind the film had put in some more efforts into it.
_	He was in constant pain from his illness and sometimes had the feeling that he was choking.
_	And yet, one cannot help but get the feeling that Blood Red Shoes are still capable of much better."
_	Doug Zartman, Bungie's director of public relations and one of the game's writers, explained "we wanted to capture the feeling that you get watching large groups of people clashing on the open field."
_	Best later said that "I increasingly had the feeling that I was carrying the team at times on the pitch."
_	The platforms in "Nowhere Boys: The 5th Boy" were intertwined to give the player the feeling that they are directly in control of the direction of the television series.
_	He gives the feeling that he doesn't have any native language".
_	As the Scottish railway network developed in the following years, the cost of transporting goods to and from towns connected to a line fell dramatically; and Peebles, and other towns not connected, felt at a marked disadvantage in the cost of the necessities of living, and in moving its manufactures to markets, and this heightened the feeling that Peebles must have a railway line.
_	By 1990 there was the feeling that the area's industrial history was being forgotten.
_	In an interview to "Caras" Magazine due to the death of Count Federico, where his friends paid tribute to his legacy, Bony Bullrich said: "I had the feeling that the horse understood him, it was a symbiosis that I never saw again".
_	These kind of writings found in various parts of the book as well as other items of a similar kind does lend support to the feeling that Nagam Aiya was supportive of the English rulers in the neighbouring Madras Presidency.
_	When one picks up a Nonesuch CD, there is a sense of occasion, the feeling that the artists in question have been assembled not as an exercise in star power, but as an exercise in artistic exploration.
_	Bampton stated in a 1989 interview that, "Both of us got the feeling that we wouldn't be happy with the new regime."
_	Damon Knight, however, praised the novel for its "fast, lean plot, an air of excitement, . . . four characters who are comfortingly bigger than life [and] the feeling that adventures are waiting everywhere," concluding that "In "The Skylark", everything is big and simple."
_	Although Koller supported Göring against the Heer and the Kriegsmarine, he was one of Göring's harshest critics, writing that "one had the feeling that he [Göring] had no interest in bringing about an atmosphere of smooth cooperation, that he was almost afraid that this would lead to the establishment of a phalanx against himself.
_	I want my hearers to leave my concerts with the feeling that I have furnished them with esthetic [sic] delight and instilled harmony and beauty into their souls".
_	On 19 February 1945 the battle began, but quickly came the feeling that the 109th were doomed as air or naval relief would not be able to help.
_	Perceptive characters will get the feeling that they are being watched and followed.
_	The 23-year-old midfielder added in the equation players who admires like Kostas Katsouranis, Ieroklis Stoltidis and Claude Makélélé, while he had the feeling that he was unstoppable.
_	This leaves us with a sense of anomaly: we can only perceive the world through language, but we have the feeling that something is missing.
_	"We stood quietly and watched them pass, as one mourns a funeral train, but instead of sadness it gave us the feeling that life would get better."
_	It gives an individual the feeling that he is superior to others and therefore they are at a lower level than he is.
_	They remarked that the one flaw is that the frequent detours from the Nintendo story give the reader the feeling that the book is an overview of gaming history in general with an unbalanced focus on Nintendo.
_	The figures are facing the viewer, and even in narrative representations one has the feeling that individual characters no longer interact with each other, but are only directed at the viewer.
_	Widely theorized causes of intergroup anxiety are based on the feeling that interactions will have negative consequences.
_	This idea should be expressed clearly and should not get lost in details to help the listener to focus on it and understand the feeling that inspired it.
_	Midway into the movie, the feeling that you could walk out of the cinema hall and ask a friend to tell you what happened afterwards proved a realistic option.
_	He strongly believed that 'the American cinema was dying' and used the Rotterdam festival to show 'films about which we have the feeling that they cannot yet be shown in the normal cinema.'
_	While it is difficult to avoid the feeling that Agnes's sound has evolved zero percent since last time."
_	In the final year of his doctoral thesis at the University of Wisconsin, he had the feeling that his career field was too closed off from the world's problems, and he wanted to go a different way.
_	In "The National Catholic Reporter", Maureen Daly said "In the first few pages of The Myth of Persecution, I had the feeling that I had fallen into an argument already at full boil...Moss, scholar of the early church and martyrs, contends persecution was rare and the duration brief.
_	The album was recorded within three weeks of the band's signing, leaving them with the feeling that it had been rushed and under-funded.
_	Transition must begin with a personal decision to transition, prompted by the feeling that one's gender identity does not match the sex that one was assigned at birth.
_	I understood that it was not a local procedure but originated in the General Staff, and had the feeling that a direct approach to the army authorities would be of no avail, but would end in a cover-up."
_	Observing the miscegenation of whites with the indigenous Hawaiians during the few weeks his ship was at Hawaii, he later wrote in his memoirs, "I found them most wholesome companions, although I had the feeling that I must be careful not to fall in love.
_	They have become orderly, disciplined masters of chaos, but one still has the feeling that, out there on the road from nowhere to nowhere, they are rooting for it rather than against it."
_	It gave him the feeling that his suffering was not in vain.
_	This recollection will tend to produce the feeling that the remembered person is "coming".
_	The architects wanted the building to give Bloomington residents the feeling that the courthouse belonged to them.
_	One gets the feeling that Roedelius had envisioned the scenery of a park on a Sunday afternoon in Paris, or some kind of music from a traveling circus show, when the inspiration for this recording struck him."
_	Goldhagen says that Kahn used monumentality to strengthen the sense of community among those who used his buildings: the massiveness of a Kahn building instills the feeling that both the building and the institution it houses will last for a very long time.
_	Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" commented on Berri's exploration of human character, "the relentlessness of human greed, the feeling that the land is so important the human spirit can be sacrificed to it".
_	Throughout his voyage in 1895-6, Roberts kept a (subsequently published) diary of his experiences and observations, in which he made sure to "put all in" and "resist the feeling that things are unimportant for record".
_	In psychology, ownership is the feeling that something is yours.
_	After some close scrapes, Joe and Karen manage to sneak Connor away from Jamie, and Joe announces they're leaving the Chatsworth estate, although Karen is becoming increasingly unsettled at both the idea of a future with Joe and the feeling that Joe's decided what will happen without giving her a choice.
_	Most historians now believe that Eisenhower's nomination was primarily due to the feeling that he was a "sure winner" against the Democrats; most of the delegates were conservatives who would probably have supported Taft if they felt he could have won the general election.
_	I think our world is pretty shot to be honest with you, but that’s kind of the feeling that that song has.
_	Though she lives a good life, she cannot shake off the feeling that an important part of her identity seems to be missing.
_	However, the film ends with the feeling that they aren't going to let that fact stop their relationship.
_	She got the feeling that Mrs Allen was afraid of the man and Japp and Poirot suggest that Major Eustace was blackmailing her – an idea which meets with approval from Miss Plenderleith.
_	If my music can serve to encourage, and express the feeling that you’re not alone in your experiences - sometimes joyful and triumphant, but often times devastating, lonely, feeling lost, or just simply the lingering feeling of longing for more, then this music will have been worth writing.
_	He continued, "Rihanna gets a little introspective on What Now, and doesn’t resort to being overtly sexual or defiantly callous (more on that later), which gave me the feeling that she stripped away her armor for a moment and actually allowed herself to be 'real'."
_	In 1994, Cozier wrote of Brian Lara's record-breaking innings that "there was no real surprise among his countrymen, simply the feeling that his inevitable date with destiny had arrived rather more suddenly than expected."
_	"Pitchfork" reviewer Nick Neyland said, "This album has little in common with anything else around at the time, other than the feeling that you're hurtling relentlessly forward into a previously unmapped musical space...
_	Déjà vu (; ) is the feeling that one has lived through the present situation before.
_	Most of the characters live with the feeling that their lives could be turned upside down in an instant because of someone breaking into the data held on the network.
_	Susie Garrard of Renowned for Sound gave the album a favorite review saying "Though there was a great deal of charm to the untried, untested talent that hinted at a great deal more to come, Rhodes more than delivers on that promise with "Wishes..." you get the feeling that even now, Rhodes is still just beginning to touch the edges of his talent."
_	Justin clashes with his girlfriend, Loretta, who wants him to go back to college, but he refuses out of the feeling that a black man like him will not get anywhere in the world with any kind of education.
_	Sackville-West led Woolf to reappraise herself, developing a more positive self-image, and the feeling that her writings were the products of her strengths rather than her weakness.
_	This also made some in the community newly emboldened to speak up against segregation and for civil rights, with the feeling that they could afford to.
_	You get the feeling that if the tracks were about half as fast again it would add a bit more energy."
_	When we left that gathering everyone had the feeling that something very important had happened, and was happening all over the world".
_	Tip of the tongue (or TOT) is the phenomenon of failing to retrieve a word from memory, combined with partial recall and the feeling that retrieval is imminent.
_	However, there is also a world in which both versions of the painting exist – in Manchester Art Gallery and on Faber's dust jacket – and readers of the novel who are, in effect, 'watching the watchers' may be left with the feeling that perhaps they too are being watched in other parallel universes.
_	Les Chappell from The A.V. Club gave the episode an "A-" rating and wrote, "'The End' is a series finale that definitely has that mood of a last go-around to it, the feeling that there's nothing to be gained by holding back.
_	Many modern performers now play pieces by following a score in a standard way rather than in the changeable reflective individual way of tradition, this can at times lead to the feeling that a performance has been rushed.
_	In contrast to the despondency of the Indians, the Germans appeared to have the feeling that they were up against an inferior side.
_	I couldn't shake the feeling that I was a virgin being led to the volcano to be sacrificed.
_	“Trying to consume, the drug in me is you and I’m so high on misery can’t you see,” evokes the feeling that you are your own drug, the creator of your misery and if you need to point fingers at someone try looking in the mirror first.
_	Pain-related activity in the thalamus spreads to the insular cortex (thought to embody, among other things, the feeling that distinguishes pain from other homeostatic emotions such as itch and nausea) and anterior cingulate cortex (thought to embody, among other things, the affective/motivational element, the unpleasantness of pain).
_	"I always had the feeling that there were so few of us, and the work so vast.
_	The "sinister" atmosphere of the episode is meant to evoke the feeling that a person has when they "can't quite manage to leave the flat" and they "can't be bothered to tidy up".
_	As Joe falls unconscious, he cannot shake the feeling that he has seen Dr. Metze before.
_	She cannot shake the feeling that all is not well on the Vampirate ship she has left behind.
_	One gets the feeling that Harold Budd was after something slightly different from Eno, as his playing seems a bit busy under the concept at hand.
_	I just have the feeling that the media 'machine' favours the families and not us, so we need to be a bit more innovative in our response to have a fighting chance otherwise we will just be roadkill."
_	Few motorists of experience care to drive at high speed habitually but the feeling that the car has a big reserve of power which may at any time be loosed, and the ability to indulge, on open stretches of road, in bursts of exhilarating speed, to flatten out hills almost as though they were level ground are pleasures which few can fail to appreciate once the charm has cast its spell."
_	Berkhout resigned as chair after having the feeling that the independence of the commission was hindered by the Ministry, and having to wait for approval of a measurement plan for over half a year.
_	Further background to this is the feeling that the federal government has repeatedly acted in bad faith with Aboriginal people's interests, and have violated treaties when it suited them.
_	We want the feeling that fans will be in the show with me.
_	“An empty space… a mere shadow, we are overcome with the feeling that in this small corner of the atmosphere there reigns complete and utter silence; that here in the darkness immutable tranquillity holds sway” (p. 33).
_	Craig argues that the feeling that overcomes us when we get a bad grade on a test is the same biological response as the skateboarder who fell, i.e., don't do it again, this hurts!
_	Neither can fight the feeling that their meeting meant so much more than met the eye (“So viel mehr / Something More.”)
_	This means that if you do not have enough of one of those four needs, you will have the feeling that you need to get it.
_	Ben Goertzel, the chief scientist for the company that made Sophia, acknowledges that it is "not ideal" that some think of Sophia as having human-equivalent intelligence, but argues Sophia's presentation conveys something unique to audiences: "If I show them a beautiful smiling robot face, then they get the feeling that 'AGI' (artificial general intelligence) may indeed be nearby and viable...
_	He never dramatizes himself, but somehow with him seems to get the feeling that here is a nice, honest fellow with a good head on his shoulders.
_	Nathan Fisher looks at them with the feeling that he doesn't belong in their company.
_	I have the feeling that a lot of Chris's dad's issues stem from the fact that his son is gay and I hope the show will delve into those unresoved issues."
_	"At certain times, such as after high winds and tides,the sands on the beach are shaped into beautiful abstract formations,the lack of scale giving the feeling that they could be pictures of the Earth from space, or of other planets.
_	Farley wrote, "One gets the feeling that the band [...] charged ahead on gut instincts; the sheer scope of the album (28 songs) didn't allow for second-guessing or contrivance."
_	As his first wife, actress and dancer Betsy Blair explained: "A sailor suit or his white socks and loafers, or the T-shirts on his muscular torso, gave everyone the feeling that he was a regular guy, and perhaps they too could express love and joy by dancing in the street or stomping through puddles...he democratized the dance in movies."
_	Kripke accepts the necessity of identity but agrees with the feeling that it still seems that it is possible that Phospherus (the Morning Star) is not identical to Hespherus (the Evening Star).
_	Finally, and perhaps most important, many Somalis were enervated by the feeling that political incumbents, through electoral manipulations, were squandering the nation's economic resources for their private benefit.
_	Lennon refused to talk to Walley for months afterwards, which left Walley with the feeling that Lennon held him responsible.
_	"I had the feeling that I was going back home.
_	Troubled by the feeling that they had become knickknacks, Neely stopped selling the Guardian angels for 6 months in 2008, and instead went back to giving them away, sometimes hiding them in various locations in the city of Spartanburg for people to find.
_	After 2000, a series of rapid learning tools were proposed on the market and became popular because of their simplicity and the feeling that anyone could build an e-learning course from a simple PowerPoint presentation.
_	According to Elkind, the notion of imaginary audience helps to explain why adolescents usually seek privacy and feel reluctant to reveal themselves – it is a reaction to the feeling that one is constantly under the critical scrutiny of others.
_	Back in the present, Chris is unable to get over the feeling that he has surrendered his youth and ideals to a life he once swore he would never lead.
_	We want to know the feeling that you’re going for, but after that we go our own way.”
_	People who lose the feeling that they can plan alternative behaviors and execute their choice of possible behaviors tend to become fatalistic and stop struggling for survival.
_	Another perceived deficiency in the book is the lack of details about Transcendental Meditation and how it’s practiced, creating a “tantalizing but unsatisfying” effect and the feeling that the reader is “on the outside looking in.”
_	Baradwaj Rangan wrote, ""Love Sex Aur Dhokha" is nothing if not off-the-charts ambitious—and yet, I couldn’t shake off the feeling that Banerjee has pulled off a successful experiment rather than a satisfying experience".
_	The aim was to convey an impression that the passengers were in a floating hotel rather than a ship; as one passenger recalled, on entering the ship's interior a passenger would "at once lose the feeling that we are on board ship, and seem instead to be entering the hall of some great house on shore".
_	In this phase, therianthropes in rock painting can be explained as heightened sensory awareness that gives one the feeling that they have undergone a physical transformation.
_	Weil writes that though uprootedness is not as far advanced in the countryside as in towns, the needs of the peasants should receive equal attention to the need of industrial workers: firstly because it is contrary to nature for the land to be worked by uprooted individuals and secondly as one of the causes of the peasant's distress is the feeling that progressive movements ignore them in favour of industrial wokers.
_	She has found the real answer to the feeling that there must be more to life than eating leaves, and who caterpillars really are.
_	A post mortem revealed that his heart stopped before the crash, which led to the feeling that his heart stopping was the result of his crash in 1933.
_	These problems included the feeling that religious radio stations had ""...emerged as a new weapon with which one religious group could bludgeon another..."", and that U.S. stations unfairly dominated the airwaves despite an agreements to reserve some frequencies exclusively for Canadian stations.
_	Sify.com gave the verdict as "average" and commented, ""Kunjananthante Kada" has its moments that need to be appreciated for sure, but you get the feeling that the viewers have been taken for granted by the makers here.
_	Worm's-eye view is a shot that is looking up from the ground, and is meant to give the viewer the feeling that they are looking up at the character from way below and it is meant to show the view that a child or a pet would have.
_	You get the feeling that Jeanne Duprau's book got into this stuff, while the movie never seems to have the time"-
_	Several Devils players were upset over the feeling that Stevens was being forced upon the team; some players, including Ken Daneyko, wanted more money, while other players wanted general manager Lou Lamoriello to trade Stevens.
_	At some point he gets the feeling that they're not alone.
_	However the name change was unpopular with the club officials and their loyal fans, with the feeling that the club had lost its Assyrian identity and roots, the main reason for the clubs foundation in the mid-Fifties.
_	He believed that the core of nationality is the awareness of belonging and the feeling that such awareness generates.
_	I have no idea if the fame and popularity of the band would have been the same without the Milicos (military regime) but I have the feeling that no, it wouldn't have.
_	And also the feeling that I really deserved something better than what I had accomplished up to that point.
_	You always had the feeling that he was some sort of a street corner shell game operator keeping an eye open for the cops."
_	Another way to belong to a political community, other than on legal grounds is to have the feeling that one belongs and is connected with it.
_	Often Buck and his teammates escape more by luck than by their own cunning and the feeling that they "could" have died lingers deep through the following pages.
_	You get the feeling that people's eyes are just burning a hole through you."
_	Strangely, one is left with the feeling that the knight was shocked to have been taken seriously.
_	One is left with the feeling that the budget should have been used on acting school for the players and training for the director rather than on helicopter and fancy car hire."
_	Underlying this attitude was the feeling that the Diaspora restricted the full growth of Jewish national life.
_	Meanwhile, in the intellectual circles and among the scientific establishment, there had long been the feeling that the Republic was ill at-ease with the possibilities of the "New Science", and a movement had begun to sequester and conceal as many of the Vanu artifacts as could be feasibly obtained without overt notice.
_	Over the course of listening to it, he queried if more music of the sort was needed, and concluded that "the feeling that the world is going to answer your query in the affirmative swiftly overwhelms you."
_	Aside from fighting corruption, as seen in Kenya, research has shown that as mobile phone penetration in a community increases, the feeling that society is wholly corrupt decreases.
_	Ric Spencer writes of Wolderdorp's work, "I think he understands the need for us to belong in this landscape, but equally the feeling that we don't."
_	Janet loved it—just the feeling that she got when she heard it is the feeling she wanted the fans to have.
_	Key to the university's decision was the feeling that continued affiliation with the conference was incompatible with the goal to "keep intercollegiate athletics properly subordinated to the academic function" and they would "seek to develop competition in all sports with institutions similar in purpose, size, resources and academic standing."
_	I had the feeling that I'm thrown into the bottom of a pit, a rain of objects sliding around my body...
_	Damage in the TPJ has been linked to out-of-body experiences (OBEs), the feeling that one’s self is located outside one’s physical body.
_	You come away with the feeling that you've seen virtually everything there is to see in grand-prix racing, except the real guys who drive those killer cars."
_	The cause was the feeling that African Americans were being disenfranchised.
_	For some time, Gabrielle has had the feeling that Isaure is back.
_	Nevertheless, many lives were saved, and it gave hope and the feeling that the war would soon be over.
_	I would so like the feeling that we generate on the air to reflect the reality of death in life: most of the time it is a very quiet, private affair, generates little public attention: we grieve, and then somehow or other we just have to get on with things.
_	A witness at the Nuremberg Trials, she said later that “by telling of the sufferings of those who could not speak any more, I had the feeling that, through my voice, those who they had tortured and exterminated accused their torturers.”
_	Don't be surprised if you get the feeling that you are part of the story.
_	He was destined by his family for the pulpit, but was diverted from taking orders by doubts as to faith and vocation, and by the feeling that the church was rather 'a tomb for the preservation of embalmed doctrines' than a living organism.
_	I don't have the feeling that we have been so dirty."
_	The primary objective of greenwashing is to provide consumers with the feeling that the organization is taking the necessary steps to responsibly manage its ecological footprint.
_	Other individuals with OCD may experience the sensation of invisible protrusions emanating from their bodies, or have the feeling that inanimate objects are ensouled.
_	This view was shared by Mark Bego, author of "Madonna: Blonde Ambition", who said that "Madonna and her girls go into a very girlish mode, but they give the feeling that they are in charge, be it playing with the mermen, or teasing them."
_	Gender performances may not necessarily be intentional and people may not even be aware of the extent to which they are performing gender, as one outcome of lifelong gender socialization is the feeling that one's gender is "natural" or biologically-ordained.
_	New York Times critic Robert Shattuck described the 1977 National Tribute to Alexander Calder performance, “I have always gone away with the feeling that "Socrate" creates a large space that it does not itself completely fill…
_	"There were not that many people writing in 1965, so you had the feeling that you had to create something.
_	Mnkandla stated that Shamuyarira's comments showed he is "not only suffering from 1880s hangover – the feeling that the Ndebele also did the same to the Shonas – it also shows that Shamuyarira is now old and should retire."
_	I thank you from my heart for your openness with me & I should dread the feeling that you were concealing your opinions from the fear of giving me pain."
_	Though he returns from time to time to rule, he once mentions that he gets the feeling that the people of his country get along just fine even if he is not there.
_	Naturally occurring bitumen is chemically more similar to asphalt than to coal tar, and the term "oil sands" (or oilsands) is more commonly used by industry in the producing areas than "tar sands" because synthetic oil is manufactured from the bitumen, and due to the feeling that the terminology of "tar sands" is less politically acceptable to the public.
_	Through looking at the fact that the characters of the art community think about where there art will end up after their death gives the feeling that perhaps while alive they were thinking of the same thing, that to an extent the art could preserve them.
_	He said that there were loyalty issues of publicly supporting a government while knowing that a coup was underway, but that it was "greatly offset by the feeling that we had been had by these people".
_	Rebuilding the affected section of the freeway took nearly a decade, due to environmental impact concerns, the feeling that the freeway divided the neighborhood, design considerations and most importantly a huge outcry from the West Oakland community demanding that the freeway find a new route - not in West Oakland.
_	Most of the film is handheld, because we want to create the feeling that the camera is present with the actors, moving, reacting and breathing with them.
_	1UP.com's Matt Clark commended the water based gameplay, stating "the feeling that you're likely to drown at any moment, is present throughout the game's seven hours" "Edge" magazine also praised the credibility of the water's movement, as did IGN's Daemon Hatfield, who called it "impressive".
_	We always had the feeling that they were on our side.
_	It is the kind of film which consumes the viewer and gives him the feeling that he was part of the fight against corruption!
_	"When I was at the sales I realised that it would be easier to buy horses and race them, but I got the feeling that this was not enough, that it would be more fun to do what people like the Aga Khan and Lord Howard de Walden did and build up your own families."
_	In an attempt to defuse the situation, Kirby attempted to buy Schiff out of the contract, reiterating the feeling that Schiff was only due a onetime payment rather than an ongoing percentage of the royalties.
_	L. Sprague de Camp in his introduction to the book called the author "one of the brightest of the rising generation of fantasists," and its contents "dreamy — often nightmarish — narratives ... mood pieces, the mood of which the author achieves with deceptive ease," reminiscent of the works of "Lord Dunsany, James Branch Cabell, Michael Moorcock, and perhaps George MacDonald" that leave the reader "with the feeling that he has undergone a strange and haunting experience."
_	Steele told "The Root" in a 2013 interview that white female performers who appear in interracial pornography may conceal their careers due to social pressure from their intimates, arguing "It's just an element of American culture that still exists, and that is the feeling that a white female will be deflowered or soiled, if you will, by doing a scene with a black male".
_	The title comes from an anecdote composer Erik Enocksson once told the director, where he while travelling on a packed bus suddenly got the feeling that all people around him were apes.
_	But, in another members opinion, "If one of the prime duties of the Christian community is to point out that almost all vocations can be 'Christian,' then surely the SVM is in a sense defeating the purpose of the Church by creating the feeling that service under a mission board is necessarily more important in the world mission than other vocations."
_	In the 15th and 16th centuries the continuing enthusiasm for the ancients was reinforced by the feeling that the inherited culture was dissolving and here was a storehouse of ideas and attitudes with which to rebuild.
_	He remarked that "the room had exactly the feeling that I wanted ... it gives the visitor the feeling of being caught in a room with the doors and windows walled-in shut."
_	I also have the feeling that my dear headmaster has not yet seen the film.
_	We implore you, for the love of your continent, for the feeling that you have towards your people and especially for the affinity and love that you have for your children whom you love for a lifetime.
_	Writing for "The A.V. Club", Zack Handlen rated the episode a B. Handlen felt that the "black-and-white morality" of "Weeds", and "Millennium" as a series, was a negative factor, adding "as always with "Millennium", there's the feeling that the only life worth living is one entirely free from sin, and I can't say that I buy that".
_	In fact, it is instability, not simply the injury to the anterior cruciate ligament itself, that places the menisci at future risk, and gives rise to the feeling that the "knee is not secure" or "may give out".
_	It is speculated that the reasoning behind the unidentified names is to give the player the feeling that it is them fighting through the missions.
_	Clark continued that the Court was of the feeling that no matter the religious nature of the citizenry, the government at all levels, as required by the Constitution, must remain neutral in matters of religion "while protecting all, prefer[ring] none, and disparag[ing] none."
_	As for Sam Jones, he is in splendid form on all tracks, perhaps inspired by the feeling that he has managed to gather about him a cracking good band."
_	Regardless of the feeling that he was somehow experiencing a divine communication, Dick was never fully able to rationalize the events.
_	Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" criticised the lack of humour in the protagonist, however, while Jay Scott of "The Globe and Mail" wrote of Dalton's Bond that "you get the feeling that on his off nights, he might curl up with the "Reader's Digest" and catch an episode of "Moonlighting"".
_	A 2009 study exploring the dynamics of virtual teams showed that the use of richer media in virtual work environments decreased perceived social loafing, or the feeling that a group member's individual contributions are not noticed or valued.
_	Swinging brass, jump-start rhythms, and angular solos carry the joyous suite to its impossible ending -- in the quiet of the evening with only the feeling that something new is possible for the first time in a long, long while".
_	There are elements of magical realism, and the feeling that the boundary between real life and the supernatural is not very thick.
_	Maryam struggles with the feeling that she doesn’t belong in America even though she’s been there for many years.
_	Wandering around in the darkness, an amnesiac (Walter Abel) has the feeling that he's murdered someone.
_	The reader is left with the feeling that a narrowness lies within the "her" of the poem.
_	And yet, throughout, there is the feeling that if somehow you could only reach in and talk to this girl, you could save her life.
_	I mean, if I get the feeling that if a man stood on those sands, I think he would sink into them (laughs).
_	Nicotine marketing makes extensive use of reactance, the feeling that one is being unreasonably controlled.
_	Will Hodgkinson of "The Times" commented that "[y]ou can't get away from the feeling that [Lott] is imitating a soul singer rather than actually being one", adding that "while you can see the record company-led logic of Lott moving away from pure pop and heading towards classic soul, it's a misguided and unconvincing new look."
_	Gay travel destinations are popular among practitioners of gay tourism because they usually have permissive or liberal attitudes towards gays, feature a prominent gay infrastructure (bars, businesses, restaurants, hotels, nightlife, entertainment, media, organisations, etc.), the opportunity to socialize with other gays, and the feeling that one can relax safely among other gay people.
_	He wrote, of this experience, "I left with the feeling that, rather than rolling the rock away from the Tomb, they were piling more on.
_	"The big thing I think that's really happening now in Nashville is the feeling that it's really better to do it yourself or do it independently unless you really have a sweetheart deal", Henry said.
_	With this in mind, many of the album's lyrics seem to convey a tone of finality; the feeling that this is a band's last stand.
_	At some point he gets the feeling that they're not alone.
_	Post mortem examinations apparently helped to ease the consciences of many of those involved, giving them the feeling that there was a genuine medical purpose to the killings.
_	The editor of "Who Do You Think You Are" magazine wrote: "Nothing annoyed people more than the feeling that they weren’t being listened to".
_	You get the feeling that no producer had to coach him to be country", while also praising Combs's songwriting.
_	Fraser McAlpine writing for BBC Music praised the song's composition yet criticized its lyrics for "[not] escaping the feeling that she's only getting up in our collective grill once again with the sexy and the [atti]'tude".
_	The wildfire part describes the feeling that Gray has regarding that each song has its "own thing", and how it has buried melodies layered throughout, as well as how the inspiration for writing these songs have been pulled from a myriad of influences.
_	" ...following last week's contest, the board was displeased and was of the feeling that neither of the teams executed the tasks with the diligence it deserved.
_	George Worth, in 1972, focuses on the winding plots and gaps that Ainsworth leaves behind as he says, "Despite the basic unity of the novel, then, we have the feeling that Ainsworth allows himself to stray too often from the main, broad track of his narrative and to abandon his reader at the end of little trails that lead nowhere."
_	The picture teases the viewer who is given the feeling that he is in a dark room being viewed by the main subject of the painting who is a man that peeks through a hole in the door.
_	Ryan got the feeling that something was in his bedroom when the light was off.
_	One can't escape the feeling that Hunting High and Low is a product of the 1980s, but with highs like 'Take On Me' and 'The Sun Always Shines on TV,' and no lows in sight, A-ha's debut is a treat worth relishing."
_	Suddenly I had the feeling that something was coming up behind me.
_	He later wrote: "[she] imbued me with the feeling that I had some sort of talent".
_	"Sounds" criticized the album as being somewhat nondescript, but praised it for having "a lot of good natured foot-tapping music" and concluded "I certainly find it infinitely preferably to Black Sabbath, and I have the feeling that Budgie might develop into something a lot more interesting."
_	This was coupled with the feeling that the era that saw the invention of automobiles, the telephone, electric lighting, and world war needed new modes of expression.
_	Rather, Suliman had the feeling that he was no longer being allowed to work as an independent journalist.
_	“ We had the feeling that the prisoners would rebel in any moment because the living situation was unbearable.”
_	In "Amazing Spider-Man" #795, when Loki offers Spider-Man the chance to bring back his deceased loved ones, Spider-Man argues, "Yeah, well, I can't shake the feeling that at some point I said yes to an offer like this from someone like you.
_	As he reminisced in an interview, "On this production, too, I had the feeling that the ice had yet to be broken.
_	You got the feeling that there was something glorious about it."
_	The film has its moments, but gives the feeling that it could have worked even better, if it had a better script and was approached with more passion."
_	When Hausner produced evidence that Eichmann had stated in 1945 that "I will leap into my grave laughing because the feeling that I have five million human beings on my conscience is for me a source of extraordinary satisfaction", Eichmann said he meant "enemies of the Reich" such as the Soviets.
_	According to Rui Dias' match analysis in "Record", the team strong first half " .. left the feeling that two goals were not enough in such a display of power ... ", allowing them to manage the game in the second half, ensuring a 2–0 win and reducing the distance to Porto to 10 points.
_	Just when you get the feeling that OUAT can do little else but beat a dead horse forever (Hades’ blue hair!
_	And while it brushes over some of the recent developments to get us where we need to be, it also doesn't forget the more important developments and retains the feeling that we're still heading to some form of conclusion."
_	Rieley went out into the studio and he pleaded that Brian just wasn't getting the feeling that he intended with the lyric.
_	Above all, they value being able to have a normal conversation with someone and the feeling that someone cares.
_	Underlying all his work was the feeling that the removal of obstacles to communications between different parts of the world would lead to better knowledge and better feeling between nations.
_	In looking at Nazi architecture, art, or painting one quickly gains the feeling that the faces, shapes, and colors all serve a propagandistic purpose; they are all the same stylized statements of Nazi virtues—power, strength, solidity, Nordic beauty."
_	In the extensive sleeve notes she provided for the reissue, Willcox explains the gestation of the album, particularly the scrutiny her recent marriage to Robert Fripp was under in the press, and the feeling that by the release of "Desire", she had become, in her own words, "staid and predictable".
_	To avoid the feeling that the player's money is simply ebbing away (whereas a payout of 100 credits on a single line machine would be 100 bets, and the player would feel they had made a substantial win, on a 20 line machine, it would only be 5 bets and would not seem significant), manufacturers commonly offer bonus games, which can return many times their bet.
_	Hugh's position as the head of a mendicant order was apparently not against the reform as such, but derived from the feeling that the mendicants' position would then be threatened.
_	However, Ben has the feeling that most of the time his children seem to speak a different language.
_	It concluded by stating: "there were a couple weak actors here and there, the story doesn’t strike you as ‘great’ from the beginning but it picks up pace, there are a lot of moments in this movie that are very endearing, you get the feeling that something’s missing in the movie but overall "Maami" was a simple delight to watch".
_	In the end, Fort's work gave him "the feeling that no matter how honest scientists "think" they are, they are still influenced by various "unconscious" assumptions that prevent them from attaining true objectivity.
_	You get the feeling that people's eyes are just burining a hole through you."
_	The review concluded that the album had "good playing and better vibes" but criticized the producer by declaring that "there is the feeling that somebody was asleep at the wheel".
_	His sojourn at Kalyana gave a new orientation to his life, living as he now did among numerous Sharanas in Basavanna’s Anubhava Mantapa, and the feeling that he was God made way for a spirit of utter submission to God.
_	Perhaps the most significant subjective differences between dissociatives and the classical hallucinogens (such as LSD and mescaline) are the dissociative effects, including: depersonalization, the feeling of being unreal, disconnected from one's self, or unable to control one's actions; and derealization, the feeling that the outside world is unreal or that one is dreaming.
_	The rest of the staff arrive on the feeling that something bad may happen, all of them helping recall the story of the Buick's origin at their station, and manage to pull Ned and Sandy free, but not before Sandy glimpses into the world on the other side of the Buick.
_	A year before his death, in a letter to Sulpiz Boisserée, Goethe wrote that he had the feeling that all his life he had been aspiring to qualify as one of the Hypsistarians, an ancient Jewish-pagan sect of the Black Sea region who, in his understanding, sought to reverence, as being close to the Godhead, what came to their knowledge of the best and most perfect.
_	That was what I always intended, but as I continued to draw him,I got the feeling that he was growing really superficial."
_	Another song, "Meadows of Heaven" is a depiction of Holopainen's childhood and the feeling that it'll never return.
_	The film ends on the note that 'the journey is the destination', which about sums up the feeling that you get while watching this film".
_	The lack thereof results typically in violence and is a side effect of having low political efficacy, and therefore the feeling that a citizen is powerless in their own country.
_	Ed Hogan of AllMusic said the song's "dominant, looping rhythm echoes the tick-tock of a clock, which gives the down-tempo track a melancholy late-night vibe, emphasizing the feeling that the singer is giving his all in a one last chance to get the direct attention of the object of his affectations."
_	"sense of privilege": is the feeling that one is entitled to commit violence.
_	Evidence that the two men had struggled before their deaths as well as the questionable matter that two experienced bushworkers had drowned in shallow water added to the feeling that foul play was involved.
_	Laura is overwhelmed with the feeling that this person is her grandfather so she throws herself to her knees in front of him and begs him to acknowledge their relation.
_	"Behindwoods.com" praised Jayam Ravi's versatile acting, and felt that they saw a dubbed movie, due to an overdose of Hindi dialogues, which were dubbed into Tamil: "Tamil dialogues have been superimposed over the existing track and despite the disclaimer before the movie starts and before the interval, we get the feeling that we are seeing a dubbed movie."
_	At the workshop that launched this program, Falle said that some people in the sex industry engage in survival sextrading sex for food, a place to sleep, alcohol, drugs, or the feeling that they are loved.
_	Partly, this was, no doubt, because I could run a rising program with practically no interference; partly it was the feeling that a second chance in education for people passed by in the normal run of school and college is one of the finest aspects of American education; and partly it was the chance to establish and maintain friendly relations thorough our programs with black people in Boston, who would otherwise have not have had any contact with Harvard."
_	You get the feeling that on his off nights, he might curl up with the Reader's Digest and catch an episode of Moonlighting – he'd try to memorize the jokes – before nodding off under the influence of Ovaltine.
_	Frazier disregarded the request and performed the sitdown splash on Nash's lower back anyway, which caused his spine to compress and his core muscles to stretch out and left Nash with a badly strained abdomen that affected his performance the rest of the match, along with the feeling that he had suffered some sort of permanent damage to his spine.
_	In 1930, George remembered: "Imagine the feeling that crept over me when I realized that here for the first time a skeleton of a dinosaur had been discovered wrapped in its skin.
_	The most common experience during tachypsychia is the feeling that time has either increased or slowed down, brought on by the increased brain activity caused by epinephrine, or the severe decrease in brain activity caused by the "catecholamine washout" occurring after the event.
_	Set in Tokyo during the 1980s, it tells the story of an old Catholic writer struggling with old age and the feeling that he yet has to write his "magnum opus".
_	It's the story that gives this game the feeling that it's an adventure, like "Indiana Jones" or even "Max Payne".
_	And even through, Cécile stays on his side, Robin soon gets the feeling that he isn't good enough for Cécile.
_	Scott Von Doviak of The A.V. Club' gave the episode a "B-" grade, concluding about Carrie's arc "What follows is suspenseful enough as far as it goes, mainly because director Lesli Linka Glatter is a pro... but it’s hard to shake off the feeling that it’s all completely unnecessary".
_	He was invited to write a short story for the Gakushūin literary magazine and submitted , a story in which the narrator describes the feeling that his ancestors somehow still live within him.
_	Ardai cited the completely optional and disconnected minigames as "contribut[ing] to the feeling that "Sam & Max" is more a computerized busybox ... than a unified, focused piece of fiction".
_	It was also revealed that the character would be involved in a storyline highlighting the issue of gender dysphoria, which is defined as the feeling that one was born into the wrong gender.
_	Jack Broder wouldn't hire the guy that we originally had meetings with, a guy who could have done a marvelous job...I wanted the [monster] trees to look like the other trees, so that there wouldn't be the feeling that they stood out like sore thumbs, which is what those stupid things did.
_	Whether or not this was truly the case, the feeling that it was influenced artistic decisions and to some extent took the wind out of Street Arts' sails.
_	This trend was fueled not by a belief that the struggle was not worthwhile, but by mounting casualty figures, rising taxes, and the feeling that there was no end to the war in sight.
_	Scarponi, as well as John Gadret, the rider elevated onto the podium now in third place overall, both expressed sympathy for Contador and the feeling that being awarded these prestigious results in a court of law nearly a year after the race concluded kept them from feeling as good as they would were they attained on the road.
_	The artist creates the feeling that the body of a winged demon is flying, falling towards the Earth's sphere, while it is relying on a garment that has been crushed.
_	Shortness of breath, also known as dyspnea, is the feeling that one cannot breathe well enough.
_	She also stated, "I get the feeling that Mitt Romney has not been in too many Wawas along the roadside of Pennsylvania."
_	In an interview with Game Informer, Mikami explained his decision to shift to a new gameplay system is due to the feeling that the older system is "more of the same" after playing "Resident Evil 0".
_	Or so it seems at first sight, but the reader gets the feeling that Faustina is more interested in getting to know and impressing other young women.
_	This give users the feeling that they are interacting in the actual 3D world.
_	His encounter with the German soldier leaves him tormented by the feeling that he should have been the one who died, and his few minutes in the morning room plus a glass of champagne leave him giddy and unable to continue to hold himself upright, so Richard helps him up the stairs and back to bed.
_	Schöning remembered it thus: Suddenly I had the feeling that my leg was being torn off.
_	The "time bind" refers to the lack of time parents had to themselves, the feeling that they were always running late and the thought that they were confined to the limited hours of the day.
_	Rosen signed off from the Laureateship with an article in "The Guardian", in which he said: "Sometimes when I sit with children when they have the space to talk and write about things, I have the feeling that I am privileged to be the kind of person who is asked to be part of it".
_	He struggled throughout his life with the feeling that a kind and compassionate
_	He considered it "a book that everyone should read" and a piece of social history that left one "with the feeling that a considerable novelist was lost in this young working-man whom society could not bother to keep alive."
_	For South Australia, the rivalry stemmed from dislike, and the feeling that Victoria don't give them the credit they derserve.
_	Both have the feeling that it is inconsistent with the common sense of mankind, which will insist that the very object perceived is the sole reality.
_	I never have the feeling that I have got to make the best of things; everything is fine just as it is.
_	The game design goal in relation to the initial set of tests was that of achieving the feeling that the game was non-threatening and manageable at the most basic level of difficulty, hence likely resulting in an initially pleasant and positive experience for the casual audience the development team was designing for.
_	In a letter to Sophie Elkan, Selma Lagerlöf wrote that in the evening, when she was alone in her room working on the novel, she sometimes had the feeling that only a thin curtain separated her from the other world.
_	"Despite the unfathomable choices, random LP tracks, peculiar chronology ('64 through to '69, then back to '63/'64 again) and the feeling that the real stormers are elsewhere (on 'Vol 1', that is), it's an irresistible listen," wrote "Select"'s Andrew Perry of the 1990 CD release, concluding, "A weird arrangement of quality goods."
_	In 1948, Cardinal Griffin referred to 'this time of crisis' for the School The language used is illuminating and one cannot avoid the feeling that while many of the difficulties experienced were undoubtedly great, many others proved to be imaginary.
_	For Sarason, psychological sense of community is "the perception of similarity to others, an acknowledged interdependence with others, a willingness to maintain this interdependence by giving to or doing for others what one expects from them, and the feeling that one is part of a larger dependable and stable structure" (1974, p. 157).
_	The reader is left with the feeling that the author believes that interracial marriage is not good.-- notes by RD
_	Similarly to Asia Quest, Islands of Southeast Asia attempts to be more immersive, melding the exhibits and scenery to create the feeling that the visitor is walking through one continuous exhibit.
_	Sleep paralysis, for example, can produce the feeling that one is paralyzed or has difficulty moving.
_	"There is no agony so poignant as the feeling that one has the spark of genius with no opportunity to satisfy that ambition that goes with it.
_	He also spent time analyzing "The Battle of Algiers" and "Z", which, according to the director, had the feeling that the footage was "caught" and not staged.
_	When Sara sings about things "in the dark", you get the feeling that, for much of their young, female audience anyway, they can serve as a beacon."
_	And we start with the feeling that we are at the beginning of a new epoch, vigorous, broad, and promising from this paper is bound to make the college better known to the world and more loved by its friends."
_	In a 2011 review of the album's deluxe edition, Mike Powell of "Pitchfork" wrote: "If Radiohead captured a feeling of pre-millenial tension, "The Sophtware Slump" captured the feeling of disappointment that came afterward — the feeling that life was going to be more or less the same as it had been, only now we'd have to live with the fact that we once thought it'd be so different: the feeling of January 2, 2000."
_	I'm longing for old Philine...have to see her [Eulenburg; his gay friends always used the terms "her" and "she" to describe him] because of the feeling that now this gap [Dörnberg's death] has opened up in our beloved circle, we must hold on to each other doubly, more firmly...
_	As Dawn and I presented our case to this forum of five powerful women, I couldn't shake the feeling that we were arranging a marriage contract of some sort.
_	“Transgender is the umbrella term for the feeling that one’s interior, mind/body experience of gender does not readily conform to the cultural assumptions assigned to their biological sex.”
_	The origin of the company name is explained, "the name 'Wings of Freedom' is derived from the feeling that every pilot has experienced when he or she has taken to the air.
_	Jared Johnson, of AllMusic, gave the album 3.5 out of 5 stars and wrote "You get the feeling that the man with the most Dove Awards in the history of the Gospel Music Association could write this stuff in his sleep.
_	But I can't shake the feeling that we missed a good opportunity".
_	One of the battle's major German generals, Hasso von Manteuffel sums this up as due to the "...Maginot spirit and the long Phony War, so they have the feeling that there will be no more war."
_	Sify said "Ezhu Sundara Rathrikal gives you the feeling that there is a basic storyline here, which could have been fine as a feel good entertainer, if it was made well.
_	Gartner for using "some outside help to compliment his beats", writing that "even on the solo stuff you can't help but get the feeling that he may just be operating on auto-pilot, cruising along completely assured of his imminent success" and that album found itself "doing a rather excellent impression of being adequate; adequate, but by no means great" but that "Wolfgang still needs to be commended for producing a rather solid, if slightly tainted, house release that will see him reach a level of success that he does rightly deserve".
_	Its affiliation scheme, regional steering groups and practitioner-led training programmes all contributed to the feeling that a country-wide schools network was now established.
_	This, in turn, gives people the feeling that their lives have meaning, a purpose, and are significant in the grand scheme of things.
_	On May 1, 1946, the president of the company wrote "We have accomplished our tasks and may forget the hardships and headaches in connection with it and enjoy the feeling that it has been a job well done.
_	Several other songs on the album lead into the next song to create the feeling that the same song is still playing.
_	"This book about Zen...awakened in me the feeling that Japan was holding sth.
_	Zartman further states "we wanted to capture the feeling that you get watching large groups of people clashing on the open field.
_	It portrays the true picture of his emotional love, the feeling that dominates the heart.
_	During the Morning Meditation in the chapel of Santa Marta, the Pope noted that oftentimes, we have the feeling that “I should do this, this is not right, be careful.”
_	According to some commentators, the real reason beards have been prohibited is the feeling that they "are unseemly and make service members appear sloppy."
_	And I hope my friend will not regard it as a calamity if the son of a Presbyterian or Methodist, after his intercourse with the child of a Jew, Catholic, or unbeliever, should turn to the Scriptures with the feeling that the truth is broader than the leaves of any book…"(Brumberg,2003)
_	He said he "began to develop the feeling that I did not have to be so totally dependent on other people" and "still wanted to feel that I was a capable and lovable person."
_	More and more, I have the feeling that quantum theory and general relativity are both deeply wrong about the nature of time.
_	But it's difficult to ignore the feeling that they are capable of more."
_	Bones sends out Razor (her lieutenant) to interrogate Varjak because she got the feeling that he had something to do with the Vanishings.
_	"Our goal was to give people the feeling that you can do anything," said Jonnie Penn.
_	In about signing her name on Dong-hee, and how that gave her the feeling that he belongs to her.
_	I got the feeling that maybe there was no other band they'd ever go out for again in that assemblage, and it made me take that audience fairly seriously."
_	Lurie's response after reading Merrill and Jackson's collaborative effort in "The Changing Light at Sandover": ""I sometimes had the feeling that my friend's mind was intermittently being taken over by a stupid and possibly even evil intelligence"".
_	While in Denmark, he made a special trip to Elsinore and visited the Royal Castle where he had the feeling that at any moment one could imagine seeing the "wandering and troubled shade of the assassinated king."
_	In fact, his "main quarrel with the book" is that "it is presented almost wholly as a ballet of dupes and charlatans;" he considers the authors "a little too unyielding in their criteria for distinguishing between scientists and charlatans," adding "I have the feeling that the de Camps, rationalists themselves, simply could not generate the same kind of understanding interest in this behavior that they showed in their examination of ancient ruins (archeological and archaeologists), or that Sprague brought to his classic study of lost continents."
_	innocent of wilful intent, they are punished severely, and added to this, is the feeling that Reading acted in anything but a sportsmanlike manner in this affair".
_	The idea was musically inspired by a saying, how someone that has been close to dying by drowning said that the feeling that you get is an enormous, cold, anxiety feeling which is replaced just before you die with a warm acceptance that is supposedly extremely rewarding and orgasmic.
_	We are left with the feeling that the narrator will create all sorts of "covertising" and that we should henceforth be wary in all our online dealings.
_	In the statement, NUSC expressed the feeling that for progress to be made, the club should be sold at the "earliest possible opportunity".
_	The project’s ambition was to create a stronger polarity at the heart of the Île-de-France and develop a major attraction while relating the project to its natural and built environment and, lastly, embodying the various elements which strengthen the feeling that the project belongs in the district.
_	People normally dive into the informal sector due to poverty where they are somehow forced to produce or create income, or even due to the feeling that they are not being treated fairly by economic institutions.
_	"Chicago Tribune" critic Maureen Ryan stated, "The shaggily delightful dialogue, the deft pacing, the authentic sense of place, the rock-solid supporting cast and the feeling that you are in the hands of writers, actors and directors who really know what they're doing—all of these are worthy reasons to watch "Justified"."
_	Despite winning the continental title, Iraq's disappointing qualifying campaign for the 2010 FIFA World Cup has left Akram and his teammates with the feeling that they still have something to prove.
_	We all were under the feeling that the whole project [of Israel] is in an existentialistic danger.
_	Ilgner's rapid rise, his naked ambition and the feeling that he was being pushed only because of his family connections made him unpopular with many of his fellow executives but Schmitz held too much power in the company for such objections to be raised publicly.
_	He also noted Matt Nicholls's "Thunderous, floor-shaking beating and double-bass pedal rolls", which he said "combine to create the feeling that rhinos are steamrollering across your chest".
_	Surviving children who live unreported suffer by not having access to health insurance, lower chances receiving and education and often live with the feeling that they are a burden to their families.
_	Opposition is based variously in doctrinal disagreement and on a suspicion of cant and hypocrisy on the part of Mr Tryan; in Dempster's wife, Janet, however, it stems from an affection for Mr Crewe and his wife, and the feeling that it is unkind to subject them to so much stress in their declining years.
_	Through his stories, you got the feeling that he claimed no rights to life and that nevertheless he had always had a passionate desire to live.
_	Species dysphoria is the experience of dysphoria associated with the feeling that one's body is of the wrong species.
_	It was decided that the scene made audiences too "squeamish", which was not the feeling that the creative team wanted people to be leaving the film with.
_	Eminem's victory of Artist of the Year was, perhaps, the pinnacle of the feeling that the YouTube Music Awards' nominees were puzzling.
_	The saxophone changes from a baritone to a tenor saxophone, as a time signature switch from 6/8 to 12/8 creates the feeling that the tempo doubles up.
_	He added, "One couldn't escape the feeling that the author had dashed it off after seeing too many American movies, rather than making a serious attempt to put the Australian colour problem into its own perspective.
_	You get the feeling that there is a lot to be learned about the car over an extended period of ownership, a hidden facet that can only be revealed by familiarity.
_	"The story is reminiscent of so many others", but "the cast works miracles and Richard Boleslavsky, the director, has displayed considerable acumen" so that "at times, therefore, one is happily deluded into the feeling that the picture has freshness and a certain originality."
_	This only added to the feeling that they were 'not really South Korean'.
_	Other commentators, however, argue that economic anxiety was less of an important factor in predicting support for Trump than "cultural anxiety," or the feeling that one is a stranger in America and that illegal immigrants should be deported.
_	But by then—with the efforts to build his career and with time and distance between him and Maddalena—his feelings had changed and, using Florimo to communicate to the family, he rejected the offer, expressing the feeling that he would be unable to support her financially.
_	I get the feeling that the actual bid was about other things.
_	It has also been suggested that because Walter Hagen chose the American team rather than the American PGA, that only those Americans who had travelled to Britain to play in the Open were available for selection and that it contained a number of players born outside the United States, also contributed to the feeling that the match ought to be regarded as unofficial.
_	Despite tooling origins, however, one gets the feeling that the makers of Playart cars were auto enthusiasts perhaps more than other toy manufacturers.
_	She told her readers, "In the exhibition you will find repeatedly that the pictures are stirring in you the feeling that you can do as well."
_	This almost indecent inquisitiveness was explained not by the age as such, but by the feeling that the literary historian and critic belonged to another epoch."
_	A review in "The Monthly Film Bulletin" stated that although Hughes' novel had "undergone a softening process," it was "surprising how well the film manages to suggest the feeling that the children are living in a world of their own as they play happily throughout their ordeal ...
_	Although the dream's imagery is not scary, the feeling that he gets frightens him greatly—more so because he feels that it is so real.
_	"I can't get over the feeling that I had sitting there watching that pilot film. …
_	"Saw" fans will walk out of the theater with their fists in the air with the feeling that they've reclaimed their beloved franchise."
_	"Chicago Tribune" critic Maureen Ryan also praised the series, writing: "The shaggily delightful dialogue, the deft pacing, the authentic sense of place, the rock-solid supporting cast and the feeling that you are in the hands of writers, actors and directors who really know what they're doing—all of these are worthy reasons to watch Justified."
_	Braves General Manager at the time, John McHale, reportedly made the deal based on the feeling that Carl Willey could do a better job for Milwaukee than Jay.
_	However he was plagued by the feeling that what he had done was very wrong and turned to go back to the church to confess his sin.
_	Even though her handwriting looks the same, and she looks the same, she can't shake the feeling that she is not Ava Hanson.
_	Ava watches the boy in her dreams, but she can't shake the feeling that it's not a dream.
_	Imagine the feeling that the music you love reborn and then many great bands come along to surf with the wave.
_	Reflecting upon the story of his birth, Jones once said: "All of my days have been lived with the feeling that divine providence has upheld, sustained and directed my destiny."
_	I have only the feeling that they have not enough time to practice all that and it seems to me, Crassus, that you have put on these young men a heavy burden, even if maybe necessary to reach their objective.
_	Andrew Lloyd Webber and others on the production team for the film wanted to keep the feeling that viewers watching the film could still get the sense of seeing the show live, by having all views be facing the stage, therefore, getting multiple views of the set, but still feel like the viewer is part of a live audience, with several close-ups.
_	The American psychologist and counterculture figure Timothy Leary contends that the LP "gave a voice to the feeling that the old ways were over ... it came along at the right time" and stressed the need for cultural change based on a peaceful agenda.
_	However, in a new innovation the BBC introduced zoomed-in shots of the match which gave television spectators the feeling that they were just yards away from the action.
_	For people with anxiety, depression, or who are obsessed with the feeling that they can't breathe, psychiatric or psychological care may be helpful.
_	In a retrospective review, AllMusic critic Tom Demalon wrote, "The results are mixed and you sometimes have the feeling that you are hearing the same song repeated.
_	The reader gets the feeling that he may be selling all his possessions, looking to start life anew.
_	Occlusal dysesthesia, or "phantom bite", is characterized by the feeling that the bite is "out of place" (occlusal dystopia) despite any apparent damage or instability to dental or oromaxillofacial structures or tissue.
_	In relation to the painting "Contadini che vangano (Ultime vangate)", Gubernatis states that: the artist lives the life of its models, because it invokes a feeling of fatigue and of piety, noting that poor people sentenced to work so rude; ... the large canvas by Angiolo Tommasi does not, however the feeling that animates the paintings of Niccolò Cannicci but imposes the tough reality, just posits what the eye sees ...
_	'Aarakshan' is well-intentioned, but you can't shake off the feeling that you're trapped by a three-hour-long tirade.
_	According to art historian Gabi La Cava, Marc depicts "the feeling that is evoked by the subject matter is most important"—more so that zoological accuracy.
_	"How do we avoid creating the feeling that we are pounding troops down a rathole?"
_	The production is suitably sinister, the beats are as sharp as tiny ice-picks, and there's capable support from Nelly Furtado and newcomer SoShy, but it's hard to shake the feeling that there's little here Timbo hasn't given us before.
_	I had the feeling that a man would slip by less observed.
_	The play received from the "Village Voice" a positive and detailed review that expressed the feeling that the production should have run longer.
_	While the town prepares for its annual festivities, young fry cook Odd Thomas cannot shake the feeling that make-believe goblins and ghouls are not the only things on the prowl.
_	The peculiarity of subject matter may prevent this single from being a chart-topper, but one gets the feeling that’s not the singer’s measure of success anyway".
_	Tom enters the room where the Ordeen is waking, and the Old Goddess is confused by the feeling that she should know Tom (because it was Tom's blood that was used to wake her).
_	Two or three flat color patches give works relief,and the viewer the feeling that everything that had to be said was said.
_	Ionesco replied, "I have the feeling that these writers – who are serious and important – were talking about absurdity and death, but that they never really lived these themes, that they did not feel them within themselves in an almost irrational, visceral way, that all this was not deeply inscribed in their language.
_	You got the feeling that Alice could handle anything which, in a way, she could".
_	"Cityview" offered a more indifferent opinion, calling the album "a solid, well-developed piece of music" which was "more mature and nuanced than maybe anything the band has previously released", though noted that it felt like an "album out of time" and it was "hard to shake the feeling that it's come about a decade too late".
_	His poetry touched upon the difficult Spanish situation and the feeling that history would repeat itself for the worst.
_	In a letter about the book, Woolf wrote, "I had the feeling that your world imposed itself on my world, while I read, which only happens when one is taken in hand by a work."
_	At the age of five he knew the feeling that there were lines and forms that belonged to him and could express him in the world.
_	I get the feeling that the print version is read by people hanging out in bars".
_	In 1926, he left Poland, traveling in Eastern Europe and the Middle East; he wrote: "I had the feeling that the end of the world was approaching in Poland, so I wanted to discover the life of other lands before it disappeared entirely.
_	Flores was motivated by the feeling that Latino are underrepresented in politics, and that there should be an effort to recruit and encourage Latino candidates.
_	Three months later, the separation from Elena and his son Joaquin, and the feeling that the people no longer need Zorro, are taking its toll on Alejandro.
_	In the 1970s Sweden, the farmer Agne (Reine Brynolfsson) is plagued by the work on the farm, and by the feeling that someone wants his family bad.
_	He continues to demand that he is there only to help her and that he loves her, while she keeps pressuring him to leave her in peace expressing the feeling that there is "an insuperable barrier between us".
_	The vocals give the feeling that the listener is part of a hard rock party...
_	The aim of the authors was to let the player get the feeling that there are myriads of informations that they would have to sort through, and that they would have to do with less than what exists to understand.
_	Handheld cameras were used to make the series look less glamorous and to create the feeling that the viewer was in the scene.
_	However, the "Times" concluded that "Remember Last Night?" should be enjoyed "in moderation" as the "halfwit behavior of the roisterers in the film" may make the viewer come away "with the feeling that one or two additional murders among the madcap principals would have made Long Island a still better place to live in".
_	"The Guardian" gave the game a score of two stars out of five and said that "when you play ["Deathly Hallows Part 1"], you get the feeling that everyone involved with the franchise will be secretly relieved when the whole juggernaut finally grinds to a permanent halt."
_	The outer walls of the synagogue are built slightly off plumb, intended by the architect to convey the feeling that the Jewish community has always been slightly set off from the German city.
_	You get the feeling that it's really happening.
_	Contributing to the sense of crisis in 1990 and the feeling that Canada was falling apart was the Oka Crisis.
_	As she notes in her interview with Melissa Anderson “I had the feeling that this is the camera that would bring me back to the early short films I made in 1957 and 1958.
_	I have the feeling that there is some internal political struggle in Germany now, and it is very unfortunate that old wounds are opening because of it."
_	Finding human characteristics in a pear or lemon viewing landscapes in a crumpled piece of paper, I try to evoke the feeling that all of nature is one."
_	In June 1941, the PCA informed the studio: "We still get the impression that the word 'manage' is so used, or over-used, that one gets the feeling that it is intended to mean something which is sex suggestive."
_	Jay also has the feeling that Joe totally ignores him until, at the end of the day, Joe asks him to come the next day.
_	You get the feeling that if you drove out to Brentford you might actually run in to them."
_	Merat further noted that the band made a conscious decision with "Vermis" to bring back "a level of unpredictability we've always had in the past" due to the feeling that the previous album, "The Destroyers of All", "came out a little too fluid on the whole".
_	Said Coplans: “I have the feeling that I’m alive, I have a body.
_	he stated the build up has not been enough to promote the biggest fight of his career, "It’s only a few weeks away and I've got the feeling that it’s going to be delayed.
_	He told God that he was prepared to die, but was overcome with the feeling that "God was with me.
_	Agent Skye has been having bad dreams, and cannot shake the feeling that something bad is about to happen.
_	These small whitish plugs, termed "tonsilloliths" and sometimes known as "tonsil stones," have a foul smell and can contribute to bad breath; furthermore, they can obstruct the normal flow of pus from the crypts, and may irritate the throat (people with tonsil stones may complain of the feeling that something is stuck in their throat).
_	Bampton stated in a 1989 interview that, "Both of us got the feeling that we wouldn't be happy with the new regime."
_	He commended the new tracks produced by the Dead Executives writing that they "help alleviate the feeling that this is a total cash grab."
_	Scholars have also argued that when people own assets or are engaged in asset-building activities, they internalize the feeling that they have a stake in society, and therefore they cognitively pay greater attention and participate more in economic, civic, and political activities.
_	Lachmann recalled that after reading Marx's "Capital" he had the feeling that in this work were the answers to his questions, in the form of historical analysis.
_	I had the feeling that eternity was touching me through this music...nobody wanted to start clapping."
_	Columbia Residents Against the Marriott Proposal, a citizens' group that was abbreviated as CRAMP, was one of the earliest opponents to the park, citing concerns of unwanted traffic and tourism, as well as potential environmental impacts and the feeling that the park was being "shoved on them" by the enthusiastic state government.
_	Maturity emphasizes a clear comprehension of life's purpose, directedness, and intentionality which contributes to the feeling that life is meaningful.
_	Music directors, who worked with him, claimed that while listening to him, one would develop the feeling that Talat was a soft-hearted man.
_	"You may not sympathize with the character," wrote Triplett, "but in the end you don't hate him either; instead you are left with the feeling that reconciliation just might be possible."
_	The split happened for a number of reasons, among them being the feeling that the group was prevented from evolving into a more egalitarian creative team, upset at being replaced by studio musicians on recordings (Volk denies this and says that The Wrecking Crew were only hired by Melcher and Lindsey to augment the band) and unhappy with a continued teen-oriented direction while a more serious rock 'n' roll style was emerging.
_	Although rather more schlager in style, Andersson considered it the best of their new songs, despite the feeling that it was very out of style with the rest of the acts performing that night.
_	Later, in a private moment with Carla von Lahnstein (Claudia Hiersche) she gets the feeling that she needs someone to confide in.
_	The Times of India in its review gave the album 3 stars and wrote, "The album is exciting, yes, but you cannot escape the feeling that there is still some room for improvement".
_	Kyle Busch, who qualified second, said his "car wasn’t quite as good as I had hoped it would be as far as the feeling that I had with grip.
_	She plays volleyball out of the feeling that valley wants to become good at in Otsu Junior High School of Himeji, Hyogo Prefecture and, in June, 1998 that was an eighth grader, study abroad.
_	One of the cowboys says that he just had the feeling that he should buy gifts to give them to someone.
_	This accentuated the feeling that terminating at Kilconquhar was not conducive to generating income, and the next stage onward to Anstruther was urgent.
_	According to the "Washington Post", the Central African Republic extended diplomatic recognition to the DoM in 1993, but the "Post" article went on to remark, "...you get the feeling that the Central African Republic would recognize the State of Denial if it had a letterhead."
_	Emms also interpreted that the pathos is "heightened by an extended funereal instrumental coda which acts as one big question mark, leaving us with the feeling that this is not just a meditation on the quotidian but something greater, existential even.
_	"This movement is prompted by the feeling that pervades the citizens of this State that in the present emergency the arms and munitions of war in the Arsenal should be under the control of the State authorities, in order to their security.
_	the last track a perfect example of all the qualities that had gone into making this CD such a pleasure to listen to: top quality songs, fresh, imaginative arrangements, and virtuoso musicianship, engaging vocals and above all the feeling that you are listening to a group of musicians who believe in and love the music they are presenting.
_	I know few women as courageous as Marie-Claude, who always gave the feeling that her own life was nothing if she wasn't with the company of her comrades.”
_	Lloyd Webber and others on the production team for the film wanted to keep the feeling that viewers watching the film could still get the sense of seeing the show live, by having all views be facing the stage, therefore, getting multiple views of the set, with several close-ups.
_	After the investigation was complete, Bucker had the following to say : “We were showing some action and then suddenly a (Qatar) player has the ball in a one-on-one situation and you get the feeling that something is wrong.
_	These problems included the feeling that religious radio stations had ""...emerged as a new weapon with which one religious group could bludgeon another..."", and that U.S. stations unfairly dominated the airwaves despite an agreements to reserve some frequencies exclusively for Canadian stations.
_	In this dreamlike novel set in Cornwall, magic often occurs during the hours of darkness and yet readers are not left with the feeling that experiences have been merely imagined.
_	The persistency of work like this can only justify the feeling that the root of this un-American warfare is due, not so much to what is seen or known of the deeds of missionaries, but the opposition to Christianity itself.
_	The article stated that the elimination had been made "because of the feeling that it might stir up resentments in the audience by showing the sympathizers for the Nazi movement during the '30s."
_	Lisa-Ann Lee of "SG" magazine awarded it 2.5/5, praising it as "a valiant effort" and "a very polished production" even if "you get the feeling that you’ve seen it all before" and "it makes that sharp turn toward melodrama and the bizarre near the end".
_	While they exhibit high levels of cross-cultural competence (3C)—in that they are in tune with the different cultures between which they grew up, sometimes illustrating more astute understanding than mono-cultured counterparts because of their multiple referential points—they generally have the feeling that they remain outside the culture, looking in.
_	I have the feeling that the victims got out of the focus.”"
_	Nick Levine from Digital Spy commented in his positive review, "'Headlines' won't be the first tune you skip to on the Spice Girls' Greatest Hits album – or, in all honesty, the tenth – but, as its pretty, gently melodic chorus surges gracefully, the feeling that comes over you is unmistakable.
_	Perhaps it is a mother's tears or even the feeling that the sorrow is so great that there are no more tears left."
_	There is the shame factor, the feeling that dying in prison is the ultimate failure."
_	According to Deming, "The thing I wanted to achieve was giving the feeling that anything could come out of the background, and to leave a certain question about what you're looking at.
_	He can’t let go of the feeling that felt so good when he was with her.
_	It was this incident that showed him "the fear of meeting a person I can't communicate with," which is the feeling that he conveys through the Titans.
_	Nolan said the group "liked the juxtaposition of it being this calm serene thing but then since the album is called "Tidal Wave" it gives you the feeling that something might go wrong in that scenario".
_	"Slant Magazine"s Sal Cinquemani was more critical of the lyrics, finding them distastefully sentimental, unsubtle, and "the epitome of formulaic, giving you the feeling that you've heard this all before".
_	In his earlier appearances he seemed as large as a daibutsu, but it later seems as though his fighting spirit gives off the feeling that he is that large.
_	In general the atmosphere was that of a holiday, with the feeling that this was a goodwill tour to re-establish cricketing relations ten years after the last tour of Australia, and that a serious cricket would not begin until the 1948 Ashes series.
_	He became a student at the Super Tiger Gym when he was in the 6th grade, learning shoot wrestling under Satoru Sayama, but he left on the feeling that he wasn't being given enough attention in the combative aspect.
_	He is particularly conflicted when she and Barney get engaged; he wants her to be happy, but cannot shake the feeling that he and Robin are meant to be together.
_	Although there is a bitter rivalry on both sides, the make up of the rivalry is slightly different: for Victoria, being the most successful state in interstate football, it meant that protecting that reputation was of prominent importance; for South Australia, the rivalry stemmed from dislike, and the feeling that Victorians did not give the state the respect it deserved.
_	He is rescued by a band of adventurers loyal to Haldren, his only companion in his time at the terrible prison, but he begins to get the feeling that he is just a tool.
_	accessible to everybody?" 0100101110101101.org answered that "the feeling that Hell.com was
_	"I wanted the feeling that the audience was peeking around the corner."
_	I love being involved in so many different aspects of music and the feeling that I truly never know what’s coming up next”.
_	The story is clearly slanted to give the reader the feeling that the protagonist has made the right choice, and that the life of a union organizer leading strikes and loving a fellow unionist is much preferable to that of a staid conservative professor with an upper-class wife.
_	Influenced by cubism, his early works clearly displayed the feeling that had determined the choices of painters before him.
_	Larry Fitzmaurice for "Pitchfork" described the disc as "the band's least intense album," and stated: "it's hard to shake the feeling that Death Grips might benefit from a change in aesthetic and conceptual focus...
_	I want to create the feeling that it could take over the space in the way mold could."
_	The attitude of the writer towards Paganism is remarkable: the whole poem is intensely Pagan, and is penetrated by the feeling that the world of literature and culture is, and must remain, pagan; that outside of Paganism lies a realm of barbarism.
_	Once in sight of the Ghibellines, Gianbertoldo started the battle, while Colle inhabitants were shouting and waving their weapons, giving the feeling that more troops were waiting to attack.
_	I cannot say that he ever put it into words, but he certainly gave me the feeling that I was always to be both decent and manly, and that if I were manly nobody would laugh at my being decent.
_	Feichtner stated that he had the feeling that after 1942, the highly specialised departments of the SIS grew too much for him to keep up with, technically as well as from the viewpoint of personnel.
_	Kuert’s ultimate goal is to elevate humans by appealing to their inner selves, astonishing and leaving a sense of regeneration, conveying the feeling that all of time lies in just one moment.
_	Elsewhere, Ace suddenly gets the feeling that she has done something terribly wrong.
_	You get the feeling that the music that he was creating was his own way of connecting with the outside world, was a way of establishing some kind of intimacy that was otherwise lacking in his life.
_	Ruiz states the new technical means of the film helped create a distinction from the look and feel of television that was more cinematic and allowed him to create shots that gave viewers “the feeling that they occupied a precise and determined place from which their vision was exercised.
_	I have the feeling that once you get into it, you're going to want to do it all."
_	He also opined that "[y]ou just get the feeling that if those concerned put as much effort into the songwriting as they did into the glossy album sleeve photo shoot things might have been a whole lot better."
_	Aaron Stein, writing for the New York Post, criticized the clash between typical radio fare and serious drama: "...we are bothered by the feeling that a less mystically taciturn script might have offered easier going to an audience that has been pretty thoroughly conditioned away from listening with anything like concentration.
_	The German issue of "Rolling Stone" magazine gave "Stardust" three out of five stars and wrote that "merely that this time you actually have the feeling that this is really Lena, and not Stefan Raab's idea of Lena."
_	Of all the reasons Lori and Corey found for creating a bridge between "Trial by Fire" and "Shadows of Darkenss", the most compelling was the feeling that the Hero character simply hadn't matured enough to face the very grim challenges awaiting him in Transylvania.
_	This hypothesis is supported by findings that lesions on the parietal lobe cause the perception that memories lack vividness, and give patients the feeling that their confidence in their memories is compromised.
_	In the same documentary, Langenkamp also characterizes Nancy as the "good girl" whereas the Tina Gray character is contrasted as giving the feeling that "she wasn't going to make it."
_	Adult development and maturity theories include the purpose in life concept, in which maturity emphasizes a clear comprehension of life's purpose, directedness, and intentionality, which contributes to the feeling that life is meaningful.
_	Both Ochs and Lasker attempted to heed Louis Marshall's warnings about antagonizing the "sensitiveness of the southern people and engender the feeling that the north is criticizing the courts and the people of Georgia."
_	“Computers have robbed us of the feeling that we’re actually making things,” Kleon cautions.
_	Unable to shake the feeling that they are in some way predetermined to meet, Candice tracks down the man in the poster to the seedy Fulton Hotel, and bribes the desk clerk for the key to "Mr. Robinson's" room.
_	He briefly considered riding as a domestique for Vincenzo Nibali, but opted against it because of his physical condition at the time and the feeling that doing so would be disrespectful to the race.
_	When the organism becomes aware of the feeling that its bodily state (Protoself) is being affected by its experiences, or response to emotion, Core Consciousness is born.
_	FOK, in contrast, is the feeling that one will be able to recognize - from a list of items - an item that is currently inaccessible.
_	While I have not had any real contact with him for many, many years, I have the feeling that he never changed.
_	It was reported that Habibie had remarked that he did not have the feeling that Singapore was a friend, and had pointed to a map, saying: "It's O.K. with me, but there are 211 million people [in Indonesia].
_	Indeed I had the feeling that the elevator was "dangerously" light and I was all too aware of the intelligence reports of He 177s breaking up in the air so I decided to treat this control very gently...
_	While we hear Swami Hariballabh it seems clear that “The key to the mystery of a great artist is that for reasons unknown, he will give away his energies and his life just to make sure that one note follows another... and leaves us with the feeling that something is right in the world.
_	When landing, ground effect can give the pilot the feeling that the aircraft is "floating".
_	Mark Lawson of "The Guardian" praised it as "exceptionally good" and "thrilling and funny, as well as educational", noting its "historical rigour" and its "good arty jokes", while Deborah Orr wrote that it was "hardly original for someone to alight on [Van Gogh's] tale as a tear-jerker, although it is pretty shrewd to think of placing it in a popular time-travel context" and that "the feeling that I'd been gently monstered into life-affirming feel-good sobs by Richard Curtis was not new, not in the least".
_	The paintings never provide explanations, but hints and suggestions that leave the viewer with the feeling that a reversal of all meanings is always possible.
_	Bernard Van Isacker said he "got the feeling that 'Quantum Mechanics' might be the most intimate album from the past few years."
_	In a 1985 interview Booth said "I remember having the feeling that you don't do this to people."
_	One day, he gets the feeling that there will be a lot of snow in the upcoming winter and when spring comes, the melting snow will flow over the Meadow of the Tulips.
_	Referring to Drake's recorded output, Fred Dellar noted in "Hi-Fi News & Record Review" that "the LPs hardly sell, thanks partly to Nick's reluctance to play promotional concerts and one is left with the feeling that his only ambition is to play the lead in the Howard Hughes story should anyone ever decide to make it as a musical.
_	Rather than sabotaging the world-building, it helps keep the feeling that there's still uncharted territory in the world."
_	At times I had the feeling that Miss Woodward was auditioning for the role of Sadie Thompson, and that Miss Wallach was occasionally in competition.
_	I'm looking forward to all of that, and I did enjoy some elements of Transference, but can't shake the feeling that this wasn't a very strong finale.
_	This moment has affected Swoon, telling her that one tiny thing can make an opportunity for connection and can inspire the feeling that maybe there is another world existing around us and that we only need a perception shift in order to see it.
_	It's just that I cannot shake the feeling that "Greyhawk Adventures" has spread itself too thin."
_	McCombs described the lyrical meaning behind "Unreal" as "the amount of control, or better, the lack of control one seems to have over his/her own life at times... and the feeling that maybe there is a higher power out there and if there is, he clearly doesn't give a fuck about me now or the times you seem to need a little help the most."
_	AllMovie's review was unfavorable, writing, ""The Card Player" offers a fair amount of suspense and at least one memorable set piece, but for those even remotely familiar with Argento's canon, there's the feeling that it's all been done before – and handled with much more style and confidence."
_	Twenty years later, Danny Eccleston's review of the 2014 reissue stated, "There's nothing more exhilarating than the feeling that something great is about to happen.
_	The singer added that the song was also about "the feeling that there are people out there who don't actively hold you back as much as they work quietly on your insecurities so that you hold "yourself" back".
_	But the longer she spends on Cyprus, the more she gets the feeling that she was the intended victim.
_	The speed and efficiency of the railways enhanced the feeling that Mildenhall, not connected to the network, was at a disadvantage.
_	Bauer gets the feeling that he can rely on the young man, and invites him to a meeting on the weekend to his home, because he imagines in his authority as "in the enemy country".
_	Brahms' friend and biographer Max Kalbeck, reported that the critic Eduard Hanslick, acting as one of the page-turners, exclaimed on hearing the first movement at this performance: "For this whole movement I had the feeling that I was being given a beating by two incredibly intelligent people."
_	people will get the feeling that is about them".
_	Though Sam is becoming better, Henry has the feeling that he should stay with his helpless grandfather because he himself fears becoming an orphan.
_	Low on ammunition, the men are haunted by bad dreams, memories and the feeling that something about the area just isn't right.
_	As an example, some young adults might still have the feeling that they are special inside and invulnerable, but they are less likely to engage in risky behaviors.
_	Many viewers and critics expressed the feeling that "at long last Chicanos could see themselves reflected and represented...a process of both aesthetic and political validation."
_	These measures gave the people the feeling that the area was now "flood free", and it was touted as such until the flood of 1977.
_	Its title describes the feeling that, "On a trip around the world, every day feels like Saturday."
_	Following the Vietnam War, the feeling that U.S. foreign policy had grown apart from traditional American values was seized upon by Senator Donald M. Fraser (D, MI), leading the Subcommittee on International Organizations and Movements, in criticizing Republican Foreign Policy under the Nixon administration.
_	Though the physical aspects of the area have changed since the strike has ended, what has not changed is the feeling that the miners of Pittston accomplished – a win for their own benefits as well as benefits for the UMWA.
_	Many Americans have the feeling that these wealthy interests, whether corporations, unions or PACs, are so powerful that ordinary citizens can do little to counteract their influences.
_	According to a synopsis provided by Meyers' production company, "They keep seeing visions of each other, and you get the feeling that they are still very much in love, yet they don't get back together because they feel that this is the best thing for them.
_	Shaking, rattling, and kicking up sparks over successive hills, drops, and tight radial turns, it often gave its riders the feeling that the cars would "skip the track" and send them flying in all directions.
_	Ebert praised the scene depicting Indiana as a Boy Scout with the Cross of Coronado; he compared it to the "style of illustration that appeared in the boys' adventure magazines of the 1940s", saying that Spielberg "must have been paging through his old issues of "Boys' Life" magazine... the feeling that you can stumble over astounding adventures just by going on a hike with your Scout troop.
_	Becky Bain of Idolator thought that the performance was Clarkson's most memorable live performances while Kelefa Sanneh of "The New York Times" thought Clarkson's performance was very solid despite the feeling that she sounded better dry than drenched.
_	An article in "Times Leader" stated that "one gets the feeling that there is something special about the cool, clear water contained within its banks".
_	You had the feeling that both the national problem was solved and the social problem was solved.
_	First off, because you can get the feeling that you're special for being one of the few million who was actually there, live, when "Bob's Burgers" went from good to great.
_	The twist of his body effectively conveys to the viewer the feeling that he is in motion, an impression heightened with contrapposto.
_	According to Argentine graphic artist Rep, the artwork conveys a grotesque, dramatic flavor and the feeling that the album should be taken seriously but not too seriously.
_	The diving effect is accomplished by a dense curtain of small bubbles rushing towards the surface on a slight angle, giving the feeling that the submarine is moving forward and down.
_	She gives him the feeling that they belong together, even though their worlds lie far apart, and thus wants to take him to heaven.
_	Unfortunately one religious body had refused to be represented on the commission, and the feeling that arose caused the work that had been done to be nullified for the time being.
_	Gilray said of his time at Lanning's Berkely house in 2010, "I came away from that with the feeling that, well, that they felt, knew, the game and the brand were in the right hands."
_	When she first read Fernand Braudel at Barkan’s insistence, she “had the feeling that’s the sort of thing I wanted to do.”
_	The actress told "Calhoun Times" that she was "basically not that way" at all, having been raised to be mannered and polite; "I get the feeling that everyone's very disappointed that I'm not trying to get something from them".
_	He was probably influenced by two considerations: first, by his profound aversion to Roman Catholicism, to which he felt he would be giving some episcopal recognition by compliance; but, second and more especially, by the feeling that James was compromising the spiritual freedom of the church.
_	An editorial published in "Variety" stated: "Most protests were generated by the feeling that the depiction of a killer in a Santa Claus suit would traumatize children and undermine their traditional trust in Santa Claus."
_	I thank you from my heart for your openness with me & I should dread the feeling that you were concealing your opinions from the fear of giving me pain.
_	Since then, in the meantime over a year, I have had the feeling that i have started a new life, a life that is as full and juicy as a ripe fruit."
_	It gives the visitors the feeling that they are going back in time.
_	The band chose Ric Ocasek as the producer based on the feeling that he would best be able to return to "the sound and the vibe and the energy of where [the band] came from", while also allowing them to "explore and try new things".
_	He said, "I had offers from 15 clubs and I have the feeling that Ajax is the right club for me.
_	I had the feeling that he was in the business of gaming and... whatever.
_	Again an album was discussed, but was cancelled due to a change in management and the feeling that the two singles had not done well enough for an album to be made.
_	His sick and nervous home had given him the feeling that he had no right to get married."
_	"NME" gave the album a score of six out of ten: "It tails off towards the end, and TBS never quite shake the feeling that other people are doing this sort of thing far more thrillingly elsewhere."
_	Nothing professes your passion quite like building your own detailed costume replica of a classic Star Wars villain, and there's nothing quite like the feeling that comes from bringing the characters of Star Wars into the real world and sharing the magic with others.
_	By far, the two most common symptoms described are pain and the feeling that teeth no longer correctly meet (traumatic malocclusion, or disocclusion).
_	Grant stated he wanted the album to end so the listener wanted the album to last longer, but also leave the listener with the feeling that "you have been on a really nice journey" and that it "felt like the perfect outro".
_	As you worked on it, you really got the feeling that Rome was going to look like something we had never seen on TV before, so our vfx approach very much wanted to respect that."
_	The scariest thing "Painting With" leaves behind is the feeling that Animal Collective think that’s perfectly fine."
_	Chris Homer of The Fandom Post also shared the feeling that Sena is a "typical protagonist", but remarked how he develops into a more confident character, which "is key to the series" and makes him "a more than acceptable protagonist".
_	No one can get behind the feeling that caused a pause in the match, not even the player trying to put her feelings behind her, dumping ball after ball into the net," (65).
_	Citizens need to have the feeling that they influence state affairs and live in the country characterized by culture of trust.
_	It is Drossinis’ bedroom, where the visitor has the feeling that the poet is constantly present.
_	Predatory death anxiety arises from the feeling that one may be or may become a victim of someone else’s death desires.
_	The most common general symptom of having the spins is described by its name: the feeling that one has the uncontrollable sense of spinning, although one is not in motion, which is one of the main reasons an intoxicated person may vomit.
_	So if that's the feeling that young people [are getting] or whoever is feeling the music, if that's the inspiration they get, I think it's dope."
_	I confirmed for myself by means of geometry the feeling that I must speak of a world 'which is not seen'."
_	But even more, the issue is the distance in Coetzee's writing, the feeling that his characters are less living flesh-and-blood than signifiers of some idea.
_	The calls for an overarching program arose from the feeling that the uncoordinated actions of these parties lead to duplication of efforts, overallocation of resources to certain technical and geographical areas, and an untapped potential for joint initiatives and information exchange.
_	Major factors for this included the view that the Steelers' defense was better than that of the Cardinals and the feeling that the AFC was an overall better conference than the NFC.
_	The plot features dream logic impinging on reality: "Senses of Cinema" highlighted the role of "outlandish chance" and "Film Comment" noted the feeling that the characters are inventing or re-enacting the narrative.
_	GamesRadar+'s Nathan Meunier enjoyed the game overall, also citing the comical musical score, but shared the feeling that the level design becomes repetitive.
_	In contrast, "Game Informer"s Matthew Kato found the gameplay to be "repetitious", writing "sometimes I got the feeling that I was working harder only to have less fun than in "Two Towers"."
_	Stumpf answered he still had the feeling that two different worlds were facing each other, separated by a Chinese wall.
_	A cultural site talks about it: "Appetite and Tanto Deseo, two galleries with young spirit, that intent to give a space of creation without the market's demands interfering, born from a personal necessity mixed with the feeling that things like these were missing in this city.
_	The critic, however, notes that "Nidra" "gives the feeling that it is a bit too fast paced than one would have liked and events happen, at times in an undisciplined manner."
_	Both "Comic Book Resources" and "The Economic Times" noted that the episode gave the feeling that the show was nearing its end, with "Comic Book Resources" stating: "With few stones left unturned now, and a "Steven Universe" movie on the way, it feels like Rebecca Sugar’s hit cartoon is nearing its endgame", feeling that the upcoming film "could very well serve as the show’s swan song."
_	Royce won by unanimous decision, which many viewers and MMA sites disputed immediately on the feeling that Sakuraba won the fight.
_	There's sort of this love/hate relationship between them, but you get the feeling that they really enjoy this thing that they're going through."
_	The "Hiawatha" screenplay, written by a scenarist whose Americanism is unquestioned, still left us with the feeling that Communistic elements might conceivably misinterpret the theme of our picture, despite its American origin, and that is why we have postponed its production."
_	Commenting on the song's lyrics – which include lines such as "I've got the feeling that I'm gonna keep you up all night – Pizzorno said: "It's more a conversation that me and Tom [Meighan] might have at five or six in the morning.
_	I love kinda constantly moving on in life and it gives you the feeling that you're evolving.
_	Canadian anger gradually subsided, but the feeling that Canada should control its own foreign policy may have contributed to the Statute of Westminster.
_	Upon finishing the story, he is said to have remarked: "I absolutely had the feeling that I was shut up in Ward 6 myself!"
_	It stems from the feeling that reality should be as wished, and that any frustration should be resolved quickly and easily.
_	He quipped to Carson, "Did you ever get the feeling that the world was a tuxedo and you were a pair of brown shoes?", to which Carson, Hope, Martin, and the audience came unglued with laughter.
_	I always had the feeling that no one understood me anyway, that no one knew who I was and what made me do this or that.
_	He instead suggested that when a subject experienced the feeling that they were being watched and turned to check, a second person who already had the subject in their field of vision might notice the subject starting to turn their head, and shift their gaze to the subject.
_	One gets the feeling that it has driven everyone concerned a bit mad, and that is where "Goodbye 20th Century!" succeeds the most: without showing a single glimpse of actual Balkan fighting, it portrays the horror and insanity of the conflict in a way that a mere war film would be hard-pressed to achieve."
_	You get the feeling that, here in his own club, he’s comfortable enough to just blow."
_	He becomes friends with Lex, who gives him the feeling that he is also a good fighter.
_	Reviewing a 2011 recording of the piece, Andrew Clements of "The Guardian" lauded "The Glory Tree", writing, "There's something engagingly freewheeling about Frances-Hoad's works, the feeling that she is quite unselfconscious about the music she writes and oblivious to how others might categorise it."
_	You get the feeling that Waddle was rightly embarrassed to be there while Hoddle genuinely felt he was at the start of something big."
_	Over the next few days in the village John gets the feeling that people are keeping secrets from him.
_	After Clarissa's death, Henning decides to sell castle Friedenau with the feeling that it brought nothing but harm to his family.
_	She has the feeling that Toby, a medical officer at the front in France, will not return home.
_	im sorry if you have been left with the feeling that we (fear before the march of flames) have been leading you on making you think were working on music.
_	There is the feeling that Miss Ringwald's Darcy can triumph over anything.
_	An unpleasant feeling of self-consciousness may occur when one realizes that one is being watched or observed, the feeling that "everyone is looking" at oneself.
_	Happiness at work is the feeling that employee really enjoy what they do and they are proud of themselves, they enjoy people being around, thus they have better performance.
_	In 1960, the American embassy in Cairo wrote of Egyptian Jews that: "There is definitely a strong desire among most Jews to emigrate, but this is prompted by the feeling that they have limited opportunity, or from fear for the future, rather than by any direct or present tangible mistreatment at the hands of the government."
_	It further criticized the game and its developer, noting, "... we can't shake the feeling that Hudson will continue riding the same graphical technology for as long as it can still sell copies."
_	Indeed, in the book "While the Billy Boils" a tale of Brummy is recounted by a nameless swagman, when the reader is left with the feeling that the nameless swagman telling his tale may actually be the supposedly deceased Hewson.
_	"CVG" in its 8.5 of 10 review raved, "There aren't many games that make your heart race like Geometry Wars does", but cautioned "the feeling that it's all been toned down leaves a sour taste in our mouths."
_	The number of private kindergartens have increased as a result of more women entering the workforce, growth in the number of nuclear families where a grandparent was often unavailable to take care of children, and the feeling that kindergarten might give children an "edge" in later educational competition.
_	This kind of precision helps to give you the feeling that this is an album that was written and not just jammed out, allowing you to feel the hand of its creator and to appreciate the songcraft at work here.
_	Lt. Fleming led a detail into the village, but getting the feeling that an arrest would most certainly result in violence, Fleming initially made a solid decision, that being to await the arrival of the Indian Agent, John Whitfield.
_	Introducing herself to him, Tory Bass (Lara Flynn Boyle) exhibits a skittish manner and admits she is preoccupied by the feeling that someone has been murdered.
_	When I immerse myself in the contemplation of the picture I am filled with the feeling that all Europe must indeed answer the call of the beloved Kaiser to unite in peaceful harmony for the sake of the cross and the dearest goods, but then the uneasy feeling steals over me that the evil in those men who oppose as an enemy power the good which manifests itself in the Kaiser's being will now cause them to tear down and attack with their ingenious criticism that which has sprung from the high-mindedness and noble heart of the Kaiser".
_	And there's always the feeling that you're in financial debt too.
_	Such was the feeling that one building contractor felt safe enough to return to Babaji from Lashkar Gah to offer his services to construct a permanent vehicle checkpoint for the route.
_	On the subject of art itself, Diller has said that he "always had the feeling that art really develops through a kind of general activity.
_	While continuing on X-Factor, Cyclops proposes to Jean and she meets her alternate future daughter Rachel Summers (who goes by the codename "Phoenix" as well and is also able to tap into the Phoenix Force), but she rejects them both out of the feeling that they indicate that her life is predetermined.
_	You got the feeling that Alice could handle anything which, in a way, she could".
_	"The Independent" Fiona Sturges got the feeling that Minogue is making use of Tei's "far-reaching" reputation, rather than the other way around.
_	In the wake of the feeling that "I want to continue to spread to teenagers the circle of social contribution", was proposed by Yonezawa in the "citizen proposal cooperative model project" Shiokawa Tomoko representative of KMA poplar Friends is a youth healthy development organizations Yonezawa "ACB48 Yonezawa (tentative name) development Project "was adopted in fiscal year 2012.
_	The Commonwealth Government has released this film for exhibition throughout Australia, in the feeling that every citizen will take pride in a record of national achievement.
_	The central message of the song is that all were equal by birth and they should have the feeling that they remained so even later and they should live as one race.
_	This documentary ended with the feeling that for now it looked like an East vs.
_	While working for this company, he was faced with a very competitive work environment which fostered in him the feeling that he could do something though his experiences there.
_	The Danish art-collector and gallery-owner Johnny Emil Larsen has said about the works of Fredrik K.B. that “what connects his work, in all its diversity, is that when one looks at the sculptures, one gets the feeling that he has carved the granite with his own fingernails”.
_	Look what happens when they were given the feeling that they are a real people."
_	Slater scored the game 7 out of 10, the same score the site had given to "Fallen Nation", and was critical of several aspects; "Poor pacing, baffling AI, and odd checkpoints add to the feeling that the game needed a little longer in development, and a slew of glitches and bugs cement that fact [...]
_	However, Jeffery criticises that the episode "does stumble just a little at the final hurdle", with the ending seeming like a "cop-out" from Brooker because "like Martha, you get the feeling that he doesn't quite know what to do with Ash now that he's created him."
_	The thing I was most proud of with the track was the feeling that there really wasn't anything like it on the radio so I felt very successful having created something unique in a market flooded with similar music."
_	I get the feeling that through some oversight or taxonomical confusion (Mr. Greenan's books are difficult to classify, therefore hard to explain) not enough readers are aware of what delightful fun he is poking at the notion that human beings are superior to skunk cabbages.
_	When World War II broke out, they decided to give up crime-fighting and enlist, both out of the sense of duty and the feeling that the proliferation of super-powered heroes made them increasingly irrelevant.
_	Films consisting of almost or nothing more than previously released footage, like "Godzilla's Revenge" (1969) and "Trail of the Pink Panther" (1982) left the audience with the feeling that they had been tricked into seeing the same material again, while expecting a fully original film with new, authentic material.
_	“I miss the feeling that exists in the townships of being a member of one big family.
_	After some close scrapes, Joe and Karen manage to sneak Connor away from Jamie, and Joe announces they're leaving the Chatsworth estate, although Karen is becoming increasingly unsettled at both the idea of a future with Joe and the feeling that Joe's decided what will happen without giving her a choice.
_	Neither Dan Sullivan's chipper, keep-it-moving direction nor Ms. Wasserstein's justly famed ear for dialogue and bone-deep sense of craft can conceal the feeling that she doesn't know entirely where she's heading or how to get there."
_	Dupuy de Lôme did not stand alone in the feeling that radical changes in the construction and propulsion of ships were imminent.
_	Outside of these very limited contexts, use of "it" as a pronoun is generally avoided, due to the feeling that it is dehumanizing.
_	McCurry also states, "I have found that I get completely consumed by the importance of the story I am telling, the feeling that the world has got to know.
_	Jason Lipshutz of "Billboard" wrote that one "gets the feeling that 'Treasure', with its grand harmonies, classically kooky hooks and slyly sexual undertones, is the musical mode that makes Mars the happiest", while "Spin"s Dan Hyman favorably compared "Treasure" to the work of American disco artist Donna Summer.
_	When Zed and Sagiri later leave with the Seekers on their flying ship, Roya is distressed by the feeling that their parting may be the last time she ever sees Zed again.
_	Fans quickly came across it on casting sites, and developed the feeling that the character "really [looks like she sucks]."
_	Images of Warhol were digitally superimposed on several of the photographs, creating the feeling that to Paul Vallely of The Independent seemed as though "the dead man [haunted] the photographs of his living spaces."
_	Unfortunately ... the novel remains flat in some essential way ... it's hard to escape the feeling that Maupin is drifting across the surface, letting our familiarity with Michael do much of the narrative work ...
_	The suave camera movements never quite dispel the feeling that we are watching a filmed play.
_	Cohen is quoted as saying in 1985 that he had "had the feeling that people thought the problem was hopeless, since there was no new way of constructing models of set theory.
_	The singer felt that the song was about looking at life directly, with the feeling that he or she is a champion—like the emotion displayed by the character Rocky Balboa in the film.
_	The sketchy black outline of each character gives the feeling that they are jiving to Mason’s symphony of texture and color.
_	I've had the feeling that a selfish player when he becomes captain . . . gets a little less out of his players than someone who is not selfish.
_	'cause chaos among the Palestinians and Syrians in Lebanon, without leaving an Israeli fingerprint, to give them the feeling that they were constantly under attack and to instill them with a sense of insecurity.
_	Vronskaya said of the workshop "The most exciting thing about Triangle was the feeling that I could do anything".
_	This will help reinforce the feeling that the child is capable of controlling their bladder.
_	The prospect of the entry into the new stadium (the AEL FC Arena) and the feeling that the near-mishap last season had taught a lesson, created expectations of great things for the 2010–11 season, accompanied by large investments in player transfers.
_	The title was more to do with recapturing the feeling that you got when you listened to her debut, a feeling Kim called "cocaine raps".
_	With this she hangs up and resumes the story which she had been telling her grandson, happy with the feeling that she had finally given "maat" to Saman after all.
_	If people saw a show they should get the feeling that they could do that themselves; that is what rock & roll is all about.
_	He must have been aware of the feeling that, as in the earlier split in the party between 1916 and 1923, Liberals of whatever stripe had a common Liberalism to bind them.
_	On January 27, 2014, in an interview with "XXL", T.I. revealed the concept for the album, stating "people forgot the feeling that you got when [you] watched "Boyz n the Hood" for the first time.
_	She said that sometimes it seemed to be her own thought 'but I don't get the feeling that it is'.
_	He spoke workers and spectators, closing with this statement: "I leave here today with the feeling that this work is well undertaken; that we are going ahead with a useful project, and we are going to see it through for the benefit of our country."
_	[It] transcends panic and terror and even despair [and] leaves you in the quiet immensities, with the feeling that you have spent time, and have been permanently tinted, by and with an impersonal larger-than-God force."
_	I would much rather have had the feeling that they thought it mattered what Radio 3 did."
_	Speaking at a meeting in London, he expressed his disbelief that Morris was not of German descent: "I feel such a closeness to him that I always have the feeling that he cannot be an Englishman, he must be a German."
_	These mails came at unpredictable intervals and were supposed to give readers the feeling that they had some connection with these characters.
_	Part of the reason JIJK felt a need to establish its own schools was the feeling that the Indian educational system was threatening Kashmir’s Islamic culture.
_	Stephen Thomas Erlewine states "even the handful of undeniably strong moments can't erase the feeling that Roxy Music were beginning to run out of ideas."
_	Tindersticks member David Boulter later selected it as his least favorite Tindersticks album, remarking: "It has a feeling of something that was lost—the feeling that the band hadn't been great for a couple of albums."
_	When asked how painful it had been to be asked to let Hamilton go by, Rosberg said: "It was more painful the feeling that I had in the car.
_	According from Matt Schiavenza, ""The British destruction of Beijing's Summer Palace in the 19th century encapsulates how the emotion played a major role in forming modern China"", citing that Chinese, regardless of any circumstances, still hold the feeling that the West doesn't respect China and has attempted to dismantle China for hundred years, since the First Opium War.
_	Josef Zankowicz, who managed the firm's publicity during this period, later commented: "We had the feeling that we might get sued—actually, we prayed to get sued.
_	In the feeling that a woman's care is beneficial for his pupils, he quit the priesthood in 1813, adopted the Evangelic confession and married a former assistant of his.
_	Roger Ebert wrote "here is Robert Altman's "Vincent and Theo", another film that generates the feeling that we are in the presence of a man in the act of creation."
_	There are quite a few cuts on Trophy that have that fun and spicy side to the singer, such as the quite outspoken title cut, a track that one gets the feeling that Loretta Lynn could have pulled off quite easily circa 1972, writes Sounds Like Nashville.
_	Always the feeling that Christoph favored his sister Julia over him, father and son clash many times.
_	Despite the feeling that QFT was imperfect and lacking rigor, its methods were extended to new areas of applications.
_	Mallet listens to all this with the feeling that fortune has played an elaborately devised trick on him; that just as he had finally found love, it had been stolen away because of his own act of generosity.
_	I just want it to have the feeling that brings you out of whatever you’re going through.
_	The title, "No Gravity" comes from the feeling that musicians feels while playing.
_	The War Department also had concerns: they wanted to make sure that the film's portrayal of the departing soldiers "should result in giving the audience the feeling that these boys are normal, thoroughly fit American soldiers who have had an evening of clean fun."
_	He said he went directly home, lay down on his bed, and prepared to die with the feeling that maybe it was his time, and that he could not fight it, so he surrendered himself to God.
_	Ben Bruce has expressed the feeling that the band's lyrical style before "Reckless and Relentless" was immature.
_	In addition to the many positive aspects of the Apollo archetype such as order, reason, moderation, harmoniousness, and unemotional perfection, archetypal psychologist James Hillman suggests that the archetype may also manifest as a negative potential if it becomes overly dominant: "Apollo certainly presents a pattern that is disastrous, destructive for psychological life, cut off from everything that has to do with feminine ways, whether Cassandra or Creusa or Daphne — whomever he touches goes wrong — so that you have the feeling that Apollo simply doesn't belong where there is psyche."
_	Shortly after winning the prize Mahfouz was quoted as saying "The Nobel Prize has given me, for the first time in my life, the feeling that my literature could be appreciated on an international level.
_	Eichmann said towards the end of the war that he would "leap laughing into the grave because the feeling that he had five million people on his conscience would be for him a source of extraordinary satisfaction."
_	Most historians now believe that Eisenhower's nomination was primarily due to the feeling that he was a "sure winner" against the Democrats; most of the delegates were conservatives who would probably have supported Taft if they felt he could have won the general election.
_	Moore was later to write that Rothenstein "gave me the feeling that there was no barrier, no limit to what a young provincial student could get to be and do".
_	Finally it came to life the feeling that it is impossible to engage in agricultural production as the production activity of which can be live or something and make money.
_	The press dubbed the game 'The Dustbin Final' due in part to the feeling that the game had been "rubbish" but also for the bad reaction by Blackburn fans to the victorious Wolves team as they paraded the cup being pelted with match programmes, paper cups and other rubbish accumulated in the stands during the game.
_	Not long after, Will had the feeling that the late Rose was stalking him; he even saw her and heard her voice on the answering machine.
_	Bloom sums up Wright's controversial stance as, "Wright’s tone is reasoned and careful, even hesitant, throughout, and it is nice to read about issues like the morality of Christ and the meaning of jihad without getting the feeling that you are being shouted at.
_	In the interview, Mrs. Hoppenstedt explains her participation in the course that as a housewife and mother, when the children are out of the house, she wants to have the feeling that she is standing on her own feet, and wants to have "something of her own", a ""Jodeldiplom"."
_	However, the repeated failures have not dampened the feeling that England could again reach those heights ("Three lions on a shirt / Jules Rimet still gleaming / Thirty years of hurt / never stopped me dreaming").
_	"ZDNet"s Adrian Kingsley-Hughes wrote that "it's hard to not come away from the last week with the feeling that Apple is slipping".
_	Another indicator is the feeling that too much of the story is incomplete when the false ending comes, making it feel like there has to be more.
_	Important oboe solos in this key in the orchestral literature include the second movement of Tchaikovsky's Symphony No. 4, which depicts "the feeling that you get when you are all alone" in Tchaikovsky's words.
_	Many white women were not greeted or welcomed by most blacks there because they did not want their help because of the feeling that whites were trying to take over their movement.
_	They're enjoyable because you get the feeling that the crew had a brilliant time making them.
_	When Olyphant is on screen, there's the feeling that things might go anywhere."
_	With Young Justice once again in full force, the team decides to take a vote on who should become team leader, due to the feeling that despite Robin's return, they question whether or not he deserves the position of leader, particularly in light of having quit the team so abruptly.
_	The group part of this therapy helps the veterans develop the feeling that they belong because of the other veterans that are experiencing the same problems.
_	At the start of the 1973–74 season he was made a player coach, such was the feeling that he was a natural leader as well as a solid defender.
_	I thank you from my heart for your openness with me & I should dread the feeling that you were concealing your opinions from the fear of giving me pain.
_	Hecker constantly struggled with the feeling that God had abandoned him and that his life was useless.
_	The duo's debut album "Känslan av att jorden krymper växer" ("the feeling that the Earth shrinks grows") was to be released in Sweden by Silence Records on November 16, 2005, but due to errors in the printing of its phosphorescent cover, the release was delayed.
_	She gave a number of papers and made the return journey "with the feeling that the gloom of Europe would soon descend, and that this brilliant, sunny and friendly land would be blotted from my memory" (Mann: "The Chase").
_	A disorder related to UB consists of the feeling that a body part is separate from the rest of the body and has a mind of its own.
_	Technological advancements offered people conveniences, but it also gave people the feeling that they were beings that drifted across the Internet, similar to data, unable to anchor onto their physical selves.
_	Fujisawa said, "I always have the feeling that I'd be no match for him ... I'm far below his level".
_	Allied with the other aspects of ritual in Ozu's techniques, it reinforces the feeling that we are watching a representative life cycle."
_	In their "Japanese Cinema Encyclopedia: The Sex Films", the Weissers write, "the unsettling nature of this denouement generates considerably more tension than the standard thriller, as the viewer can't shake the feeling that the story hasn't ended at all.
_	The lyrics of the song deal with love and relationships, and the feeling that comes when Cosgrove is kissing her boyfriend.
_	The story is really about his half-hearted efforts to achieve this; the contrast between the feeling that he must stand up for his honour and that of not wanting to get hurt or killed, despite his suggestion to Machado of a suicide pact .
_	For the players, the sense of entitlement and the feeling that they could do whatever they wanted to reach an all-time high.
_	The reason for this self-destruction is the remorse born out of the feeling that the last man he hanged was an innocent.
_	Patrick Bromley of DVD Verdict gave the episode a B− grade, claiming the "rather large dose of sentimentality" and "fewer moments of absurdity" in the episode gave it "the feeling that it belongs in one of the series' earlier seasons".
_	She said, "It was the first time that I had the feeling that we were not all equal...
_	Explaining his passion for taking gambles, Weisman told the "Los Angeles Times", "I've always had the feeling that if I was curious about something, the public is probably curious too.
_	NowGamer scored the game 7.5, calling "Panel de Pon" the "highlight of the disc", but remarking that it's "hard to shake the feeling that this is little more than a cheap cashin."
_	Later on Hegel writes about the great pain of knowing that God is dead "The pure concept, however, or infinity, as the abyss of nothingness in which all being sinks, must characterize the infinite pain, which previously was only in culture historically and as the feeling on which rests modern religion, the feeling that God Himself is dead, (the feeling which was uttered by Pascal, though only empirically, in his saying:
_	Throughout the book, her character struggles with the feeling that something is outside of her that was once a part of her, and that because that part no longer lives, she can’t be a whole person.
_	After several years, Schneider grew tired of the long working hours his position required of him and frustrated with the feeling that he never had time to enjoy his youth.
_	Bilge Ebiri of the magazine "New York" said, "You can't shake the feeling that in a just world, all these women – even Kate Upton – would have better material than this."
_	You rarely get the feeling that children in sitcoms are real.
_	Est told journalists: "I had the feeling that I was taking that bend badly but I so much wanted to keep the yellow jersey, so I went flat out and off I flew.
_	Farberow described this as a time of “attraction and excitement in the feeling that we were into a relatively unexplored area of vital community concern.”
_	The persistency of work like this can only justify the feeling that the root of this un-American warfare is due, not so much to what is seen or known of the deeds of missionaries, but the opposition to Christianity itself.
_	Distrust by Christians was mostly directed at Makianese and Ternate migrants in Tobelo, as was aired to a political delegation including the Sultan of Ternate and the interim governor sent to Tobelo on 7 December, however rumors of a "bloody Christmas" or "bloody Ramadan" to purge the opposing faith from Halmahera were spread through both communities and intensified the feeling that further violence was inevitable.
_	If the scene was entirely innocent it would surely be taking place in daylight and the positioning of the spectator at about the eye level of the children enhances the feeling that the viewer is entering the secret world of the child with its attendant moral ambiguity.
_	Lauren is hiding the fact that she has lost her virginity to Carter from Kaylie, while trying to get him to go out with her instead and struggling to fight the feeling that Summer is trying to replace her mother or is after her father's money.
_	The differences between North and South India, both as in languages as well as in social structure, were compounded in Tamil Nadu through the feeling that the nation was dominated by the North and that the South had been both neglected and exploited.
_	The narrator gets into his car and, with the feeling that he has witnessed a sequel to the movie that Hollywood never made, leaves the place.
_	It was quite magical and I had the feeling that my dream came true."
_	McPherson cited the need to make transformative change in healthcare and management of the economy, as well as the feeling that she could better advocate for her constituents and use her skills and abilities better in the Alberta Party.
_	Even when a story says that you can't, the emotional impact arises from the feeling that you should be able to."
