_	Meanwhile, Mona is visited by someone in a red coat at Radley Sanitarium and tells the figure that she did every thing they asked her to do.
_	The sociologist Rhonda Hammer of University of California, Los Angeles, writes that Sommers, despite her debunking of the figure that there is a 40% increase of domestic violence incidents associated with the annual Super Bowl game, went too far in claiming that "no study shows that Super Bowl Sunday is in any way different from other days in the amount of domestic violence".
_	On his grave was erected a statue with the figure that everyone remembers, his long coat, scarf and umbrella, like an old fashion gentleman.
_	Chaslesian shell is the figure that Peirce exploits:
_	The instructions are as follows: (1) choose your ideal figure; (2) choose the figure that reflects how you think you look; (3) choose the figure that reflects how you feel most of the time; (4) choose the figure that you think is most preferred by men; (5) choose the figure that you think is most preferred by women; and (6) pick the opposite sex figure that you find most attractive.
_	(186) In response to this, Galarte argued that “Moraga’s text forces transgender folks to bear the burden of proving loyalty to a nation as well as being the figure that is the exemplar of race, sex, and gender abjection and liberation" (131-32).
_	Fulrad is viewed as the figure that truly helped develop the growing kingdom of Francia.
_	Appropriately, the 16.2 m (53 ft) Buddha (completed 752) enshrined in the main Buddha hall, or "Daibutsuden", is a Rushana Buddha, the figure that represents the essence of Buddhahood, just as the Tōdaiji represented the center for Imperially sponsored Buddhism and its dissemination throughout Japan.
_	Appropriately, the 16.2-m (53-ft) Buddha (completed 752) enshrined in the main Buddha hall, or "Daibutsuden", is a Rushana Buddha, the figure that represents the essence of Buddhahood, just as the Tōdaiji represented the center for Imperially sponsored Buddhism and its dissemination throughout Japan.
_	The song, along with three other tracks from "Monolith" ("On the Other Side", "Reason to Be", "Away from You"), depict the group performing on stage (except "Reason to Be" which shows the group performing in a cave) where they are looked upon by the figure that appears on the cover to "Monolith".
_	Königsfeld could only reach the figure that it has today – roughly 1,400 – through the amalgamation of six outlying communities.
_	Unexpectedly, the figure that was delivered was of the Divina Pastora.
_	The referee softly boiled the business to the figure that was undone by winning was announced from the referee "it will be an assessment match this time, so if you lose it will be banned Reina".
_	Sticking with her party's view that University constituents shouldn't be separated from other constituents giving the figure that out of 2000 student voters who voted for her only one wrote in to say university representation should continue and that she read that to her party but as it was only one who wanted this, she was representing her university constituents by voting the university TDs should be abolished.
_	Often depicted is a figure with a horse, birds and sometimes a spear – that some scholars interpret as a representation of the Germanic god Wodan – and aspects of the figure that would later appear in 13th century depictions as Odin such as the Poetic Edda.
_	Amongst the inconsistencies is that the fox, not the wolf, is the figure that argues with and finds fault in the husbandman; the "woods of the world" are not traversed by the husbandman, in spite of the moralitas suggesting it is applicable to all men; Farber argues that even assuming the moral to be true is problematic, since it apparently suggests that the godly man must bribe the figure of the judge, and that this does not affect his godly status.
_	Bolgi laboured for a decade on the figure that epitomised his career and, in some degree, his detraction:
_	His years at Aris lifted Greek basketball from relative obscurity, to global power status, with Galis being the figure that eventually inspired thousands of Greeks to take up the game.
_	I wished to find the light within the figure that I was presenting.
_	The institutions sketched above – assembly, officeholders, council, courts – are incomplete without the figure that drove the whole system, "Ho boulomenos", he who wishes, or anyone who wishes.
_	"Perhaps in a while we will reach the figure that is given by the South Ossetian authorities," one representative said.
_	As for Banville's idealized Pierrot, it is best appreciated if set against the figure that we find in the scenarios themselves.
_	Simone de Beauvoir wrote that "no biological, psychological or economic fate determines the figure that the human female presents in society" and "one is not born, but rather becomes, a woman," an idea that was picked up in 1959 by Canadian-American sociologist Erving Goffman and in 1990 by American philosopher Judith Butler, who theorized that gender is not fixed or inherent but is rather a socially defined set of practices and traits that have, over time, grown to become labelled as feminine or masculine.
_	Later, the emperor Tiberius became so enamored of the figure that he had it removed to his bedroom.
_	The Virgin is the figure that is fainting and the others are the ones surrounding and supporting her.
_	Saladin gave a loud cry, exclaiming that Sinan himself was the figure that left the tent.
_	Consequently, the offender’s victim is used as a surrogate for the figure that caused the killer to feel emotionally invalidated.
_	Rather than seeking or identifying with the phallic mother, libido may instead be directed at the figure that has been termed the phallus-girl.
_	Saladin gave a loud cry, exclaiming that Sinan himself was the figure that had left the tent.
_	Wilder analyzes the chained and blinded depiction of the figure that is Seymour's mother and tying the form to her bound to servitude to Seymour in his descent into madness.
_	When a company was formed two years ago this month to further develop the property it was not anticipated that the output would reach anything like the figure that are now shown.
_	It can be seen from the figure that, for any feasible solution outside the efficient set, it is possible to improve both objectives by some points on the efficient set.
_	Few can resist the impression of a real mind, real emotions, in the figure that glares from his marble seat.
_	With the lines he expresses the feeling in the figure that he draws.
_	But in darkness there is always a light, which in this case is symbolized by a burning candle, and the figure that holds its eyes in its hands, showing a piece of the world as seen through our eyes."
_	Clear cels were laid over each sheet and all portions of the figure that except the areas that were exposed for the later camera passes were manually black out.
_	It can be seen from the figure that profit will be positive in the region between the points B and C. Initially with increase in profits, the staff expenditure the discretionary profits also increase, but this is only till the point Π, that is, till S level of staff expenditure.
_	This number represents only half of the total Jewish population, reflecting the community's mistrust of the organization, but it was the figure that Adolf Eichmann presented as the total number of Jews in Belgium at the Wannsee Conference in January 1942.
_	The Home Office have also stated that they "do not endorse or use the figure that 80 per cent of prostitutes are controlled by others".
_	It can be seen from the figure that Cu(110) shows a faster reaction rate and a lower activation energy.
_	It is evident from the figure that the Earth's rotation has slowed at a decreasing rate since the initiation of the current system in 1971, and the rate of leap second insertions has therefore been decreasing.
_	Thus he first met the figure that would haunt him for the rest of his life: Lucrezia Mongfish.
_	It has also remains a sculpture of a woman with a child, some researchers identify with la Abundance, the figure that named the fountain.
_	Merton, however, had been continuously expanding and maturing his spiritual perspectives, and soon realized the irony of the public's continuing interest in the figure that he presented in "The Seven Storey Mountain".
_	The pneuma given in the Sarum and Ratisbon antiphonaries (or Roman Catholic ritual music-books) as a typical passage in the first Gregorian mode (or the notes in the natural scale running from "d" to "d" ["re" to "re"]), almost exactly outlines the figure that prevails throughout the Hebrew air, in all its variants, and reproduces one favorite strain with still closer agreement.
_	Second Sides is almost always the last couple to dance, and is therefore a good place for beginners to start, as they get more time to watch the demonstrations of the figure that the other couples give.
_	In addition, it assumes the former sanctioning powers of the Civil Governor, directs integrated territorial services and appoints the Subdelegate of the Government, which is the figure that properly replaces that of civilian governors.
_	This was over 10% of the Cornish electorate, the figure that the government had stated was the criteria for calling a referendum on the issue.
_	The patient provides a verbal response identifying the figure that was drawn.
_	In a review of the book The Huffington Post recalled Edwards’ disappearance, adding ‘perhaps this is the figure that Guy Mankowski had in mind when he began to pen his latest novel’.
_	The program quickly crashed as the computer could not handle the figure that Tandy typed in as his salary, and the two men added support for floating-point math to its
_	He measured the diameter of the pupil of a dark-adapted eye to be 1/3 inch (8mm), which was larger than the figure that was believed at that time.
_	Unexpectedly, the figure that was delivered was of the Divina Pastora.
_	Directly evident in the Gathas is the description as the strongest, the sturdiest, the most active, the swiftest, and the most awe-inspiring of youths (Yasna 57.13), and as the figure that the poor look to for support (57.10).
_	Instead, the figure that Christians worshipped was a "traditional Jesus", recorded in the Gospels from an oral tradition that was not really biographical.
_	Transparent purple plastic attachments came with the figure that could alter the size and appearance of the weapon.
_	Melozzo's majestic figure of Christ, with windblown cloak, demonstrates a degree of foreshortening of the figure that had also been employed by Andrea Mantegna, but was not usual in the frescos of Florentine painters.
_	Note from the figure that
_	According to some modern scholars, he was much more complex than the figure that has been firmly established in post-war reputation.
_	In Iris's sketchbook, Kristen finds a sketch of the figure that had attacked her, with the name "Alice Hudson", a former patient at the hospital, written on top.
_	Dar'khan then finds the figure that stopped the Felhound, who proves to be Sylvanas Windrunner, former general of elven forces.
_	Appropriately, the 16.2-m (53-ft) Buddha or Daibutsu (completed in 752) enshrined in the main hall is a Rushana Buddha, the figure that represents the essence of Buddhahood, just as Tōdai-ji represented the centre for imperially sponsored Buddhism and its dissemination throughout Japan.
_	Consider these four basic blocks (A, B, C, D) as shown in the figure that correspond to a simple if-else loop.
_	Ercilla, the poet-soldier, eventually emerges as the true hero of his own poem, and he is the figure that gives the poem unity and strength.
_	This is the figure that was used to calculate the required size of the HL-42.
