_	Similarly, Carnoy, Rothstein, Lawrence Mishel and Rebecca Jacobsen have contributed to the debate on charter schools through their book "The Charter School Dust-Up", wherein they compare student enrollment and achievement in charter and public schools and explain the finding that students in the later tend on average to academically outperform students in the former.
_	It is also found that psychopathology and substance abuse often exist before the onset of homelessness, supporting the finding that mental disorders are a strong risk factor for homelessness.
_	This foreshadowed the modern understanding of color vision, in particular the finding that the eye does indeed have three color receptors which are sensitive to different wavelength ranges.
_	The extension of the model underlies the urban system literature and gives rise to the finding that cities will differ in size to account for the factor rewards associated with traded goods of varying degrees of return to scale and intensity of land use.
_	The initial Oracle v. Google trial ended in May 2012, with the finding that Google did not infringe on Oracle's patents, and the trial judge ruled that the structure of the Java application programming interfaces (APIs) used by Google was not copyrightable.
_	National's Superman copyright was held valid but the McClure strip was not under copyright, and the finding that Captain Marvel was an infringement of that copyright was affirmed.
_	The gender gaps in mathematics and reading achievement refer to the finding that, on average, the two sexes perform differently in mathematics and reading skills on tests.
_	On the basis of these observations and the finding that the level of hyperactivation events is reduced when chemotactically responsive spermatozoa swim in a spatial chemoattractant gradient it was proposed that turns and hyperactivation events are suppressed when capacitated spermatozoa swim up a chemoattractant gradient, and vice versa when they swim down a gradient.
_	Additional evidence for this mechanism is provided by the finding that with a para tert-butyl substituent the reaction is retarded.
_	Support for this associative mechanism is the finding that Me3SnOH exists in solution as the dimer (MeSn)(μ-OH).
_	The building of bridge restaurants in Britain stopped because of the fire risks, because they were regarded as an obstacle for road widening in the future, and because of the finding that drivers do not find any rest when they are still watching the traffic.
_	The infant's mother, Cheryl Dietzmann, has contested the finding that Anderson shot his own son and in February 2009 filed against the U.S. Marshals asking for seventy-five million dollars in damages.
_	The Court of Appeal argued that the finding that new circumstances and values limited the scope of criminal law constituted "a redistribution of legislative powers in Canada" that section 31 guards against.
_	The court also affirmed the finding that the three individual officers had qualified immunity and as such could not be sued.
_	Carver and White's 1994 BIS/BAS scales were used to support the finding that employees high in BIS (avoidance motivation) show lower work performance and engagement, while employees high in BAS (approach motivation) show higher performance in rewarding situations only.
_	The piriform (pear-shaped) morphology of the uterus has been given as the major cause for the finding that most singletons favor the cephalic presentation at term.
_	miR-138 has been used as an example of the post-transcriptional regulation of miRNA, due to the finding that while the precursor is expressed ubiquitously, the mature product is found only in specific cell types.
_	This use of flashcards at later stages of the process is based on psychological principles of long-term memory storage and retrieval, in particular the spacing effect (the phenomenon whereby learning is greater when studying is spread out over time) and the testing effect (the finding that long-term memory is increased when some of the learning period is devoted to retrieving the to-be-remembered information through testing).
_	The Caucuses were formed in response to the finding that 14.3 million children go home alone after the school day ends, including more than 40,000 kindergartners and almost four million middle school students in grades six to eight.
_	Endogenous cannabinoids are believed to exhibit an analgesic effect on these receptors by limiting both GABA and glutamate of PAG cells that relate to nociceptive input processing, a hypothesis consistent with the finding that anandamide release in the PAG is increased in response to pain-triggering stimuli.
_	The government appealed against the City Court's judgment as concerned the finding of a breach of Article 3 of the Convention, while Breivik appealed as concerned the finding that Article 8 had not been breached.
_	Early medical trials of humans taking desomorphine have resulted in the finding that, like morphine and most other analgesics of the morphine type, small amounts are highly addictive and tolerance to the drug develops quickly.
_	Flashcards are an application of the testing effect − the finding that long-term memory is increased when some of the learning period is devoted to retrieving the information through testing with proper feedback.
_	Key studies of the phonological deficit hypothesis include the finding that the strongest predictor of reading success in school age children is phonological awareness, and that phonological awareness instruction can improve decoding skills for children with reading difficulties.
_	Before the 2006–07 season, the competition was known as "Divizia A", but the name had to be changed following the finding that someone else had registered that trademark.
_	Evidence showing this defense function include the finding that slugs will eat leaves drained of their latex but not intact ones, that many insects sever the veins carrying latex before they feed, and that the latex of "Asclepias humistrata" (sandhill milkweed) kills by trapping 30% of newly hatched monarch butterfly caterpillars.
_	A study of six autopsies of six patients who died from moyamoya disease lead to the finding that there is evidence that supports the theory that there is a thickening, or proliferation, of the innermost layer of the vessels affected by moyamoya.
_	Hence the finding that patient outcomes are not improved with use of spironolactone.
_	As Hughes emphasized in finishing his opinion, the Court accepted the finding that the Communist Party was constantly engaged in criminal syndicalism and attempting to overthrow the government, in Multnomah County and elsewhere.
_	In any case, although the reason for the increased overall mortality with 150 mg/day bicalutamide monotherapy has not been fully elucidated, it has been said that the finding that heart failure was twice as frequent in the bicalutamide group warrants further investigation.
_	Consistent with this alternative view is the finding that hypercoordinated molecules based on fluorine ligands, for example PF do not have hydride counterparts e.g. phosphorane PH which is unknown.
_	"The arrests grew out of an investigation, which had been quietly going on for three or four weeks, following the finding that several Wiley high school boys were in possession of an obscene publication based on a current strip in the Sunday papers.
_	Timothy Moore, who testified on Judas Priest's behalf, stated that the plaintiffs (led by McKenna) achieved "a major victory in getting the case to trial in the first place;" The case was dismissed, with the finding that any subliminal messages within the recording, should they actually exist, were not responsible for the suicides.
_	The Utah Court of Appeals affirmed Judge Oddone's original decision to terminate the parental rights of the father and affirmed the finding that the father was an unfit parent.
_	There are also secondary impacts, including the finding that mosquitos which transmit malaria and tsetse flies in Africa shelter within the bushes of "L. camara".
_	Denis Parsons Burkitt FRS (28 February 1911 – 23 March 1993) was a surgeon who made significant advances in health, such as the etiology of a pediatric cancer, now called Burkitt's lymphoma, and the finding that the rates of colorectal cancer is higher in those who eat limited dietary fiber.
_	One basis for this idea was the finding that Dolly's telomeres were short, which is typically a result of the aging process.
_	Taking into account that C4c is deeply rooted in the Asian portion of the mtDNA phylogeny and is indubitably of Asian origin, the finding that C4c and X2a are characterized by parallel genetic histories definitively dismisses the controversial hypothesis of an Atlantic glacial entry route into North America."
_	State-dependent learning refers to the finding that people recall more information when their physiological state is the same at encoding and retrieval.
_	Promising results for the usefulness of an ACC inhibitor include the finding that ACC2 -/- mice (mice with no expression of ACC2) have continuous fatty acid oxidation, reduced body fat mass, and reduced body weight despite an increase in food consumption.
_	However, the appellate court upheld the finding that the producers involved breached their duty of loyalty as employees to Food Lion, and had trespassed, including a nominal $2 fine.
_	The appeal to the finding that the 2010 blanket ban was inconsistent with the section 12(a) of the Bill of Rights was dismissed on May 26, 2017 in Taylor v Attorney General NZCA 215.
_	Convicted and levied a nominal $25 fine, Coleman appealed the case all the way to the Connecticut Supreme Court as a test of freedom of speech rights, ultimately seeing his conviction overturned with the finding that state and local ordinances giving public officials control over citizens' permission to speak were unconstitutional.
_	While TNF is widely believed to play an important role in the formation of granulomas (which is further supported by the finding that in animal models of mycobacterial granuloma formation inhibition of either TNF or IFN-γ production inhibits granuloma formation), sarcoidosis can and does still develop in persons being treated with TNF antagonists like etanercept.
_	The trigger for developing this system was the Pécrot disaster in March 2001 when two trains collided head-on because a driver had passed a red signal, highlighting the finding that the majority of lines, no system prevented the train from passing a stop signal.
_	The second finding, "semantic facilitation", explains the finding that naming the ink of congruent stimuli is faster (e.g. when the ink color and the word match) than when neutral stimuli are present (e.g. stimulus 3; when only a coloured square is shown).
_	Grant also emphasized the finding that Medicaid was significantly associated with reduced medical debt and out-of-pocket spending.
_	The first suggestion that glutamate might function as a transmitter came from T. Hayoshi in 1952, who was motivated by the finding that injections of glutamate into the cerebral ventricles of dogs could cause them to have seizures.
_	The ruling was based on the finding that the company and its agents engaged in labor trafficking, fraud, racketeering and discrimination, News India Times reported at that time.
_	Evidence that cyclin D1 is required for tumorigenesis includes the finding that inactivation of cyclin D1 by anti-sense or gene deletion reduced breast tumor and gastrointestinal tumor growth in vivo.
_	This is particularly useful when considering the finding that different effects can be observed using radiation of different wavelengths.
_	Those who doubt the validity of the diagnosis cite the finding that diffuse cerebral swelling is more common in children and adolescents as an explanation for the greater frequency of SIS diagnoses in young people.
_	Ekman's most influential work revolved around the finding that certain emotions appeared to be universally recognized, even in cultures that were preliterate and could not have learned associations for facial expressions through media.
_	Studying the adoption of pineapple farming - which requires carefully calibrated agricultural inputs - in Ghana, Udry and Timothy Conley argue that farmers' adoption of pineapple farming displays social learning based on the finding that farmers imitate the input settings of those farmers in their "information neighbourhood" that have been surprisingly successful in earlier seasons.
_	The rationale for a joint police/mental health unit was the finding that the main danger of death or serious injury to politicians in Western Europe came from attacks by people suffering from a mental health illness, who had given warnings of what they might do in the form of inappropriate, harassing or threatening communications or approaches towards the politicians in question.
_	One issue that generated some discussion was the finding that the geons were viewpoint invariant with little or no cost in the speed or accuracy of recognizing or matching a geon from an orientation in depth not previously experienced.
_	However, the main contribution of the niche theory is probably the finding that "generalism is not always optimal in uncertain environments".
_	Investigations in the early 1980s yielded the finding that old building work stretched from the tower along the "Weiherpfad" (path) almost all the way to Hauptstraße (“Main Street”).
_	The discoveries of Dr. Jarvis and his collaborators include the first findings of natural behaviorally regulated gene expression in the brain, social context dependent gene regulation, convergent vocal learning systems across distantly related animal groups, the FOXP2 gene in vocal learning birds, and the finding that vocal learning systems may have evolved out of ancient motor learning systems.
_	The Court accepted the finding that appellants failed to demonstrate that the statute was "the product of a state contrivance to segregate on the basis of race or place of origin," and therefore upheld the District Court's decision.
_	The is a name for the finding that, given evidence against their beliefs, people can reject the evidence and believe even more strongly.
_	Ross first came into prominence when he coined the term "fundamental attribution error" to describe the finding that people are predisposed towards attributing another person's behavior to individual characteristics and attitudes, even when it is relatively clear that the person's behavior was a result of situational demands (Ross, 1977;
_	Interest in the lower sulfur oxides has increased because of the need to understand terrestrial atmospheric sulfur pollution and the finding that the extraterrestrial atmospheres of Io, one of Jupiter's moons, and Venus contain significant amounts of sulfur oxides.
_	This conclusion was based on the finding that reactions of tertiary alkyl halides with nucleophiles were dependent on the concentration of the alkyl halide only.
_	In addition, the finding that the Bezwoda study was false further drove the point that the treatment was not of significant benefit compared to standard treatment, because it was the only study that suggested a degree of recurrence-free survival benefit from HDC/BMT.
_	Of particular interest to Gladwell was the finding that just three friends of the stockbroker provided the final link for half of the letters that arrived successfully.
_	Common to Barry and at least one person on whom she had reported is the finding that also their mental representation of space changed after having acquired stereo vision: that even with one eye closed the feeling is to see "more" than seeing with one eye closed before recovering stereopsis.
_	In upholding the appeal, the Labour Appeal Court restored the commissioner’s award, based on the finding that the Labour Court had wrongly treated the matter as an appeal rather than a review, and accordingly ordered that the commissioner’s arbitration award be restored.
_	However, there is a requirement for the JPA to make the finding that the financing would result in significant public benefit prior to bond.
_	This led to the finding that the nervous system in vertebrates is formed as a default when early embryonic cells do not receive inductive signals to become mesoderm or endoderm.
_	These attributes were observed in conjunction with the finding that Palaeopropithecidae experienced prolonged periods of gestation.
_	This hypothesis explains many findings related to episodic memory, but fails to explain the finding that diminishing the top-down memory cues given to patients with bilateral posterior parietal lobe damage had little effect on memory performance.
_	The Secretary of State appealed this ruling to the Supreme Court, questioning not only the appellate court's finding on the required standard of proof, but also challenging the finding that a separate intent to give up citizenship was required (as opposed merely to the performance of a designated expatriating act).
_	Powerful evidence in support of the Cinderella effect comes from the finding that when abusive parents have both step and genetic children, they generally spare their genetic children.
_	After many studies on immunological tolerance, Green's work on cell death began with his discovery of activation-induced apoptosis in T lymphocytes, the role of c-Myc in this process and the finding that Bcl-2 cooperates with Myc in oncogenesis by blocking apoptosis.
_	As evidenced by the finding that the interaction of politics at the workplace and agreeableness predicted interpersonal facilitation, organizations need to recognize that both individual differences and situational constraints influence contextual performance.
_	However, this left undisturbed the finding that a free and open-source license nonetheless has economic value.
_	For example, in "Commercial Radio Coffs Harbour v Fuller", the finding that there was no inconsistency between Federal and State laws depended on all three tests.
_	In addition to the finding that student demographic characteristics concerning their family size, educational materials in the home, and their parents' socioeconomic status, the study found that schools with more than 10% immigrant students had greater achievement gaps between immigrant and descendant PISA scores and the scores of native Danish students.
_	Of special interest to plant scientists is the finding that the transcription of this gene is responsive to environmental stress, more specifically wounding and pathogen infection by the fungal biotroph Erysiphe cichoracearum.
_	Further evidence comes from the finding that transgenic mice that express a mutant form of the human APP gene develop fibrillar amyloid plaques and Alzheimer's-like brain pathology with spatial learning deficits.
_	This research provoked controversy due to the finding that the positively selected variants of these genes had spread to higher frequencies in some parts of the world than in others (for ASPM, it is higher in Europe and surrounding regions than other parts of the world; for MCPH1, it is higher outside sub-Saharan Africa than inside).
_	Dark field microscopy initially had the finding that the spirochete has a corkscrew appearance and that it is spirillar and gram (-) bacteria.
_	Supporting this is the finding that the compound 2,4,5-trihydroxyphenylglyoxylic acid has been isolated from members of both "Austropaxillus" and "Serpula".
_	Black CJ, Lockhart & Beaumont JJ held that the finding that Langer intended to breach the order was fully justified and upheld his conviction for contempt.
_	Significant contributions include the finding that contrary to the previously established paradigm, cholera induces a pro-inflammatory response in afflicted humans, and that this response correlates with magnitude and duration of immunity against cholera.
_	If the finding that the mass of the halo is comparable to the mass of the Milky Way is confirmed, it could be the identity of the missing baryons around the Milky Way.
_	Consistent with the finding that Numb only supports differentiation and not proliferation in asymmetric division, the 66 kDa Drosophilia protein is analogous to a shorter mammalian isoform lacking the PRR insert and thus promoting cell differentiation.
_	This finding is somewhat incongruent with the finding that boys tend to have higher feelings of invulnerability (and thus risk-taking behavior) than girls.
_	A role for CAP/Ponsin in macrophage function was illuminated by the finding that mice harboring "SORBS1"-deficient macrophages in bone marrow was protective against high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance and showed reduced inflammation.
_	Merzenich and William Jenkins (1990) initiated studies relating sensory experience, without pathological perturbation, to cortically observed plasticity in the primate somatosensory system, with the finding that sensory sites activated in an attended operant behavior increase in their cortical representation.
_	In March 2002, the Government decided not to go ahead with phase 2 of the scoping study due to the finding that an enormous amount of public funding would be required for the massive infrastructure project.
_	Mood-congruent memory has been demonstrated by the finding that emotional material is remembered more reliably in moods that match the emotional content of these memories.
_	The fact that a number of the new high-quality trials ... have negative results, and a recent update of our review for the most "original" subtype of homeopathy (classical or individualized homeopathy), seem to confirm the finding that more rigorous trials have less-promising results.
_	Due to the developmental implications of forming healthy parent-child relationships in early infancy, the finding that egg donor mothers were less sensitive and structuring towards their infants raises concern about attachment styles among egg donor families, and the impacts it may have on infants’ future socioemotional development.
_	The role of schreckstoff in immune response was further strengthened by the finding that skin extracts from fathead minnows inhibited the growth of "Saprolegnia ferax" (a water mould) in culture.
_	In 2015, the court ultimately upheld the finding that Universal was liable under 17 USC 512(f) (the DMCA's bad faith notice and takedown provision) for failing to consider fair use before sending its initial takedown notice.
_	The authors point out cross-species risk factors, such as the finding that both jaguars and many Ashkenazi Jewish women carry the BRCA1 genetic mutation that increases breast cancer risk.
_	First, Daponte (who has studied Iraqi population figures for many years) questions the finding that prewar mortality was 5 deaths per 1,000.
_	The appellant appealed to the Appellate Division, in "Langley Fox Building Partnership v De Valence", against the finding that it was liable to compensate the respondent for any loss sustained by her.
_	Veloz found that a lower pressure of air is needed than the other varieties, though still a large quantity of air is required due to the finding that using a larger nozzle seemed to be more efficient (5/16-inch or 3/8-inch nozzle to be used with 35-40 pounds per square inch gauge).
_	Among the Huberman Lab’s discoveries was the finding that specific types of retinal neurons degenerate early in Glaucoma a common blinding disease that depletes sight in > 70 million people worldwide and for which there is currently no cure.
_	Consistent with this is the finding that bed bug DNA shows no evidence of an evolutionary bottleneck.
_	Supporting this view is the finding that single base lesions of the type dU:dG in the DNA of "S. pombe" stimulate meiotic recombination.
_	In 1965, the musicologist Alan Tyson (with H.C. Robbins Landon) published the finding that the entire set of six "String Quartets" long-admired as Haydn's Op. 3, including the "Andante cantabile" of No. 5 in F Major known as "Haydn's Serenade", were actually by Roman Hoffstetter.
_	Through their correlational analysis, they reinforce the finding that areas with more spending on mental health care have "notably lower levels of homelessness."
_	The relationship between attractiveness and aggression is further intertwined by the finding that increased levels of physical attractiveness actually further decreased the sociometric popularity of relationally aggressive individuals.
_	Later research corroborated the finding that reading span is more closely related to language comprehension than word span.
_	An alternative explanation for the evolution from pygmy pipehorse to seahorse is based on the finding that a vertically-bent head is more efficient in capturing prey because it increases the animal's strike distance, which is considered particularly useful in tail-attached sit-and-wait predators.
_	In a series of studies, Leyens and colleagues have widely replicated the finding that people attribute uniquely human emotions to the ingroup, but not the outgroup.
_	According to Lori Brotto, this classification is desirable compared to the DSM-IV classification system because: (1) it reflects the finding that desire and arousal tend to overlap (2) it differentiates between women who lack desire before the onset of activity, but who are receptive to initiation and or initiate sexual activity for reasons other than desire, and women who never experience sexual arousal (3) it takes the variability in sexual desire into account.
_	Another meta-analysis in 2005 of 13 studies and 2,180 individual cases repeated the finding that phallometric responses to children was a strong predictor of sexual re-offense.
_	One potential mechanism to explain this disregulation comes from the finding that eIF3 binds a specific set of cell proliferation regulator mRNA transcripts and regulates their translation.
_	One of the key findings at Woburn was the finding that sulphate of ammonia use in acidic soils led to the loss of soil nutrients by the leaching of calcium sulphate from the soil.
_	The Federal Court of Appeal in particular stressed the importance of the finding that Schmeiser had knowingly used the seed, in their decision to find Schmeiser in infringement of the patent, and noted that in a case of accidental contamination or a case where the farmer knew of the presence of the gene but took no action to increase its prevalence in his crop, a different ruling could be possible (see paragraphs 55-58 of the appeal ruling).
_	Such actions might explain these effects of spironolactone in light of the finding that it is not significantly progestogenic or antiprogestogenic in women even at high dosages.
_	Even if self-consistent extensions can be found for arbitrary initial conditions outside the Cauchy Horizon, the finding that there can be multiple distinct self-consistent extensions for the same initial condition—indeed, Echeverria et al.
_	In this way, amphetamine administration would prevent vesicular DA uptake through VMAT, and explain the finding that amphetamine administration correlates with decreased dopamine release from vesicles and a neurotoxic increase in intracellular dopamine.
_	This is consistent with the finding that kaiA proteins enhance kaiBC activity.
_	Noteworthy among the "in vivo" studies is the finding that oral quercetin protects guinea pigs against the Group 1 carcinogen "Helicobacter pylori".
_	Adelbert Cronkhite and his wife refused to accept the finding that the shooting was accidental.
_	Using this technique, her first result was the finding that the activity of the uranium compounds depended only on the quantity of uranium present.
_	Such a hypothesis is consistent with the finding that naming speed tasks consistently account for variance in early reading skills beyond that accounted for by measures of phonemic awareness".
_	This re-estimation of the age of the therian XY system is based on the finding that sequences that are on the X chromosomes of marsupials and eutherian mammals are present on the autosomes of platypus and birds.
_	Prior to the finding that the Army is required to provide medical care long after a veteran last participated in a testing program was a 2012 finding that the Army has an ongoing duty to seek out and provide "notice" to former test participants of any new information that could potentially affect their health.
_	This has led to the finding that each Thai teacher may be up to three million baht in debt.
_	These studies also support the finding that longer ISIs create the perception that the elements are all moving as one from left to right, known as group motion and that these percepts are not capable of occurring simultaneously.
_	This included the finding that seizure-induced platelet-activating factor production activates gene expression, as well as a new neuroprotection site, the PAF receptor.
_	However, Hughes also said at the time of the finding that had the new laws been in place during Dhaliwal's appointment in 1991, Sihota would have been found to be in a conflict of interest.
_	Another major criticism is based on the finding that the association between smoking and schizophrenia is about as strong across all cultures.
_	However, around 1970, such formulations were withdrawn from many markets such as the United States and United Kingdom due to the finding that CMA induced alarming mammary gland tumors in Beagle dogs.
_	The presence of a single locus for loline production was later confirmed by the finding that loline-producing epichloae endophytes contain a gene cluster ("LOL" cluster) of at least eleven genes.
_	This is opposed by the finding that Gerald Fitzgerald, "the founder of a religious order that treats Roman Catholic priests who molest children concluded in the 1950s that offenders were unlikely to change and should not be returned to ministry," and this was discussed with Pope Paul VI (1897 – 1978) and "in correspondence with several bishops."
_	Merzenich and William Jenkins (1990) initiated studies relating sensory experience, without pathological perturbation, to cortically observed plasticity in the primate somatosensory system, with the finding that sensory sites activated in an attended operant behavior increase in their cortical representation.
_	The incomplete development of this process contributes to the finding that adolescents use their brain less broadly than do adults when asked to inhibit a response and show less cross-talk (communication across diverse regions of the brain).
_	The misinformation effect refers to the finding that misleading information presented between the encoding of an event and its subsequent recall influences a witness's memory.
_	This example supports the finding that often women with frequently unemployed spouses look for work but fail to find jobs that would enable them to offset the loss in household income.
_	With the finding that DNA methylation and histone modifications are stable, heritable, and also reversible processes that influence gene expression without altering DNA primary structure, a mechanism for the observed variability in cell gene expression was provided.
_	However, this theory has been challenged by the finding that there is no difference in the diets of children developing marasmus as opposed to kwashiorkor.
_	In addition to the above examples, a wide variety of evidence from mammal species supports the finding that shared context and familiarity mediate social bonding, rather than genetic relatedness "per se".
_	The retrospective method, however, fails to account for the apparent lucidity of patients who are still experiencing substantial disorientation, or the finding that the recovery from post-traumatic amnesia is often characterized by the presence of "islands of memory" (short periods of clarity).
_	This result is consistent with the finding that another protein linked to AD, tau protein, was seen to decrease with apomorphine treatment.
_	This supports the finding that trigger zones in the chest area lead to referred sensation in the legs.
_	Taken with the finding that super-infection is common and occurs within and between HIV subtypes it has been suggested that the immune response elicited by primary infection may confer limited protection and raises concerns that HIV-vaccine strategies designed to replicate the natural anti-HIV immune response may have limited effectiveness in preventing new infections.
_	Haas never accepted the finding that wheat gluten was the damaging part of wheat; he insisted it was starch and called the discovery about a gluten a "disservice".
_	Investigation into the matter led to the finding that LG and Samsung's market sales in the United States were found significantly different and the differences were not taken into account using the average-to-average method.
_	The concept of “atypicality” is from the finding that the second generation antipsychotics (SGAs) had a greater serotonin/dopamine ratio than did earlier drugs, and might be associated with improved efficacy (particularly for the negative symptoms of psychosis) and reduced extrapyramidal side effects.
_	The company appealed against the finding that the individuals were workers, and the individuals then cross-appealed against the finding that they were not employees.
_	Also in support of an immune cause is the finding that at least half of all pyoderma gangrenosum patients suffer from immune-mediated diseases.
_	A component of this is the finding that most often the symptoms that involve athetosis occur as a part of choreoathetosis as opposed to athetosis alone.
_	Major has been quoted extensively in news coverage of the finding that natalizumab (Tysabri) and related monoclonal antibody-based therapies increase the risk of a rare brain disease caused by JC virus.
_	A meta-analysis of 41 cue reactivity studies with people that have an alcohol, heroin, or cocaine addiction strongly supports the finding that people who have addictions have significant cue-specific reactions to drug-related stimuli.
_	Evidence for this can be seen in the finding that high Faith in Intuition is associated with higher observed hand hygiene compliance rates among doctors.
_	Another advance in homogeneous catalysis was the finding that PPh-derived complexes were active catalytically as well as soluble in organic solvents, the best known such catalyst being Wilkinson's catalyst that catalyzes the hydrogenation and isomerization of alkenes.
_	Ultimately, the conclusive House of Representatives' Majority Staff Report on the OPM breach discovered no evidence suggesting that CyTech Services knew of Cylance's involvement or had prior knowledge of an existing breach at the time of its product demonstration, leading to the finding that both tools independently "discovered" the malicious code running on the OPM network.
_	The autopsy also supports the finding that the backpack was being worn or held across Alpizar's chest.
_	This theory accounts for several otherwise puzzling facts, such as the finding that attention and awareness tend to be correlated with the synchronous firing of multiple neurons rather than the firing of individual neurons.
_	The general mechanism is further supported by List by the finding that in a reaction carried out in labeled water (HO), the oxygen isotope finds its way into the reaction product.
_	In the Court of Appeal, the appellant challenged the finding that there was a total failure of consideration.
_	The HSCA's final report included the finding that the "Secret Service was deficient in the performance of its duties" as it "possessed information that was not properly analyzed, investigated or used by the Secret Service in connection with the President's trip to Dallas".
_	One theory, based on contemporary literary and inscriptional evidence plus the finding that the Western Chalukyas employed titles and names commonly used by the early Chalukyas, suggests that the Western Chalukya kings belonged to the same family line as the illustrious Badami Chalukya dynasty of 6th-century, while other Western Chalukya inscriptional evidence indicates they were a distinct line unrelated to the early Chalukyas.
_	He and his coworkers pioneered the finding that inherent abnormalities of mitochondrial components occur in Alzheimer brain and other Alzheimer tissues and the implications of that finding for the pathophysiology of the dementia.
_	During a study on the relationship between infants' attachment styles; their exhibition of mastery-oriented behaviour and their effect during play, Frodi, Bridges and Grolnick failed to find significant effects: "Perhaps somewhat surprising was the finding that the quality of attachment assessed at 12 months failed to significantly predict either mastery motivation, competence, or affect 8 months later, when other investigators have demonstrated an association between similar constructs ..."
_	As a result of the finding that a state of war did exist, Plenty Horses escaped conviction for murder and was released, thereby helping to exonerate the soldiers of the Seventh Cavalry, the perpetrators of the Wounded Knee Massacre, none of whom was ever charged.
_	His research contributions lead to the finding that the photorespiratory nitrogen cycle is an open process.
_	He is best known for his work on the impact of bilingualism on cognitive ageing, in particular the finding that in people who speak two languages (whether from childhood or acquired later in life), dementia is delayed.
_	This recommendation was based on the finding that the restrictions introduced in 2013 have not been sufficiently followed in clinical practice, and cases of serious liver injury still occurred including liver failure.
_	The original evidence was provided by the finding that particles of platinum bind H with the stoichiometry PtH for each surface atom regardless of whether the platinum is supported or not.
_	Concerning the finding that William Charles Wells had published the idea of evolutionary change through natural selection before Matthew, Darwin wrote to Hooker:
_	The most striking discovery was the finding that baclofen (β-parachlorophenyl GABA), a clinically employed muscle relaxant mimicked, in a stereoselective manner, the effect of GABA.
_	One is deep homology, the finding that dissimilar organs such as the eyes of insects, vertebrates and cephalopod molluscs, long thought to have evolved separately, are controlled by similar genes such as "pax-6", from the evo-devo gene toolkit.
_	This may be a neurological explanation for the finding that homosexual men arise and retire earlier each day than heterosexuals, as it is known that the SCN is involved in modulating human circadian rhythms.
_	The term chaperome was first coined in a 2006 publication in Cell by Balch and co-workers on the finding that down-regulation of the Hsp90 co-chaperone Aha1 rescues misfolding of CFTR in cystic fibrosis to describe the overall chaperone folding environment, or the "chaperome".
_	This result in conjunction with the finding that other adherens junction components also increase expression suggests that this process may be occurring in response to fluctuating progesterone levels .
_	The term "nuclear winter" was a neologism coined in 1983 by Richard P. Turco in reference to a 1-dimensional computer model created to examine the "nuclear twilight" idea, this 1-D model output the finding that massive quantities of soot and smoke would remain aloft in the air for on the order of years, causing a severe planet-wide drop in temperature.
_	Particularly encouraging was the finding that a short treatment period produced long-lasting improvements, in both humans and rats.
_	Catassi and his co-workers recently have provided new insights into the age of gluten introduction for infants, along with the finding that breastfeeding does not appear to influence the risk of developing celiac disease in children.
_	This hypothesis is based on the finding that the cpn60 gene is upregulated in response to hydrogen peroxide, a source of oxygen radicals.
_	Further confirming his contention is the finding that the big errors in Hipparchus's longitude of Regulus and both longitudes of Spica agree to a few minutes in all three instances with a theory that he took the wrong sign for his correction for parallax when using eclipses for determining stars' positions.
_	"As there is room for doubt that the inference of personal interest is the only reasonable inference to be drawn from the circumstances related, and in view of the positive denial, it can only be said that, in the opinion of your commissioners, the evidence does not warrant the finding that there was or is any personal interest on the part of Dr. Rutherford or Mr. Cross".
_	Discoveries by the centre include the finding that Zebrafish are able to produce motor neurones when they repair their spinal cords from injury and abnormalities in the protein TDP-43 result in the death of motor neurone cells.
_	Following the finding that 12 students at St. Paul's Convent School contracted the swine flu virus, Chief Executive Donald Tsang ordered the closure of all primary schools, kindergartens, and special schools for two weeks starting from 12 June.
_	In July 2017, ExxonMobil filed a lawsuit against the Trump administration challenging the finding that the company violated sanctions imposed on Russia.
_	It resumed three months later with a smaller witness list and ended with the finding that Hancock had died of natural causes and not as a result of Porteous' behaviour.
_	This can be explained partly by the finding that moment arms of muscles at the knee and ankle joint in the cheetah are proportionally larger than those of the greyhound.
_	These numbers are consistent with the finding that although clear cell carcinomas are rare in western countries they are much more common in parts of Asia.
_	One implication of the finding that carbohydrate restriction in obese patients causes them to lose weight is that excessive carbohydrate consumption is likely to be a cause of obesity in the first place.
_	Similar work replicates the finding that learners are able to learn two sets of statistical representations when an additional cue is present (two different male voices in this case).
_	In 2005, Sean B. Carroll and colleagues mention morphogenetic fields only as a concept proposed by early embryologists to explain the finding that a forelimb bud could be transplanted and still give rise to a forelimb; they define "field" simply as "a discrete region" in an embryo.
_	Multiple studies have replicated the finding that when non-radiologists have an ownership interest in the fees generated by radiology equipment—and can self-refer—their use of imaging is unnecessarily higher.
_	In 1998 Santer was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship for research supporting the finding that human activity contributes to global warming.
_	The thin film solar cell architecture is based on the finding that perovskite materials can also act as highly efficient, ambipolar charge-conductor.
_	This conclusion is due to the finding that when deprived of basilar membrane place information, these patients still demonstrated normal pitch perception.
_	Other developments in this area is the finding that some lesions present mitochondrial defects that could distinguish types of lesions.
_	It resumed three months later with a smaller witness list and ended with the finding that Hancock had died of natural causes and not as a result of Porteous' behaviour.
_	On the basis of these observations and the finding that the level of hyperactivation events is reduced when chemotactically responsive spermatozoa swim in a spatial chemoattractant gradient it was proposed that turns and hyperactivation events are suppressed when capacitated spermatozoa swim up a chemoattractant gradient, and vice versa when they swim down a gradient.
_	Von Foerster's tongue-in-cheek prediction of Doomsday on November 13, 2026, was based on an extrapolation into the future of doubling-time, with the finding that doubling-time would decrease to zero on that date.
_	More interesting, however, in terms of theory was the finding that a substantial number of teachers had discontinued their use of the innovation, an aspect of the theory not yet developed.
_	Thus, the Court made it clear that, despite the finding that the special assessment was not a revenue bill, even if it had been a revenue bill, and then had subsequently been passed by both houses, it would still be subject to judicial review of its legality.
_	Nonetheless, the finding that DSCAM exerts a synergistic effect on the cardiac disease progression, upon disrupted expression level, allows future research on its role in some other major diseases.
_	This is consistent with the finding that E-cadherin overexpression hinders metastasis and tumorigenesis.
_	It also is based on the finding that insulin resistance may be reversed rapidly by exposing cells to mitochondrial uncouplers, electron transport chain inhibitors, or mitochondrial superoxide dismutase mimetics.
_	Thompson and Major Louis Anatole La Garde of the Medical Corps arranged tests on cadavers and animal remains in the Chicago stockyards, resulting in the finding that .45 was the most effective pistol cartridge.
_	According to the U.S. Supreme Court's decision, the "hard 50" can still be imposed, but the finding that the circumstances of the crime justify the sentence must be made by a jury, rather than by the judge.
_	It was earlier proposed that differences between "Homo sapiens" and Neanderthal vocal tracts could be seen in fossils, but the finding that the Neanderthal hyoid bone (see below) was identical to that found in "Homo sapiens" has weakened these theories.
_	These studies all support the finding that such motivational posters, placed at the point of decision, can have a behavioral effect, with this effect decreasing back to zero gradually over a period of weeks after the removal of the poster.
_	In 1949, a Russian publication discussed the finding that vinyl chloride caused liver injury among workers.
_	This is supported by the finding that deletion of the two C-terminal residues (sBmTx3-delYP) results in loss of ability to block I-current.
_	A 2016 review found that male Germans eat more meat than females, linking the discrepancy to the finding that meat in Western culture has symbolic connections to strength and power, which are associated with male gender roles.
_	However, the finding that results estimated in "utility space" do not match those estimated in "willingness to pay space", suggests that the confound problem is not solved by this "trick": variances may be attribute specific or some other function of the variables (which would explain the discrepancy).
_	The military prosecutor at the Turkish General Staff, who was responsible for the crash investigation, had closed the file with the finding that Bitlis' airplane crash was an accident without any human involvement.
_	Given the involvement of Neuregulin 1 in schizophrenia and the finding that the valine to leucine missense mutation in mice produces working memory deficits, NRG1 seems a likely genetic candidate that confers susceptibility to the development of schizophrenia.
_	The term "cholinergic" is derived from the finding that hives similar to those of CU can be evoked using cholinergic agonists (e.g. methacholine).
_	The State of Illinois did not appeal the finding that the amendment was unconstitutional.
_	Among women, this may be explained by the finding that younger female caregivers tend to perceive demands on their time due to role strain more negatively.
_	The initial basis for the attention-free hypothesis was the finding that in visual search, basic visual features of objects immediately and automatically pop out to the person doing the visual search.
_	This model was confirmed by the finding that ectodermin-/- embryos were rescued to wild type (normal AVE, normal mesoderm development) by lowering the genetic dosage of the main TGF-beta ligand of the emrbyo, Nodal.
_	The doctrine presents the finding that there are distinct nerve types for different types of sensory input, and these nerves respond in a characteristic way regardless of the method of stimulation.
_	The Multiverse hypothesis is therefore thought to provide an elegant explanation of the finding that we exist despite the required fine-tuning.
_	In line with the possibility that the reported distance of the moon is due to logic, rather than perception, is the finding that these varying reports--with some reporting closer distances and others not--are likely due to response biases .
_	Taking into account that C4c is deeply rooted in the Asian portion of the mtDNA phylogeny and is indubitably of Asian origin, the finding that C4c and X2a are characterized by parallel genetic histories definitively dismisses the controversial hypothesis of an Atlantic glacial entry route into North America."
_	The principle relies on the finding that all chemicals—even water and oxygen—can be toxic if too much is eaten, drunk, or absorbed.
_	Before there can be the finding that a particular group requires empowerment and that therefore their self-esteem needs to be consolidated on the basis of awareness of their strengths, there needs to be a deficit diagnosis usually carried out by experts assessing the problems of this group.
_	The third claim for reimbursement was disallowed upon the finding that the annual interest from the trust fund established under the Treaty of 1866 was, in fact, directed to its designated purpose (support of local schools).
_	More recent research has confirmed the finding that every skill has a specific strength component that must be practiced with the skill itself.
_	United Nations Security Council Resolution 278, adopted unanimously on May 11, 1970, after statements from representatives of Iran and the United Kingdom, the Council endorsed the report of the Personal Representative of the Secretary-General and welcomed its conclusion, particularly the finding that "the overwhelming majority of the people of Bahrain wish to gain recognition of their identity in a full independent and sovereign State free to decide for itself its relations with other States".
_	If this support for a bi-national state is combined with the finding that 9.8 percent of Palestinian respondents favour a "Palestinian state" in "all of historic Palestine", this poll suggested about equal Palestinian support for a two-state and one-state solution in mid-2010.
_	This is supported by the finding that females who are more controlling themselves will use more mate guarding resistant tactics too.
_	The history of capital controls is sometimes discussed in relation to the impossible trinity (trilemma, the unholy trinity)– the finding that its impossible for a nation's economic policy to simultaneously deliver more than two of the following three desirable macroeconomic goals:
_	Research is fairly consistent in the finding that species with concealed estrus mate at all stages of their ovarian cycle.
_	It was theorised this misclassification may have arisen due to the finding that some Himalayan flora readily hybridize with each other and produce viable seeds, causing wider (and unknown) morphological diversity.
_	But this could not explain the finding that imagining events that were low in confidence led to a "greater" increase in ratings than for unimagined low-confidence events, as regression to the mean should affect all events equally.
_	Examples of his results in applications to algebra include the finding that under the weak continuum hypothesis there is no universal object in the class of uncountable locally finite groups (answering a question of Macintyre and Shelah); with Shelah, showing that there is a jump in cardinality of the abelian group Extp("G", "Z") at the first singular strong limit cardinal.
_	This parceled world idea is further supported items by the finding that items that get recalled together are more likely than not to also be clustered within the same region of one's larger cognitive map.
_	Other developments in this area is the finding that some lesions present mitochondrial defects that could distinguish types of lesions.
_	According to the author of the study, these results can be explained by the finding that communities with high levels of trust, cooperation, and supervision are more likely to offer women several types of assistance, including support, advice, shelter, and social pressure on batterers to desist.
_	In support of the essentialist view is the finding that conversion therapy (attempts to change sexual orientation) is rarely successful.
_	Poole and Rosenthal note in Chapter 11 of "Ideology and Congress" that most of these analyses produce the finding that roll call voting is organized by only few dimensions (usually two):
_	In anatomy and neurophysiology, this is the finding that the anterior spinal nerve roots contain only motor fibers and posterior roots only sensory fibers and that nerve impulses are conducted in only one direction in each case.
_	Men, on average, have significantly higher sex drives and desire for sexual activity than women do; this also correlated with the finding that men report, on average, a larger total number of lifetime sexual partners, although mathematicians say "it is logically impossible for heterosexual men to have more partners on average than heterosexual women".
_	On March 14, 1995, the judge handling the case concluded the 16-month trial with the finding that Calauan Mayor Antonio Sanchez and several henchmen, only some of whom were policemen, guilty of raping and murdering Sarmenta and killing Gomez, Sarmenta's boyfriend.
_	However, the Supreme Court had never considered a case with those facts, and under the AEDPA the Sixth Circuit could therefore not disturb the finding that Perry's rights were not violated.
_	This model has been disputed because of the finding that in certain compounds neither the basic N nor the ester group was necessary for high binding affinity and inhibition of MAR.
_	This conclusion was drawn from the finding that bicalutamide does not increase or testosterone levels in multiple tested animal species (including rats and dogs), as antiandrogens like flutamide normally do this by blocking in the pituitary gland and hypothalamus in the brain and thereby disinhibiting the axis.
_	With the finding that mutations in TRPM6 (on chromosome 9) are causative for the disorder this is no longer the case.
_	The third experiment replicated the finding that students used the pronoun "we" more when describing a victory compared to a non-victory by their school's football team.
_	The Australian census occurs on one night nationally, the occurrence of the census makes it difficult to track mobility as does the finding that women in Australia are typically out of their usual residence at night, also leading to the underrepresentation of women in research.
_	Group polarization refers to the finding that following group discussion, individuals tend to endorse a more extreme position in the direction already favored by the group.
_	It did not however overturn the finding that there was de facto abortion on demand in New Zealand.
_	Several studies have converged on the finding that the meaning of target items is encoded independently of, and even prior to, the encoding of the surface form of the same items.
_	The present study was based on the finding that rats exposed to slightly increased gravity are able to adapt with little chronic stress but at a higher level of basal metabolic expenditure (increased 'rate of living').
_	These developments led to the finding that macrophages produce PAF and that macrophages play an important function in aggregation of platelets and liberation of their inflammatory and vasoactive substances.
_	Gaede used the name "diffusion pump" since his design was based on the finding that gas cannot diffuse against the vapor stream, but will be carried with it to the exhaust.
_	Therefore, the court taking judicial notice would simply allow the jury to make the finding that the court took notice of, but would not require this outcome, and would not prevent the defense from presenting evidence to rebut the noticed fact.
_	This work also led to the finding that some 19 species of Sri Lankan amphibians have become extinct in the past 130 years, the highest national extinction record in the world.
_	In 1975, the Church Committee went on record with the finding that CIA chief Allen Dulles had ordered Lumumba's assassination as "an urgent and prime objective".
_	He came to the finding that it is not possible to artificially conceive cancer in healthy pigeons.
_	Further evidence of the importance of genetic compatibility can be found in the finding that couples sharing a higher proportion of HLA alleles tend to have recurring spontaneous abortions, reduced body mass in babies, and longer intervals between successive births.
_	This is supported by the finding that the classification of other-race faces tends to be faster than same-race faces.
_	While concluding that this specific case was not an appropriate candidate for summary judgment, the Court of Appeal was satisfied that the record supported the finding that Hryniak had committed the tort of civil fraud against the Mauldin Group, and therefore dismissed Hryniak’s appeal.
_	This is supported by the finding that during ovulation women who are both single or in a monogamous partnership with a man are more likely to desire to go to social gatherings where they may meet alternative mates.
_	The TTO model of cyanobacteria is questionable due to the finding that phosphorylation of KaiC oscillates regardless of transcription/translation of the kaiBC operon.
_	Taking into account that C4c is deeply rooted in the Asian portion of the mtDNA phylogeny and is indubitably of Asian origin, the finding that C4c and X2a are characterized by parallel genetic histories definitively dismisses the controversial hypothesis of an Atlantic glacial entry route into North America."
_	Increased work with amnesic patients led to the finding that they were able to retain and learn tasks other than motor skills.
_	Imagination inflation refers to the finding that imagining an event which never happened can increase confidence that it actually occurred.
_	These statistics lead to the finding that "demonstrates significantly higher concentrations in associate’s, bachelor’s and graduate/professional degrees than the county as a whole, or the state."
_	There has been no reported case of severe envenoming by female funnel-web spiders, which is consistent with the finding that the venom of female specimens is less potent than the venom of their male counterparts.
_	incorrectly used "Pearson's r" instead of "Cohen's d" to calculate the effect size, which resulted in a failure to correct for base-rate differences of CSA in male and female samples, and which led to the finding that males were less harmed by CSA.
_	The Court of Appeal agreed with the District Court on the finding that publication of the extracts "may materially reduce the demand for Wainwright's services," sufficiently show irreparable injury.
_	Additional support for this conclusion comes from the finding that P3b latency is not affected by experimental manipulations thought to influence response selection processes (e.g., stimulus-response compatibility), whereas reaction times are (e.g., McCarthy & Donchin, 1981).
_	However, after the finding that "Lactarius" actually represented more than one genus, the species "Lactarius torminosus" was conserved as type for that genus.
_	This supported the finding that "Diaspora Jews from Europe, Northwest Africa, and the Near East resemble each other more closely than they resemble their non-Jewish neighbors."
_	In a point of order, the bourgeois parties put emphasis on the finding that the prior People's Council should be parliament, the SED attempted to portray it as a pan-German Parliament.
_	Daniel Bar-Tal and Yona Teichman write: "Of special importance is the finding that all the newspapers delegitimized the participants, as communists, nationalists, extremists, agitators, inciters, enemies or violent people."
_	Evolutionary psychology can also help to shed light on the finding that females have a higher proportion of sexual fantasies involving a male celebrity.
_	"P. dominula" was likely replacing "P. fuscatus" through indirect or exploitative competition, which was consistent with the finding that "P. dominula" was significantly more productive than "P. fuscatus".
_	Evidence from Bowers and Woody is supportive of the finding that hypnotized individuals produce no paradoxical effects.
_	On 6 June 1997, New South Wales State Coroner Greg Glass handed down the finding that Flannery was murdered most probably on or about 9 May 1985.
_	Research on LOP has further supported the finding that priming effects last longer for WFC than that of other implicit memory tests.
_	In 2008 the Alabama Community College System reported the finding that "many" of the faculty members' degrees "did not come from accredited institutions."
_	Another important point is in the finding that structural MRI images link the severity of white matter lesions to deficits in cognition.
_	He voiced concern about Trump's failure to mention the finding that Russia had interfered in the 2016 election and "will likely interfere in the 2018 midterms we will be holding ...
_	In support of this interpretation, they drew special attention to the finding that the average IQ of "socially classified" black children was greater than that of the U.S. white mean.
_	Among other results, the report includes the finding that phonics instruction improves children's ability to identify words.
_	In 1586 Luis Mendez de Torres had first published the finding that the hive was ruled by a female, but Torres had maintained that she produced all other bees in the colony through a "seed".
_	Additionally, later experiments led to the finding that maximum activity of the enzyme occurs at pH 5.95, suggesting that the pK of the ε-ammonium group of Lys115 is significantly perturbed in the active site.
_	This hypothesis is supported by the finding that the initial presence of inorganic nitrogen in the activated sludge inoculum promotes cyanobacterial growth over microalgal growth, resulting in successful oxygenic photogranules.
_	Many details of the repair cycle, including the finding that the FtsH protease plays an important role in the degradation of the D1 protein, have been discovered since.
_	No such effects were found, and FDA's approval is based on the finding that sucralose is safe for human consumption."
_	Based on the available data, the panel reiterated the finding that there were no safety concerns for diacetyl's use as a flavouring.
_	Bem based this theory in part on the finding that a majority of gay men and lesbians report being gender-nonconforming during their childhood years.
_	The 1970s included the discovery of calmodulin-dependent protein kinases and the finding that proteins can be phosphorylated on more than one amino acid residue.
_	were able to cluster genes into "mounts" with coherent functions, and were also able to make novel observations, such as the finding that distinct classes of transposons (such as Tc3 and Mariner transposons) appear to be differentially regulated during development.
_	The index is a holistic articulation of urban resilience premised on the finding that there are 12 universal factors or "drivers" that contribute to city resilience.
_	Prompted by this fact as well as the finding that adult peers don't necessarily need to be more capable to provide assistance in the ZPD, Vygotsky’s definition has been adapted to better suit the adult L2 developmental context
_	The identification of Toll-like receptors (TLRs) as specific pattern recognition molecules and the finding that stimulation of TLRs leads to activation of NF-κ
_	Charles Liebman has written that the essence of the folk religion of American Jews is their social ties to one another, illustrated by the finding that religious practices that would prevent social integration such as a strict interpretation of dietary laws, and the Sabbath have been abandoned, whilst the few practices that are followed, such as the Passover seder, social rites of passage, and the High Holy Days are ones that strengthen Jewish family and community integration.
_	This was verified by the finding that the L type had an advantage during growth on glucose, but that S had an advantage during stationary phase, after glucose had run out.
_	Evidence for this comes primarily from the finding that both sexes are equally likely to become depressed in response to conflict or death within the nuclear family, while women are more likely to become depressed in response to the loss of a friend and family members outside of the nuclear family.
_	This foreshadowed the modern understanding of colour vision, in particular the finding that the eye does indeed have three colour receptors which are sensitive to different wavelength ranges.
_	These had been long known about and began to be referred to as Caymanite by Dr. Armstrong Osborne who also worked up and published the finding that the Jenolan cave complex is world's oldest known and dated open cave system ().
_	About two mouths ago the officers of the company received a tip that the company was being systematically robbed, and the investigation was then begun which now results in the finding that for many months the corporation has lost over one-half of its ores, stolen under the vary eye of the managers.
_	A breakthrough in the function of the 7SK snRNP came with the finding that the positive transcription elongation factor P-TEFb was a component of the complex.
_	It was not this holding that proved especially controversial among commentators, and indeed, the proposition gained seven out of nine votes; Justices Souter and Breyer joined the majority of five—but only, it should be emphasized, for the finding that there was an Equal Protection violation.
_	The Special Counsel concluded that the rounds did not start or contribute to the spread of the fire, based on the finding that the FBI fired the rounds nearly four hours before the fire started, at a concrete construction pit partially filled with water, away and downwind from the main living quarters of the complex.
_	He also contested the finding that he had violated the terms of his conditional release, saying that he did not refuse the forced treatment "but for the exception of being late on taking his [anti-psychotic] medication... one day".
_	Day O'Connor wrote a concurrence that agreed with the finding that the state court's decision was reasonable.
_	In cognitive psychology, the missing letter effect refers to the finding that, when people are asked to consciously detect target letters while reading text, they miss more letters in frequent, function words (e.g. the letter "h" in "the") than in less frequent, content words.
_	The main exception to this was the finding that only children are generally higher in achievement motivation.
_	In the Federal Court, the Patent Office's reasons for rejecting the patent, and in particular the finding that the subject of the claims was non-patentable subject matter, were found improper and the patent was directed back to the Commissioner for re-examination with the direction that the claims constitute patentable subject matter.
_	In the oil and gas industry, the need for improved safety culture and training within companies is evidenced by the finding that workers new to a company are more likely to be involved in fatalities.
_	The appeal addressed whether the Full Federal Court deviated in its application of the principles of authorisation and subsequently, whether the finding that iiNet did not authorise its users' copyright infringements is incorrect.
_	Russell Vreeland of Ancient Biomaterials Institute of West Chester University in Pennsylvania, USA, performed an analysis of all known halopathic bacteria, which yielded the finding that Park's bacteria contained six segments of DNA never seen before in the halopaths.
_	Additional studies and reviews have confirmed the finding that greater meat consumption is positively linked with greater weight gain even when controlling for calories, and lifestyle factors.
_	The Oracle v. Google case ended in May 2012, with the finding that Google did not infringe on Oracle's patents, and the trial judge ruled that the structure of the Java APIs used by Google was not copyrightable.
_	Tillman's family was not informed of the finding that he was killed by friendly fire until weeks after his memorial service, although at least some senior Army officers knew of that fact prior to the service.
_	Supporting the claim that L1-family proteins are involved in CNS development is the finding that L1CAM is highly expressed in neuronal tissue during its early stages of growth, especially at the ends of axons.
_	However, the finding that cereblon inhibition is responsible for the teratogenic activity of thalidomide in the chick and zebrafish was cast into doubt due to a 2013 report that pomalidomide (a more potent thalidomide analog) does not cause teratogenic effects in these same model systems even though it is a stronger cereblon inhibitor than thalidomide is.
_	This is consistent with the finding that ""…firms with higher current stock prices (relative to their past stock prices, book values or earnings) are more likely to issue equity rather than debt and repurchase debt rather than equity"".
_	A reading of the whole of the agreement leads, in my opinion, to the finding that it contemplates that [BP Refinery] will continuously occupy the site and therefore be liable for rates.
_	This hypothesis is based on the finding that blood and saliva from Hispanics ages more slowly than that of non-Hispanic whites, African Americans, and other populations according to a biomarker of tissue age known as epigenetic clock.
_	Researchers are making gains towards the identification of resistant cultivars as evidenced by the finding that variation in genetic linkage groups 1, 4, and 6 accounted for over 43% of resistance among Italian rye grass.
_	In July 2017, ExxonMobil filed a lawsuit against the U.S. government challenging the finding that the company violated sanctions imposed on Russia.
_	Gender bias on Wikipedia refers to the finding that between 84 and 91 percent of Wikipedia editors are male, which allegedly leads to systemic bias.
_	The first “effector-rationalized” search for a potentially durable R gene followed the finding that "avrBs2" is found in most disease-causing "Xanthomonas" species and is required for pathogen fitness.
_	Another well-known example is the finding that ripening may be brought on by treatment with ethylene.
_	The orexin system was initially suggested to be primarily involved in the stimulation of food intake, based on the finding that central administration of orexin-A and -B increased food intake.
_	A study published in the "Neuropsychopharmacology" journal in 2013 revealed the finding that the flavour of beer alone could provoke dopamine activity in the brain of the male participants, who wanted to drink more as a result.
_	The study arrived at this conclusion based on the finding that 1,4-butanediol co-administered with ethanol led to potentiation of some of the behavioral effects of ethanol.
_	Evidence for grapheme-color synesthesia comes also from the finding that colors can be flexibly associated to graphemes, as new meanings become assigned to those graphemes.
_	An empirical finding documented extensively by PWT is the Penn effect, the finding that real GDP is substantially understated when using exchange rates instead of PPPs in comparing GDP across countries.
_	In view of the finding that there had been a violation of Article 11, the Commission did not consider it necessary to decide whether Article 18 had been complied with.
_	Judge Morris S. Arnold wrote that, although the Eighth Circuit rejected the finding that the safety clown was functional, they held that it nonetheless lacked distinctiveness in the marketplace such that it would merit protection.
_	He then studied the relationship between protein and vitamin A which led to the finding that the amount, as well as biological value, of dietary protein are important in the process of converting carotene to vitamin A.
_	They base this argument on the finding that nations' average IQs have a strong correlation with several such factors, among them adult literacy (0.64), tertiary education (0.75), life expectancy (0.77), and democratization (0.57).
_	It was small comfort that the finding that Frances was still a virgin was greeted with equal derision: as a popular ballad put it "The Dame was inspected, but fraud interjected a Maid of greater perfection."
_	The courts rejected these arguments based on the finding that debarment was not intended as a punishment but rather as a means of protecting the public from persons who had exhibited the capacity for engaging in such conduct.
_	Therefore, although the public trust doctrine doesn't preclude the conveyance of water rights to a private party where a natural resource held in the public trust may be affected, following "National Audubon Society v. Superior Court" (1983), it does impose a condition on the future use of waters appropriated to further the public interest (the finding that harm must be minimized to the extent feasible).
_	RAD54’s involvement as a necessary recombinational protein is supported in the finding that there are mutations of RAD54 in a small percentage of studied breast and colon carcinomas, as well as several lymphomas.
_	On March 14, 1995, the judge concluded the 16-month Sarmenta-Gomez murder trial with the finding that Calauan Mayor Antonio Sanchez and several henchmen (only some of whom were policemen) were guilty of raping and murdering Sarmenta and killing Sarmenta's boyfriend.
_	This was confirmed by the finding that when monolingual and bilingual Alzheimer's patients' brains were scanned, bilinguals actually had more pathology (signs of disease) and damage than the monolingual patients.
_	This model is supported by the finding that expression of either wild-type or catalytically inactive CDK4 can sequester CIP/KIP proteins resulting in cyclin E-CDK2 activation.
_	These predictions were supported by the finding that most of the patients who showed rapid forgetting also had lesions to the temporal lobe.
_	This likely reflects a role for ARHGAP11B in development and evolutionary expansion of the human neocortex, a conclusion consistent with the finding that the gene duplication that created ARHGAP11B occurred on the human lineage after the divergence from the chimpanzee lineage but before the divergence from Neanderthals.
_	Decision number 30 of 1983 is the finding that transmitting Italian citizenship by birth is a constitutional right of women, and the decision retroacts for births beginning as early as 1 January 1948.
_	Research by Westhoff has resulted in the finding that important details on paintings and on etchings of Rembrandt, such as eyes, hands or utilities, were placed exactly on the diagonals.
_	The testing effect is the finding that long-term memory is increased when some of the learning period is devoted to retrieving the to-be-remembered information through testing with proper feedback.
_	Analysis of "Simosthenurus" fossils has contributed to the finding that there are three lineages of macropods: Sthenurinae, Macropodinae, and Lagostrophinae.
_	Among the quantitative outcomes of this program is the finding that since World Bicycle Relief's participation in RAPIDS, caregiver retention has risen to 97%, a marked increase from earlier stages.
_	In 2008, a conducted population study resulted in the finding that there was an estimated 1,376 wild adult trout per mile in the river.
_	Lortalamine was under development for clinical use but was shelved, likely due to the finding that it produced ocular toxicity in animals.
_	They also were surprised by the finding that prior prime-time shows, which are no longer on air, reinforced a larger magnitude of acceptance within the LGBTQ realm.
_	The psychosocial hypothesis builds on the finding that most ufo reports have mundane explanations like celestial objects, airplane lights, balloons, and a host of other misperceived things seen in the sky which suggests the presence of an unusual emotional climate which distorts perceptions and the perceived significance and anomalousness of merely terrestrial stimuli.
_	Temperature-sweeping DMA of the blends showed two strong transitions coincident with the glass transition temperatures of PC and PABS, consistent with the finding that the two polymers were immiscible.
_	The study was prematurely terminated when previously unexpected risks were discovered, specifically the finding that though the all-cause mortality was not affected by the hormone therapy, the benefits of menopausal hormone therapy (reduced risk of hip fracture, colorectal and endometrial cancer and all other causes of death) were offset by increased risk of coronary heart disease, breast cancer, strokes and pulmonary embolism.
_	These proteins became of interest in neurobiology with the finding that in the nudibranch (sea slug) "Hermissenda crassicornis", the protein Csp24 (conditioned stimulus pathway phosphoprotein-24), with 4 repeats, is involved in simple forms of learning: both one-trial enhancement of the excitability of sensory neurons in the conditioned stimulus pathway, and in multi-trial Pavlovian conditioning.
_	Electrophysiological support comes from the finding that the N170 and M170 responses tend to be face-specific.
_	This followed the finding that Mastercard had infringed competition law in the setting of the transaction fees it charged to retailers.
_	This further corroborates the finding that in nutrient-starved bacteria, the cytoplasm transitions into a glasslike substance.
_	The PALLAS trial (2011) was stopped for safety concerns due to the finding that "dronedarone increased rates of heart failure, stroke, and death from cardiovascular causes in patients with permanent atrial fibrillation who were at risk for major vascular events".
_	Supporting this is the finding that targeting these autonomic sites improves the likelihood of successful elimination of AF by catheter ablation.
_	Nevertheless, the finding that schreckstoff production is maintained in a species where the function is clearly unrelated to kin benefits provides strong evidence against kin selection as a mechanism for the evolution of schreckstoff.
_	On 7 July 2010, in a ceremony at the foot of the bridge, the Government of South Australia endorsed the finding that "secret women's business" was genuine.
_	Evidence lies in the finding that women who experience more extreme cases of pregnancy sickness tend to be less likely to miscarry or have babies with birth defects.
_	In support of this hypothesis was the finding that all-male, all-female, and mixed foraging groups responded equally to the display, which would not be expected if it were indeed mimicking a sexual display.
_	Central to these is the finding that almost all human populations are mixtures resulting from repeated population migrations and mixtures.
_	Facing immense opposition, poor compliance, and the finding that lowered speed limits produced only a fraction of the originally estimated emissions reductions, the TCEQ relented and reverted to the 5 mph reduction scheme.
_	Ten months later, the Commission issued its report with the finding that Lee Harvey Oswald had acted alone when he assassinated President Kennedy.
_	The "Bertillonage" system was based on the finding that several measures of physical features, such as the dimensions of bony structures in the body, that remain fairly constant throughout adult life.
_	While some scientists believe the finding that IBS patients carry a protozoal infection to be significant, other researchers have reported their belief that the presence of the infection is not medically significant.
_	In determining the penalty, the court took into account the finding that he was legally insane at the time of the crime.
_	Other important advances that led to the development of polio vaccines were: the identification of three poliovirus serotypes (Poliovirus type 1 — PV1, or Mahoney; PV2, Lansing; and PV3, Leon); the finding that prior to paralysis, the virus must be present in the blood; and the demonstration that administration of antibodies in the form of gamma globulin protects against paralytic polio.
_	This was based on the finding that, such marriages, having been banned neither by previous house law nor by any clear marital pattern to the contrary prior to 1815, and that no change in dynastic policy had been explicitly implemented subsequently, the 1869 marriage to a Wartensleben countess was valid for purposes of transmitting succession rights to the descendants.
_	The results are further supported by the finding that genetically modified mice with impaired mTOR1 signalling live longer.
_	The taxonomy of the populations in the Río de la Plata Basin was reviewed in 2013, leading to the finding that "P. motoro" is found virtually throughout (absent from the Paraná Basin upriver from Itaipu Dam), but also that there are two additional members of this species complex: "P. amandae" (widespread in Río de la Plata Basin) and "P. pantanensis" (northern Pantanal).
_	Following the corrections, some right-wing media outlets embraced the finding that liberalism correlates with psychoticism; the New York Post wrote that "Science says liberals, not conservatives, are psychotic".
_	The influence of the amygdala on memory processing in the caudate nucleus has been demonstrated with the finding that lesions involving the connections between these two structures "block the memory-enhancing effects of oxotremorine infused into the caudate nucleus".
_	In terms of racial bias, several studies have replicated the finding that training participants to pair counterstereotypical traits such as “successful” with images of black individuals is an effective tool for reducing implicit racial bias.
_	They also sought to support the finding that sales agents who are better informed about their products may, in fact, be at a disadvantage against other, less-informed agents when selling their products.
_	Part of the refusal was the finding that Eskom had an additional 6,000 employees that were not needed, costing the company R3.8 billion annually.
_	Evidence for this arises in the finding that perceptual confusion arises because of structural similarity contributes or accounts for some modality specific deficit.
_	Since the favourable and the beautiful are thus considered to be one and the same, they arrive at the finding that beauty is the reason of goodness.
_	Evidence for the conclusion is the finding that women are entering the workforce in contingent positions for a secondary income and a company need of part-time workers based on mechanizing, outsourcing and subcontracting.
_	Another paper published the finding that porous silicon may be used a substrate for hydroxyapatite growth either by simple soaking process or laser-liquid-solid interaction process.
_	J similarly based her decision on the finding that the power to authorise detention in custody was not exclusively judicial power.
_	For example, the finding that an embryonic lethal phenotype in "Drosophila" was associated with Notch dysfunction indicated that Notch mutations can lead to the failure of neural and Epidermal cell segregation in early "Drosophila" embryos.
_	They based this conclusion off of the finding that in comparison to an "All time" period, an "In LF time window" period saw the nucleus rate increase to about six to seven times larger, while the proton rate only increased by twice the amount when comparing the two time periods.
_	A role for AARP in regulating muscle gene expression and sensing stress signals was implicated in the finding that AARP colocalizes with the transcriptional co-activator and co-repressor PML in myoblast nuclei, and binds p53 to enhance the p21(WAFI/CIPI) promoter.
_	The term was coined by Hermann Ebbinghaus through studies he performed on himself, and refers to the finding that recall accuracy varies as a function of an item's position within a study list.
_	However, the finding that disruption of the VWFA due to surgical lesions or electrical brain stimulation has little impact on a person's ability to extract meaning from non-word stimuli provides strong evidence that the function of the VWFA is primarily restricted to processing words and not "any meaningful stimulus."
_	They focused on some members of the city's expatriate community, but the case was officially closed with the finding that the mutilation suggested a Chinese killer, before they could be sure of any suspects; the Japanese occupation foreclosed any further efforts to reopen it.
_	This may be due to the finding that of the physicians in the same study, when presented with a hypothetical scenario of a mistake made by another colleague, only 32% of them would have unconditionally offered support.
_	This corresponds to the finding that macitentan is mainly metabolised via the liver enzyme CYP3A4.
_	U.S. Army Chief of Staff Hugh L. Scott charged Villa's American agent, Sommerfeld, with finding out what happened, but the only result of the inquiry was the finding that Bierce most likely survived after Ojinaga and died in Durango.
_	The ruling to reverse the judgment and prove discrimination was based on the finding that 45% of the population was African American yet no African American had ever actually served on a jury.
_	Taking into account that C4c is deeply rooted in the Asian portion of the mtDNA phylogeny and is indubitably of Asian origin, the finding that C4c and X2a are characterized by parallel genetic histories definitively dismisses the controversial hypothesis of an Atlantic glacial entry route into North America."
_	A well-researched example is the finding that dairy farming created the selection pressure that led to the spread of alleles for adult lactase persistence.
_	The principal issue identified in the MMC’s report, in respect of PDM’s trading practices, related to discriminatory pricing, and in particular the finding that there practices had harmed smaller competitors and restricted competition.
_	In advanced gastric cancers, the prognosis for patients with the SRCCs was significantly worse than for the other histological types, which can be explained by the finding that advanced SRCC gastric cancers have a larger tumor size, more lymph node metastasis, a deeper invasive depth and more Borrmann type 4 lesions than other types.
_	Millett J on the finding that the recipient company had sufficient knowledge, adopting another analysis of the facts.
_	Pope Francis, in an audience at the Vatican on Monday, December 9, 2013, with the Cardinal Prefect of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints, Angelo Amato, S.D.B., gave his assent to the finding that she had lived such a life of heroic virtue, and so she may now be known as Venerable.
_	Regarding the finding that "models that emphasize basic skills produced better results on tests of self-concept than did other models", the authors question the efficacy of the self-esteem measures; implying, among other things, that young students cannot possibly have a concrete understanding of self-concept (pp. 138–139).
_	While the article intended to review the operational design of the "Follow Through" evaluation, instead it appears to (1) refute the finding that cognitive-conceptual and affective-cognitive models were largely failures, and (2) unilaterally condemn the models that emphasize basic skills.
_	Absent from the critique is the finding that, for third graders, only the Direct Instruction model demonstrated positive effects in all three domains, and that one of the remaining two models (Behavior Analysis; the other was the Parent Education model) that had positive effects in at least two domains was also a self-described "basic skills model".
_	The coroner's jury brought in the finding that "death might have been occasioned by the broken ribs, &c."
_	The differences between flash suppression and binocular rivalry have been further emphasized by the finding that stimulus conflict between the two eyes is not a requirement to achieve visual suppression.
_	Members of Zahau's family disputed the finding that her death was suicide and filed a $10 million wrongful death lawsuit against Jonah Shacknai's brother Adam.
_	The strong overconfidence in the accuracy of the effort estimates is illustrated by the finding that, on average, if a software professional is 90% confident or “almost sure” to include the actual effort in a minimum-maximum interval, the observed frequency of including the actual effort is only 60-70%.
_	These measurements have led to the finding that fast CMEs can continue to decelerate even beyond Earth orbit when dragged by slower surrounding solar wind.
_	Ocean floor disposal of radioactive waste has been suggested by the finding that deep waters in the North Atlantic Ocean do not present an exchange with shallow waters for about 140 years based on oxygen content data recorded over a period of 25 years.
_	One theory, based on contemporary literary and inscriptional evidence plus the finding that the Western Chalukyas employed titles and names commonly used by the early Chalukyas, suggests that the Western Chalukya kings belonged to the same family line as the illustrious Badami Chalukya dynasty of the 6th century while other Western Chalukya inscriptional evidence indicates they were a distinct line unrelated to the Early Chalukyas.
_	His researches led to the finding that controlling acidity could limit bacterial growth in wines and reduce spoilage to practically zero.
_	A lanthanide-based analytical procedure was proposed in 2002 based on the finding that the europium complex with various tetracyclines binds hydrogen peroxide forming a luminescent complex.
_	Other relationships include the algorithmic analysis of artworks by X-ray fluorescence spectroscopy, the finding that traditional batiks from different regions of Java have distinct fractal dimensions, and stimuli to mathematics research, especially Filippo Brunelleschi's theory of perspective, which eventually led to Girard Desargues's projective geometry.
_	The extreme male brain theory is based on the finding that males score significantly higher on the systemizing quotient and lower on the empathy quotient than females in both adult and child populations., and that scores of the autistic population were also higher on systemizing and lower on empathizing but to an extreme.
_	On 28 September 2011 the Commission on International Religious Freedom stated: "Despite the finding that Mr. Nadarkhani did not convert to Christianity as an adult, the court continues to demand that he recant his faith or otherwise be executed.
_	This had as its focus a close examination the nature of "skill" and the finding that there was a decline in the use of skilled labor as a result of managerial strategies of workplace control.
_	He oversaw the Deep Sea Drilling Project (1966–1986), which produced scientific advances such as the discovery of deep-sea hydrocarbons, the finding that the Mediterranean Sea had once been a closed basin and even a dry seabed, and confirmation that present ocean basins are young.
_	Coupled with the finding that these migratory females had high ovarian development and mating rate during this time, researchers concluded that this migration promoted female sexual maturation prior to mating.
_	This motion was denied based on the finding that his absence was voluntary.
_	Two months later, the Tribunal reconvened and made the finding that Dempsey had been dishonest and misleading when giving evidence to the Tribunal.
_	This is evident in the finding that the latency of the MMN determines the timing of behavioural responses to changes in the auditory environment.
_	GlaxoSmithKline claimed that the M184V mutation reduces "viral fitness", because of the finding that continued lamivudine treatment causes the HIV viral load to rebound but at a much lower level, and that withdrawal of lamivudine results in a higher viral load rebound with rapid loss of the M184V mutation; GSK therefore argued that there may be benefit in continuing lamivudine treatment even in the presence of high level resistance, because the resistant virus is "less fit".
_	Supporting evidence includes the finding that Dach1 expression is reduced in human malignancies including breast, lung, prostate and brain tumors.
_	Since Neuregulin 1 promotes myelination and is decreased in schizophrenic patients, along with the finding that schizophrenic patients experience white matter deficits, mutations within Neuregulin 1 may underlie cognitive deficits associated with lower white matter integrity, especially within frontotemporal connections.
_	Sundowns were eliminated by As Vita in the third round of the Caf Champions league but with the turn of events AS Vita Club were eliminated in the competition due to the finding that they had used an eligible player during the preliminary matches of the 2016 Orange CAF Champions League.
_	Further investigation of mole-rat magnetoreception lead to the finding that exposure to magnetic fields leads to an increase in neural activity within the superior colliculus as measured by immediate early gene expression.
_	It supported some of the Rind findings, both with respect to the percentage of variance in later psychological outcomes accounted for by sexual abuse and in relation to the finding that there was a gender difference in the experience of child sexual abuse, such that females reported more negative effects.
_	With respect to the finding that the murder was committed in an especially heinous, cruel, or depraved manner, the court observed that under its prior case law, the murder was cruel in light of the evidence that Powell had some uncertainty as to his ultimate fate, and the murder was depraved in light of the evidence that Walton had relished the killing.
_	In psychology, the Simon effect is the finding that reaction times are usually faster, and reactions are usually more accurate, when the stimulus occurs in the same relative location as the response, even if the stimulus location is irrelevant to the task.
_	State Representative Bira do Pindaré reported on the hearing to the legislature, including the finding that a company was extracting sand illegally in the municipality of Presidente Juscelino.
_	Philipson was given relief against the finding that his election campaign had been corrupt, but his election agent Thomas Boal was reported for corrupt and illegal practices.
_	Upon the finding that it caused patients to develop thrombocytopenic purpura, apronalide was withdrawn from clinical use.
