_	This viewpoint ignores the function that the stock market can play a managerial and in monitoring performance even though when the governments remain the controlling owner.
_	"Q" names the function that returns the reward used to provide the reinforcement and can be said to stand for the "quality" of an action taken in a given state.
_	Let formula_109 be the function that takes a vector and constructs a diagonal matrix whose on-diagonal entries are those of the vector.
_	where is any matrix, in this case representing synaptic weights, is the autocorrelation matrix, simply the outer product of inputs, is the function that diagonalizes a matrix, and is the function that sets all matrix elements on or above the diagonal equal to 0.
_	Changing a single amino acid in a protein may reduce its ability to carry out this function, or the mutation may even change the function that the protein carries out.
_	The convex relaxation is the problem arising replacing a non-convex feasible set with its closed convex hull and with replacing a non-convex function with its convex closure, that is the function that has the epigraph that is the closed convex hull of the original primal objective function.
_	The desired behaviour is to bind these calls to the function that takes codice_11 as its argument, as that is the instantiated type of the variable, meaning the expected output would be codice_5 and codice_7.
_	Within FAT, attitudes are considered qualitative variables in relation to the function that they serve.
_	Thomas W. Gaehtgens thus assigned to this image the function that "it is not a description of history, but credentials of the present with the help of a past occurrence."
_	Ling stated, "Her prognosis for maintaining the function that she has is very good.
_	The chain rule says that the composite of these two linear transformations is the linear transformation , and therefore it is the function that scales a vector by "f"′("g"("a"))⋅"g"′("a").
_	The two views of automata are equivalent: the function that the automaton computes is precisely the indicator function of the set of strings it generates.
_	When v is a vector field, the covariant derivative formula_31 is the function that associates with each point "p" in the common domain of "f" and v the scalar formula_32.
_	There is a strong tradition of legal source protection internationally, in recognition of the function that confidential sources play in facilitating 'watchdog' or 'accountability' journalism.
_	Similarly, the relationship between the future state and the current state is of the form x(t+1) = g(x(t)) (where x(t) is the state at time t and g(.) is the function that predicts the future state).
_	Continuing with the baseball batting line-up example, the function that is being defined takes as input the name of one of the players and outputs the position of that player in the batting order.
_	In this case, from underwater vegetation on the seabed persist meadows of Posidonia ocean, while on shore you notice a large presence of vegetation sand heaths, crucial for stabilizing the function that performs on dunali cords and the same.
_	Kirchhoff's great insight was to recognize the universality and uniqueness of the function that describes the black body emissive power.
_	The local shape of a parametric surface can be analyzed by considering the Taylor expansion of the function that parametrizes it.
_	By the 1950s, N.A.P.A.’s prestige had grown along with the function that it served.
_	The convex relaxation is the problem arising replacing a non-convex feasible set with its closed convex hull and with replacing a non-convex function with its convex closure, that is the function that has the epigraph that is the closed convex hull of the original primal objective function.
_	"The Y terms has to assign a new "status" that the object does not already have just in virtue of satisfying the Y term; and there has to be collective agreement, or at least acceptance, both in the imposition of that status on the stuff referred to by the X term and about the function that goes with that status.
_	Quality of life research investigates the function that physical therapy, occupational therapy, exercise or other interventions may play in the quality of life of persons with Parkinson's disease.
_	consider the function that computes the square of a number.
_	Regarding performance, ciphertexts in Gentry's scheme remain compact insofar as their lengths do not depend at all on the complexity of the function that is evaluated over the encrypted data, but the scheme is impractical, and its ciphertext size and computation time increase sharply as one increases the security level.
_	The RMS value of a set of values (or a continuous-time waveform) is the square root of the arithmetic mean of the squares of the values, or the square of the function that defines the continuous waveform.
_	The operator "T" is not nilpotent: take "f" to be the function that is 1 everywhere and direct calculation shows that
_	In the context of C*-algebras or algebraic quantum mechanics, the function that to associates the Rayleigh quotient for a fixed and varying through the algebra would be referred to as "vector state" of the algebra.
_	Then the composition is the function that first multiplies by three and then adds five,
_	Let "u" be the function that minimizes the quotient formula_75
_	Instead, institutional development is endogenous and spontaneously ordered and institutional persistence can be explained by their credibility, which is provided by the function that particular institutions serve rather than their theoretical or ideological form.
_	An intermediate state(formula_18), a ciphertext(formula_19) and a key(formula_20) is chosen such that: formula_21, where formula_22 is the function that maps an intermediate state to a ciphertext using a given key.
_	Let "e" be the function that is 1 in some open neighborhood of λ and 0 elsewhere.
_	This is the function that optimizes the traffic signals based on the number of cars waiting for green (volume) and the duration of their wait (delay).
_	Furthermore, it can be shown that for any convex loss function formula_24, where formula_25 is the function that minimizes this loss, if formula_26 and formula_27 is decreasing in a neighborhood of 0, then formula_28
_	where is the identity function on the set ; that is, the function that leaves its argument unchanged.
_	In the notation the function that is applied first is always written on the right.
_	In the complex numbers there is already a canonical exponential function, the function that maps "x" to "e".
_	For example, in some such models, if is the function that maps a word to its -d vector representation, then
_	For this reason, traditional probabilists use the term indicator function for the function defined here almost exclusively, while mathematicians in other fields are more likely to use the term "characteristic function" to describe the function that indicates membership in a set.
_	To overcome this problem one can often linearise the function that is being optimized using calculus, logs, differentials, or even using evolutionary algorithms, such as the stochastic funnel algorithm.
_	Nearly always, the function that is used to transform the data is invertible, and generally is continuous.
_	When a breakdown or error is produced in one part of a system, the "failsafe" is the function that keeps the effect from spreading to the entire system.
_	The captain would slow the aircraft to its minimum flying speed with maximum angle of attack, disable the "alpha floor" (the function that would otherwise automatically increase engine thrust when the angle of attack reached 15°) and rely on the first officer to adjust the engine thrust manually to maintain 100 feet.
_	If is the function that maps to the number of different digit sequences of that rank, therefore, satisfies the recurrence relation defining the Fibonacci numbers, but with slightly different initial conditions: (there is one rank-0 string, the empty string, and one rank-1 string, consisting of the single digit 1).
_	When using a distribution function with a canonical parameter formula_13, the canonical link function is the function that expresses formula_13 in terms of formula_36, i.e. formula_37.
_	Changing a single amino acid in a protein may reduce its ability to carry out this function, or the mutation may even change the function that the protein carries out.
_	In particular, the function that removes the matching relation from nested words transforms regular languages over nested words into context-free languages.
_	This stack frame is pushed, or allocated, as prelude to calling another function, and is popped, or deallocated, when the other function returns to the function that did the call.
_	The most basic example of a string function is the string length function – the function that returns the length of a string (not counting any terminator characters or any of the string's internal structural information) and does not modify the string.
_	In the C example any local variables captured by the closure will go out of scope once we return from the function that builds the closure.
_	This property is a consequence of the characterization given above of the determinant as the unique "n"-linear alternating function of the columns with value 1 on the identity matrix, since the function that maps can easily be seen to be "n"-linear and alternating in the columns of "M", and takes the value det("A") at the identity.
_	Note that when integrating along an axis other than the , the graph of the function that is farthest from the axis of rotation may not be that obvious.
_	Reporting the appointment, "The Guardian" said that rather than writing pieces for royal occasions, "Weir would concentrate on supporting and speaking up for her composer colleagues, challenging the function that contemporary music fulfils in society, and embarking on a nationwide exploration of the state of music education in order to create pieces that will be useful for schoolchildren and amateur musicians."
_	Sudan constructed the function that bears his name with the same aim as Wilhelm Ackermann: to solve in the affirmative a problem raised by Hilbert.
_	When not available, this feature can be simulated by using, for those two characters, the function that modifies the space between characters in a block of text (usually called tracking).
_	The function codice_18 is syntactic sugar for the function that prints a newline character.
_	In some cases the conditions on the function that are necessary for convergence are satisfied, but the point chosen as the initial point is not in the interval where the method converges.
_	In 1860, Kirchhoff predicted experimental difficulties for the empirical determination of the function that described the dependence of the black-body spectrum as a function only of temperature and wavelength.
_	This observation turned Regge theory from a mathematical curiosity into a physical theory: it demands that the function that determines the falloff rate of the scattering amplitude for particle-particle scattering at large energies is the same as the function that determines the bound state energies for a particle-antiparticle system as a function of angular momentum.
_	Because of its association with the supposed position of Peter among the Apostles, the function that, within the Roman Catholic Church, is exercised by the Bishop of Rome among the bishops as a whole is referred to as the Petrine function, and is generally believed to be of divine institution, in the sense that the historical and sociological factors that influenced its development are seen as guided by the Holy Spirit.
_	Shank seems to have fulfilled the function that clowns had filled at least since the time of Richard Tarleton: he was a "jigging clown" who sang and danced the jig that concluded each performance.
_	Here is the principal branch, ; the function that is returned by calculators and computer applications.
_	By October 2017, the U.S. Army Special Operations Command (USASOC) reverted its decision changing their name back to PSYOP stating, “Psychological operations refers to the name of units, while MISO refers to the function that soldiers in PSYOP units perform.
_	He managed to make his neighbor Herman Heinsbroek join, who would later become Minister of Economic Affairs, the function that Hoogendijk ambitioned for.
_	It predicts that the function that determines the power law is the same function that interpolates the energies where the resonances appear.
_	To compute the derivative of 1/"g"("x"), notice that it is the composite of "g" with the reciprocal function, that is, the function that sends "x" to 1/"x".
_	While applauding its thoroughness, usability and the individual efforts of the authors, he criticized the experimental nature of the work, its specious account of the role of Norwegian newspapers in the legal purge after World War II and its lack of coverage of the function that the Norwegian press played during the 1994 EU referendum.
_	In .NET Framework 4.0, the codice_3 class was introduced, which internally uses double-checked locking by default (ExecutionAndPublication mode) to store either the exception that was thrown during construction, or the result of the function that was passed to codice_3:
_	This is the function that Socrates referred to in Plato's Apology when he said that instead of death he should be sentenced to be cared for in the Prytaneum.
_	In computer science, the complexity function of a string, a finite or infinite sequence of letters from some alphabet, is the function that counts the number of distinct factors (substrings of consecutive symbols) from that string.
_	The "transition function" of the automaton is the function that maps each configuration to its successor.
_	The compensation type that is selected depends on which method is the most cost-effective and which provides the best solution for the function that needs to be fulfilled.
_	Let formula_4 be the function that reflects the parallel workload increase factor as the memory capacity increases m times.
_	Let formula_63 be the function that returns the value of formula_62 used to compute formula_58 if formula_66, or formula_24 if formula_68.
_	In other cases a future and a promise are created together and associated with each other: the future is the value, the promise is the function that sets the value – essentially the return value (future) of an asynchronous function (promise).
_	Plant physiologists are uncertain of the function that betalains serve in those plants which possess them, but there is some preliminary evidence that they may have fungicidal properties.
_	The concept is based on the idea that what customers want from products is not necessarily ownership, but rather the function that the product provides or the service the product can deliver.
_	Because the region of the hippocampus affected by protein malnutrition is so specific, global hippocampal function is not impaired, but rather just the function that would appear to be associated with the CA1.
_	Given an input formula_50 (note, this takes formula_51 bits to represent), the function that returns the formula_52 bit of the input, formula_53, is evaluated on all possible formula_54-bit inputs formula_55, and the codeword is the concatenation of these (of length formula_56).
_	"Corporal Wakisan, who led a team from Canadian Forces in uniform, was so impressed by the function that he promised to bring over 100 officers for next year's walk."
_	Let "f" be the function that maps database entries to 0 or 1, where "f"("x") = 1 if and only if "x" satisfies the search criterion ("x" = "ω").
_	IPBWI is based upon the already existent IPB SDK class and picks up on the function that the project used to provide.
_	Instead, institutional development is endogenous and spontaneously ordered and institutional persistence can be explained by their credibility, which is provided by the function that particular institutions serve.
_	Many sub-classes of GIs exist that are based on the function that they confer.
_	Thus, the number of different generators is "φ"("n"), where "φ" is the Euler totient function, the function that counts the number of numbers modulo "n" that are relatively prime to "n".
_	Curds form, however, due to the function that the enzyme, rennet, plays in removing the hairy layer in the casein micelle.
_	An ROC is the function that relates the proportion of correct recognitions (hit rate) to the proportion of incorrect recognitions (false-alarm rate).
_	Each force/moment specification includes a definition comment, and a specification of the function that calculates the force or moment.
_	The "terminating function" is the function that returns 1 if a program of formula_37 runs for ever when executed on a given integer input, and returns 0 otherwise.
_	Composing this with the function that maps any subset of "X" to its lower closure (again an adjunction for the inclusion of lower sets in the powerset), one obtains the usual supremum map from the powerset 2 to "X".
_	This is because Taylor series can "always" be integrated as one would an ordinary polynomial (using the fact that any Taylor series is uniformly convergent within its radius of convergence), even if there is no elementary antiderivative of the function that generated the Taylor series.
_	The attributional approach, on the other hand, is based on an analysis of the processes needed to fulfil a certain purpose such as the function that a product delivers.
_	Access approval is the function that actually grants or rejects access during operations.
_	It can occur with completely intact graphemic buffer, phonological output lexicon, phonological output buffer, and allographic stage – the function that processes the voicing feature for writing may be selectively impaired without deficits in other functions of the conversion route.
_	Specifically, every constant is interpreted as itself, and every function symbol is interpreted as the function that applies it.
_	Let formula_86 be the set of strictly increasing finite sequences of positive integers, and let formula_87 be the function that sends a sequence in formula_85 to its sequence of partial sums.
_	Essential prime implicants (aka core prime implicants) are prime implicants that cover an output of the function that no combination of other prime implicants is able to cover.
_	For instance, the function that maps a natural number to its successor is clearly monotone with respect to the natural order.
_	Most of these are defined by the function that the given poem fulfills in the context of Jewish prayer service; but a few are defined by other criteria, such as content.
_	Limiting the number of parameters restricts the predictive power of the network directly, reducing the complexity of the function that it can perform on the data, and thus limits the amount of overfitting.
_	While still an undergraduate, he wrote to Paul Erdős concerning his research on the function that maps each integer to the sum of its prime factors (with repetition); Erdős came to Madras to meet him, and their collaboration on this subject became Alladi's first paper.
_	Jacques-Alain Miller pointed to the origins of object (a) in Freud's 'lost object...the function that Freud discovered in the "Three Essays"...and that Karl Abraham made the crux of his theory of development from which he derived the first premises of the "partial object"'.
_	The it() block takes a string as an argument and the string after the 'it' keyword can be considered as the function that the block is expected to perform or in other words it can be considered as a test case.
_	Plant physiologists are uncertain of the function that betalains have in plants which possess them, but there is some preliminary evidence that they may have fungicidal properties.
_	The variable is still local, since it can only be accessed by name inside the function that defined it.
_	However, because, by definition, the existence of a downwards funarg is contained in the execution of the function that creates it, the stack frame for the function can usually still be stored on the stack.
_	Other super-roots are expressible under the same basis used with normal roots: super cube roots, the function that produces "y" when formula_124, can be expressed as formula_125; the 4th super-root can be expressed as formula_126; and it can therefore be said that the "n" super-root is formula_123.
_	The elements of this vector space are those functions from "S" to "K" that map all but finitely many elements of "S" to zero; we identify the element "s" of "S" with the function that maps "s" to 1 and all other elements of "S" to 0.
_	Memory cells control and define the function that the logic performs and how the various logic functions are interconnected.
_	A different formalization of abduction is based on inverting the function that calculates the visible effects of the hypotheses.
_	In mathematics and computer science, the floor function is the function that takes as input a real number formula_1 and gives as output the greatest integer less than or equal to formula_1, denoted formula_3.
_	An example of such a function is the function that returns "0" for all even integers, and "1" for all odd integers.
_	—this is the function that is maximized, when obtaining the value of AIC.
_	Further, formula_56 represents the constant function formula_57, the function that always returns formula_18, no matter the input.
_	where formula_8 is the expenditure function (the function that gives the minimum wealth required to get to a given utility level), and by
_	Formally, the "use" of a reduction is the function that sends each natural number "n" to the largest natural number "m" whose membership in the set "B" was queried by the reduction while determining the membership of "n" in "A".
_	But 0 < "I"(/2) < 2 since the interval [−1, 1] has length 2 and the function that is being integrated takes only values between 0 and 1.
_	While running gjig, hovering the mouse over the buttons provides a balloon with a clear description of the function that the button provides.
_	For, the function that returns if is an integer and returns otherwise obeys the preconditions of the theorem (it preserves unit distances) but is not an isometry.
_	If β is the function that applies α to the self application of something else, then self-applying β performs α recursively on ββ.
_	The difference between the hinge loss and these other loss functions is best stated in terms of "target functions -" the function that minimizes expected risk for a given pair of random variables formula_145.
_	Some of these, like the Laplace mechanism, described below, rely on adding controlled noise to the function that we want to compute.
_	The garryowen, as well as the cross-field kick, while not as reliable as the forward pass and more difficult to execute successfully, can provide some of the function that a forward pass does in American and Canadian football.
_	The total number rolled (the sum of the numbers in each pair) is then a random variable "X" given by the function that maps the pair to the sum:
_	This is equivalent to letting "A" denote the set of functions from the set to the set "A"; the "n"-tuple represents the function that sends "i" to "a".
_	If formula_253 is a linear function that maps vectors to vectors, then its outermorphism is the function that obeys the rule
_	Selected effect theories of biological functions hold that the function of a biological trait is the function that the trait was selected for, as argued by Ruth Millikan.
_	For example, if the domain of discourse consists of integers, a function symbol "f" of arity 2 can be interpreted as the function that gives the sum of its arguments.
_	Patents cover the underlying methodologies embodied in a given piece of software, or the function that the software is intended to serve, independent of the particular language or code that the software is written in.
_	Stative verbs often fulfill the function that an adjective has in English.
_	The denotation of "x:=3" is then the function that takes a state to the state with 3 assigned to x.
_	Sometimes, we know not only the value of the function that we want to interpolate, at some points, but also its derivative.
_	where formula_8 is the function that multiplies by minus one (formula_9), so either version of the Laplace transform can be defined in terms of the other.
_	Additionally, the bottom element of "J(P)" (the function that maps all elements of "P" to 0) is mapped by "g"* to the bottom element of "J(Q)", and the top element of "J(P)" is mapped by "g"* to the top element of "J(Q)".
_	The learning problem consists of inferring the function that maps between the input and the output, such that the learned function can be used to predict output from future input.
_	Because the function that combines these operations is invertible, the automaton defined by these rules is a reversible cellular automaton.
_	Because the check value has a fixed length, the function that generates it is occasionally used as a hash function.
_	In 1897 he created the function that has since been named after him.
_	The Euler–Lagrange equation is used to determine the function that minimizes the functional formula_53.
_	Calculus of variations is concerned with variations of functionals, which are small changes in the functional's value due to small changes in the function that is its argument.
_	Finding that cardiolipin concentration in the outer mitochondrial membrane increased during apoptosis (as well as knowing the function that PLS3 plays in mitochondrial apoptotic effects) clued Lee in to the fact that PLS3 may have effects on this cardiolipin membrane redistribution.
_	So for instance, formula_13 is the function that sends its real argument formula_14 to the output formula_15, or formula_16.
_	Perhaps the best known example for this is the function that associates to every subset of a given vector space its linear span.
_	Similarly, the function that associates to every subset of a given group the subgroup generated by it, and similarly for fields and all other types of algebraic structures.
_	The Dirac comb can be constructed in two ways, either by using the "comb" operator (performing sampling) applied to the function that is constantly formula_4, or, alternatively, by using the "rep" operator (performing periodization) applied to the Dirac delta formula_5.
_	The deflection distance of a member under a load is directly related to the slope of the deflected shape of the member under that load, and can be calculated by integrating the function that mathematically describes the slope of the member under that load.
_	The representations of the cubic harmonics often have a high symmetry and multiplicity so operations like integrations can be reduced to a limited, or irreducible, part of the domain of the function that has to be evaluated.
_	Schuster is known in the field of harmonic analysis for the function that receives his name, whose analytic structure exhibits interesting properties.
_	The best method depends of the nature of the function that makes the equation nonhomogeneous.
_	Empirical risk minimization seeks the function that best fits the training data.
_	Inspired by some correspondence in "Nature" between Michelson and Love about the convergence of the Fourier series of the square wave function, in 1898 J. Willard Gibbs published a short note in which he considered what today would be called a sawtooth wave and pointed out the important distinction between the limit of the graphs of the partial sums of the Fourier series, and the graph of the function that is the limit of those partial sums.
_	In mathematics, a submodular set function (also known as a submodular function) is a set function whose value, informally, has the property that the difference in the incremental value of the function that a single element makes when added to an input set decreases as the size of the input set increases.
_	For example, for representing the function that associates his weight to each member of some population, one draws the histogram of the function that associates to each weight interval the number of people, whose weights belong to this interval.
_	In the early twentieth century, purchasing and the function that it served and represented did not enjoy the full support of management, which was typically indifferent to it or unaware of its potential.
_	In the language of order theory, the floor function is a residuated mapping, that is, part of a Galois connection: it is the upper adjoint of the function that embeds the integers into the reals.
_	It is a tool for measuring the responsiveness of a variable, or of the function that determines it, to changes in causative variables in unitless ways.
_	By the definition above, the choice of an affine coordinate system of an affine space formula_101 allows one to identify the polynomial functions on formula_101 with polynomials in variables, the "i"th variable representing the function that maps a point to its "i"th coordinate.
_	In particular, the function that outputs the string of "n" zeros on any input of length "n" is "not" a one-way function because it is easy to come up with an input that will result in the same output.
_	The small case notation p(t), y_i(t) and upper case notation P(), Y_i() is used to distinguish the penalty values from the function that determines these values based on the random event and control action for slot t.
_	Conversely, if "C" ⊆ P("S") is closed under arbitrary intersections, then the function that associates to every subset "X" of "S" the smallest set "Y" ∈ "C" such that "X" ⊆ "Y" is a closure operator.
_	The number of such maps grows polynomially with formula_1, and the function that counts their number as a function of formula_1 is the order polynomial formula_13.
_	If a complex number is known in terms of its real and imaginary parts, then the function that calculates the principal value is called the two-argument arctangent function atan2:
_	In the context of C*-algebras or algebraic quantum mechanics, the function that to "M" associates the Rayleigh–Ritz quotient "R"("M","x") for a fixed "x" and "M" varying through the algebra would be referred to as "vector state" of the algebra.
_	In the proof he notably used the principle that the solution is the function that minimizes the so-called Dirichlet energy.
_	Then the function that assigns 7 to the set {1,4,7}, 9 to {9}, and 2 to {2,7} is a choice function on "X".
_	The product of two permutations is defined as their composition as functions, in other words "σ·π" is the function that maps any element "x" of the set to "σ"("π"("x")).
_	In the Inuit culture story telling had the function that in other cultures literature has.
_	According to this theory, if an area of the brain is damaged, the function that the area is responsible for may decline as well.
_	The title emancipated very soon from the function that this expressed, and became a sign of belonging to one sex, so that several persons could lead under the same title at the same time.
_	and the problem of finding the minimal surface of revolution becomes one of finding the function that minimizes this integral, subject to the boundary conditions that formula_5 and formula_6.
_	Different galectins have distinct binding specificities for binding oligosaccharides depending on the tissue in which they are expressed and the function that they possess.
_	An example of a balanced boolean function is the function that assigns a 1 to every even number and 0 to all odd numbers (likewise the other way around).
_	The corresponding classifier, a Bayes classifier, is the function that assigns a class label formula_21 for some as follows:
_	The goal of these ‘functional attitude theories,’ (FAT) as they would come to be known, was to understand the effect of functional attitudinal states in relation cognition and behavior, and specifically, for Katz (1960),> to increase the efficacy of persuasive communications by matching approaches or appeals to the function that the attitude served.
_	The Banach algebra formula_114 has a multiplicative identity element if and only if "G" is a discrete group, namely the function that is 1 at the identity and zero elsewhere.
_	The first line is the void main function which is the function that a NWScript will start at.
_	More precisely, the conductor computes the non-triviality of higher ramification groups: if "s" is the largest integer for which the "lower numbering" higher ramification group "G" is non-trivial, then formula_6, where η is the function that translates from "lower numbering" to "upper numbering" of higher ramification groups.
_	The product of two permutations is defined as their composition as functions, in other words "σ·π" is the function that maps any element "x" of the set to "σ"("π"("x")).
_	When I decided that I wanted to play only jazz in the Orquesta, then I got fired . . . . and after a while, the Orquesta ceased to achieve the function that it was created for and it disappeared—D'Rivera (2011: web).
_	This process is called form follows function, as the form of the new product is derived from the function that it should fulfill.
_	An example is the function that relates each real number "x" to its square "x".
_	A standard example of model selection is that of curve fitting, where, given a set of points and other background knowledge (e.g. points are a result of i.i.d. samples), we must select a curve that describes the function that generated the points.
_	The suggested implementation can, like the fixed length implementation, be seen as traffic shaping function in which the queue is a delay element, rather than the bucket, and the function that services the queue is, in this case, explicitly given as a token bucket: it is decremented for conforming packets and incremented at a fixed rate.
_	In terms of image segmentation, the function that MRFs seek to maximize is the probability of identifying a labelling scheme given a particular set of features are detected in the image.
_	They are "solved" by finding an expression for the function that does not involve derivatives.
_	For example, in Laplace's equation with Dirichlet boundary conditions, "F" would be the Laplacian operator in a region "R", "G" would be an operator that restricts "y" to the boundary of "R", and "z" would be the function that "y" is required to equal on the boundary of "R".
_	Under its first general manager, Phil Lasky, KPIX gained an early reputation for news coverage, being noted for originating national CBS coverage of the Japanese Peace Conference of 1951 (the event which "officially" brought an end to World War II, similar to the function that the Treaty of Versailles served for World War I), held in San Francisco (for which Lasky was commended by then-CBS News president Sig Mickelson), as well as local news coverage of the 1953 crash of an Australian airliner while on approach to San Francisco International Airport, and a powder explosion a few weeks afterward at an explosives plant in suburban Hercules.
_	where ["e"] is the class of the function that is 1 on the identity of "G" and zero elsewhere.
_	Let formula_5 be the function that compares the low parts of the memory configurations, i.e., formula_6 iff formula_7.
_	In this case pFunc is the perturbation function and it is applied to the return value of the function that has been called introducing a fault into the system.
_	This method is an example of explicit time integration where the function that defines governing equation is evaluated at the current time.
_	That is, the approximation between two points on a given function gets worse with the second derivative of the function that is approximated.
_	where denotes the inner product of tangent vectors at defined by the metric and is the function that takes any point to the directional derivative of in the direction , evaluated at .
_	where is the function that is farthest from the axis of rotation and is the function that is closest to the axis of rotation.
_	As part objects, it is the function that is identified by the experiencing self, rather than whole and autonomous others.
_	Formally, if "f" is the function that corresponds to the number of
_	This method is an example of explicit time integration where the function that defines governing equation is evaluated at the current time.
_	Because the closure in this case outlives the execution of the function that creates it, the variables codice_38 and codice_56 live on after the function codice_57 returns, even though execution has left their scope and they are no longer visible.
_	In this new feature space, the function that needs to be maximized is
