_	Though state and federal rulemakers have broad constitutional latitude to establish rules of evidence in criminal trials, this is limited by the guarantee that criminal defendants have "a meaningful opportunity to present a complete defense," a right protected by both the Compulsory Process Clause of the Sixth Amendment and the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.
_	A big selling point for variable annuities is the guarantees many have, such as the guarantee that the customer will not lose his or her principal.
_	PROELA demanded a clarification from Ferrer's leadership, questioning if the intention of the resolution was make it clear that any future negotiation would be done with the guarantee that Puerto Rico remains as a subordinate of the United States.
_	In the course of these reauthorizations, strict federal rules and regulations were created for the guarantee that funds would be allocated solely to students in need – specifically students eligible for services based on socioeconomic status and academic achievement.
_	The two kings decided to request five Russian regiments and join the war with the Ottoman Empire in exchange of the guarantee that Georgian interests would be protected in the final Russo-Turkish peace deal.
_	Tom Pate, a Vicksburg trader, bought at the sale a man, his wife, and his two sisters with the guarantee that they were not to be separated in accordance with the terms of the auction.
_	The popularity of tax lien sales is driven, in large part, by the maximum rate of returns offered, which can be far higher than other investments, as well as the guarantee that the governmental entity, if the lien is redeemed, will repay the investor.
_	This engagement was the guarantee that the young Dukes of Opole don't follow the steps of his uncle Władysław Opolczyk against the Kingdom of Poland.
_	After the funeral, Joscelin had Sibylla named as her brother's successor, although she had to agree to divorce Guy, just as her father had divorced her mother, with the guarantee that she would be allowed to choose a new consort.
_	This is exactly the guarantee that it is a k-approximation algorithm.
_	If this happens continuously (extremely rare), the temporary deadlock can be extended until right before the program exits, when the other unrelated threads are guaranteed to finish (because of the guarantee that one thread will always run to completion).
_	The same was done by the kings of Great Britain; for example, the Treaty of 1725, establishing a relationship between King George III and the "Maeganumbe ... tribes Inhabiting His Majesty's Territories," acknowledged the King's title to the provinces of Nova Scotia and Acadia in exchange for the guarantee that the indigenous people "not be molested in their persons ... by His Majesty's subjects."
_	In fact, in many cases surgeons will not perform surgery without the guarantee that the individual will stop smoking.
_	Because Northern Ireland had a unionist majority, the guarantee that Northern Ireland would remain part of the UK unless the Belfast parliament resolved otherwise copper-fastened the so-called "unionist veto" in British law.
_	This simplification is fundamentally due to the guarantee that once a leader is suspected, it will be removed from the view and would need to rejoin before participating in the protocol.
_	He would need to issue more privileges to the nobility to secure the guarantee that upon his death, one of his sons would inherit.
_	To enhance the guarantee that a consumer product with an UTZ Certified logo does indeed credibly link to an UTZ certified producer, the UTZ Certified program contains Chain of Custody requirements.
_	In 1085 the parish of Mijdrecht, together with those of Wilnis, Tamen, Zevenhoven en Kudelstaart, was granted to the Deaconate of St. John (Proosdij van Sint-Jan), by Conrad, the Prince-bishop of Utrecht, in return for a depot in the Holland-Utrecht border region and the guarantee that the deaconate would develop the rugged terrain for habitation.
_	Citizens act as a public when they deal with matters of general interest without being subject to coercion; thus with the guarantee that they may assemble and unite freely, and express and publicize their opinions freely.
_	What is the guarantee that you can be happy with Rs.10000 salary he gets every month he hits back at Anjali.
_	The third rule introduced gives customers the guarantee that no aspects of their particular plan will change unless they amend them.
_	In anonymity networks (e.g., Tor, Crowds, Mixmaster, I2P, etc.), it is important to be able to measure quantitatively the guarantee that is given to the system.
_	Among the requirements of this understanding, the loan was dependent on: the guarantee that the Azores followed the objectives of the "Programa de Ajustamento Econónomico e Financeiro" ("Program for Economic and Financial Adjustment"); stabilized public finances; refrain from aggravating public finances (directly or indirectly) through the remuneration of public service employees, the reduction of public servants inline with the objectives of the PAEF; a promise not to create new public-private partnerships that resulted in new financial burdens; an analysis of existing public-partnerships (within three months from the memorandum's signing) as a precondition for funding; regular monthly bulletins on the state of Regional finances, remitted to the "Direção-Geral do Orçamento" ("Directorate-General for the Budget"); full cooperation with the "Inspecção-Geral de Finanças" ("General Inspection for Finances"); among other details.
_	Proof confluence of the underlying calculus is relevant to completeness: proof confluence is the guarantee that a closed tableau can be always generated from an arbitrary partially constructed tableau (if the set is unsatisfiable).
_	It's also not hard to see that it is trivial to implement all kinds of genetic modification (mutation, inversion, insertion, recombination, and so on) with the guarantee that all resulting offspring encode correct, error-free programs.
_	Only is publicly disclosed, and given the difficulty to factor large numbers we have the guarantee that no-one else knows the factorization.
_	It also is the guarantee that our mission will not be a 'small mission,' a project just of the Jesuits, but that our mission is the mission of the Church."
_	When no path exists in X from one initial configuration to the goal, we have the guarantee that no feasible path exists in C.
_	"Small in stature, bandy-legged, but fierce," he was promised half a French crown of gold and the guarantee that he would be maintained for life if he survived.
_	This legal guarantee protects the consumer from: purposefully hidden malfunctions, defaults that could not be readily identified at the moment of purchase, the guarantee that the item purchased can be used for its stated uses and finally guarantees a reasonable life expectancy based on the price paid.
_	For example, one wants to send a message to a player at a specified position with the guarantee that it can only be read if the receiving party is located at that particular position.
_	Further, what was the guarantee that once the Mughals take Guwahati, they would not reach for Garhgaon or even Namrup.
_	Informally, PPAD is the subclass of TFNP where the guarantee that there exists a "y" such that P("x","y") holds is based on a parity argument on a directed graph.
_	A notion was passed which strongly condemned the New South Wales Ice Hockey Association for not providing the guarantee that they would instruct their referees to enforce the rules during the games and a unanimous decision was made that the 40 attendees that represented NSWIHA would submit their resignation from the NSWIHA immediately.
_	In 2010, Caio became a kind of talisman of coach Joel Santana, getting into three games of the Taça Guanabara and making three goals, including the guarantee that the job club at the end of Guanabara Cup in play against the favorite Flamengo.
_	With this two loop control strategy, we have the guarantee that the robot will always stay inside the required corridor.
_	However, it has been suggested that if the Australian Government grant children and their parents access into Australian communities without undergoing the same tests and detention period as other refugees and asylum seekers, then it will be assumed that anyone can illegally enter Australia with the guarantee that children and their parents will not have to endure the detention period.
_	Promising "Russian protection" and the guarantee that the khans would remain in power in their domains, the khan of Karabakh, Ibrahim Khalil Khan signed an agreement with Tsitsianov on 26 May 1805.
_	The accreditation is related to the improvement of the educational quality in Mexico and with the guarantee that the accredited institutions meet the established standards.
_	They asked Solid Sessions if they would like to collaborate on the track with the guarantee that they would respect the beauty of the original work and that if it was not agreed that both producers liked the remix it would not be released.
_	Since a goal state could potentially be pruned, beam search sacrifices completeness (the guarantee that an algorithm will terminate with a solution, if one exists).
_	In 1910, Dement bought the stallion Black Allan from fellow horseman James Brantley, with the guarantee that the horse would live through the breeding season.
_	Additionally, this estimate has the guarantee that formula_5 with probability formula_6, where formula_7 is the stream size, i.e. the total number of items seen by the sketch.
_	The most important part of the law is the guarantee that doctors performing active euthanasia or assisting to commit suicide will not be liable to prosecution.
_	Each of these organizations is free to issue any certificate for any web site and have the guarantee that web browsers that include its root certificates will accept it as genuine.
_	When launched, the line only consisted of children's jeans which were sold with the guarantee that children would grow out of them before the pants wore out.
_	Requiring a lawyer to represent a corporation in filing the notice does not violate the guarantee that any suitor may prosecute or defend a suit personally.
_	The horse's price was $140, and he was sold with the guarantee that he would live through the breeding season.
_	Witnessing the Averescan phenomenon from the side, Nicolae Iorga argued that the PP was even flimsier than that: "the [PP's] program was Averescu, the guarantee that it would be effected was Averescu, the party prestige was Averescu, the fight for an ideal was Averescu.
_	The Ethics Commission provides the guarantee that all the Foundation’s activities respect the basic values of the Foundation and the ethical requirements that any organization of public interest managing capital flow has to fulfil.
_	After being admitted to the hospital, he told his cousin Francisco Dornelles-who had been appointed as Finance Minister, that he would not have surgery if he didn’t have the guarantee that outgoing President João Figueiredo would induct José Sarney.
_	Denormal numbers provide the guarantee that addition and subtraction of floating-point numbers never underflows; two nearby floating-point numbers always have a representable non-zero difference.
_	The Skipton District Labour Party decided to endorse Lawson, the Common Wealth candidate, in exchange for the guarantee that Lawson would stand down in favour of a Labour candidate at the next general election.
_	It emerges that Lieutenant William Lawford has requested Sharpe to join him in a special mission, which he agrees to with the guarantee that he will be made a sergeant if successful.
_	He eventually went on to sign upon the guarantee that he would be allowed to keep his job with Arrol-Johnston.
_	Pelloutier and other revolutionary syndicalists argued that the Bourses—small scale, local, self made—were the guarantee that the CGT would remain both directly democratic and revolutionary.
_	For the same reason, the Church alone can give us the guarantee that the ideal of the Christian life will always remain pure and unadulterated, and will not be identified with one particular state or with a subordinate virtue (cf. Zahn, l. c., p. 124).
_	Foods, flavorings and scents are often sold with the guarantee that chemical additives come from natural sources.
_	The North Korean press stated: "["S"]"ongun" politics is the guarantee that will secure the re-unification of the Fatherland".
_	The only criteria for it are: "professional achievement, longevity of five years or more, contributions to the community and the guarantee that the celebrity will attend the dedication ceremony if selected."
_	What is the guarantee that these people—who indulge in politics through their money and muscle power—will not target us tomorrow?
_	Often, it will be infeasible for the fault injection implementation to keep track of enough state to make the guarantee that the API functions make.
_	For performing computation with the format, Gustafson proposes using interval arithmetic with a pair of unums, what he calls a "ubound", providing the guarantee that the resulting interval contains the exact solution.
_	Having slipped into a coma, Sam has a dream in which he realizes that he is dying and struggles between whether or not he should even try to fight, eventually electing to let himself die with the guarantee that this time he cannot be revived and cause anymore damage.
_	As regards the kind of note or memorandum of the guarantee that will satisfy the statute of frauds, "no special promise to be made, by any person after the passing of this act, to answer for the debt, default or miscarriage of another person, being in writing and signed by the party to be charged, or some other person by him thereunto lawfully authorized, shall be deemed invalid to support an action, suit or other proceeding, to charge the person by whom such promise shall have been made, by reason only that the consideration for such promise does not appear in writing or by necessary inference from a written document."
_	Procedural due process is the guarantee of a fair legal process when the government tries to interfere with a person's protected interests in life, liberty, or property, and substantive due process is the guarantee that the fundamental rights of citizens will not be encroached on by government.
_	There was also controversy over attempts to dilute the guarantee that the duke would sell no other of the paintings from the Sutherland Loan should the two Titians be bought.
_	The introduction of sponsors, in addition to an increase in the guarantee that had to be paid, was considered responsible for the significant reduction in the number of candidates from the 2002 elections, when there were 24 candidates.
_	In August 2016, Québec's chief scientist Rémi Quirion says Maillé's research would never have been funded without the guarantee that the participants would remain anonymous.
_	He tried to support the Turkish national movement and corresponded with Mustafa Kemal, giving him the guarantee that he did not intend to intervene in the movement in Anatolia.
_	Sun Microsystems made an irrevocable intellectual property covenant, providing all implementers with the guarantee that Sun will not seek to enforce any of its enforceable U.S. or foreign patents against any implementation of the OpenDocument specification in which development Sun participates to the point of incurring an obligation.
_	Similarly, good governance might be approximated with provision of public services in an efficient manner, higher participation given to certain groups in the population like the poor and the minorities, the guarantee that citizens have the opportunity of checks and balances on the government, the establishment and enforcement of norms for the protection of the citizens and their property and the existence of independent judiciary systems.
_	He was the High Court judge in the celebrated Constitutional test case "O'Byrne v Minister for Finance" on the interpretation of the guarantee that a judge's salary shall not be reduced, a subject which remains controversial today.
_	Directional formula_38-consistency is the guarantee that every consistent assignment to formula_37 variables can be consistently extended to another variable that is higher in the order.
_	There was also controversy over attempts to dilute the guarantee that the duke would sell no other of the paintings from the Sutherland Loan should the two Titians be bought.
_	If the dynamics of a system are chaotic then shooting moves based on perturbation of the start coordinates should have a very high rate of failure in generating rare events, however a benefit is that shooting can function equally well (if time-symmetry is present) by making a perturbation to the final conditions of the system (post rare-event) and running the simulation backwards, thereby sampling new paths with the guarantee that they terminate in the rare event.
_	Przemysław II's growing importance, however, didn't please Bohemian-Hungarian king Matthias Corvinus, who, during the meeting of Racibórz in 1475, obtained from Casimir IV of Poland the guarantee that he could interfere without difficulties in the sovereignty over the Duchy of Teschen, threatening to completely deprive Przemysław II if he didn't pay a huge contribution.
