_	When the tomb was opened, her body had crumbled to dust except for her right hand (the hand that dispensed gifts).
_	"The Tyger" presents a duality between aesthetic beauty and primal ferocity, and Blake believes that to see one, the hand that created "The Lamb", one must also see the other, the hand that created "The Tyger”: "Did he who made the Lamb make thee?"
_	In the hand of a good doctor, of one who really knows the human soul ... both theories, when applied to the really sick part of a soul, are wholesome caustics, of great help in dosages measured to the individual case, but harmful and dangerous in the hand that knows not how to measure and weigh (Jung, 1966: par. 65).
_	Depending on the instrument and the style of music, the musician may pluck, strum or bow one or more strings with the hand that is not fretting the notes.
_	If no one has a pair-royal, the highest pair wins, and next to this, the hand that holds the highest cards.
_	In guitar, performance elements such as musical dynamic and tonal variation are mostly determined by the hand that physically produces the sound.
_	In other words, the hand that plucks the strings defines the musical expression.
_	In human anatomy, the dorsal interossei (DI) are four muscles in the back of the hand that act to abduct (spread) the index, middle, and ring fingers away from hand's midline (ray of middle finger) and assist in flexion at the metacarpophalangeal joints and extension at the interphalangeal joints of the index, middle and ring fingers.
_	Giovanni is back his in room nursing the hand that was touched by Beatriz.
_	After his speech, comrade Dolores Ibarruri, an old revolutionary and a devoted worker in the Communist movement, got up indignantly and said, very much to the point, that Hoxha was like a dog who bites the hand that feeds it."
_	And curse the hand that killed Almighty God.
_	A knight with Ghibelline sympathies, but fighting with the Florentines (Bocca degli Abati), joined the Sienese cause by charging the standard-bearer of the Florentine cavalry and cutting off the hand that held the Florentine battle flag.
_	Bill O'Reilly, host of the Fox News show "The O'Reilly Factor", aired the clip during the show's "Pinheads and Patriots" segment, saying "Continuing to bite the hand that feeds part of it, Fox broadcasting once again allows its cartoon characters to run wild."
_	Canes are generally held in the hand that is opposite to the side of the injury or weakness.
_	The part of the hand that wrote.
_	In "A Tale of Love and Darkness", his memoir of coming of age in the midst of Israel's violent birth pangs, Oz credits Anderson's “modest book” with his own realization that "the written world … always revolves around the hand that is writing, wherever it happens to be writing: where you are is the center of the universe."
_	Days after president Obama's visit to Moscow, U.S. vice president Joe Biden, noting that the U.S. was "vastly underestimat[ing] the hand that [it] h[e]ld", told a U.S. newspaper that Russia, with its population base shrinking and the economy "withering", would have to make accommodations to the West on a wide range of national-security issues.
_	If shooting according to hand dexterity, the archer draws the string with the hand that possesses the greatest dexterity, regardless of eye dominance.
_	The book lover, more richly endowed, broods over the hand that fashioned the volume he reads, and, like the Tramp-Royal, he goes on until he dies observing "the different ways that different things are done", the materials, the processes, the how and what and why of the ancient mysteries of printing, paper making, type founding, ink making, press building, and binding."
_	The device has sometimes been called a "Belshazzar", after Belshazzar's feast ("In the same hour came forth fingers of a man's hand, and wrote over against the candlestick upon the plaister of the wall of the king's palace: and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote" ()).
_	Soon the hand that writes these verses
_	Whereupon he replied: "No, you are going to die" and shot her another three times in the chest, one bullet passing through the hand that she had instinctively put up to cover one of the gun's muzzles.
_	They bend the forest and crush the city, yet may not forest or city behold the hand that smites.
_	The lumbricals are intrinsic muscles of the hand that flex the metacarpophalangeal joints and extend the interphalangeal joints.
_	He called the band "truly radical post-punkers" and said that "World Domination Enterprises didn’t just bite the hand that fed.
_	Verdi's response, which came right away was quite blunt: in addition to complaining of his age, his years of service, and raising other objections, he states: "The conclusion is that all this has cast a chill over this "Otello", and stiffened the hand that had begun to trace out a few bars!", but, in total contrast, Boito appears to have simply decided to carry on.
_	For a right-handed player, the traditional classical guitar has twelve frets clear of the body and is properly held on the left leg, so that the hand that plucks or strums the strings does so near the back of the sound hole (this is called the classical position).
_	Harris made three election videos for the Robinson campaign, and claims to have been responsible for a memorable line from her acceptance speech: "the hand that rocked the cradle rocked the system."
_	A former convict, he realized that begging leads nowhere "unless there is a touching story behind the hand that begs", so he created an organized network of beggars, each with an invented, tear-jerking, background story that yields millions.
_	The title is taken from a part of the prayer that the PTA says near the beginning, which, in its entirety is "Sein ist die Hand die verletzt", meaning "His is the hand that wounds".
_	And this the hand that slew thy brother Rutland,
_	Since, the hand that shows the hours is slightly past 1 o'clock, and the minute hand is located between eleven and twelve.
_	Technical examination reveals significant differences between Memling's style and the hand that executed the arbor: the green pigments differ from the pigments used for the green background landscape; and the brushstrokes "are broader and more descriptive of nature than are the schematic strokes that characterize the stylized trees and bushes of the background landscape".
_	In the Vardon Grip, one places the little finger of the trailing hand (the one placed lower on the club – right hand for a right-handed player) in between the index and middle finger on the leading hand (the hand that is higher on the club).
_	"Poet": Nay, if you read this line, remember not the hand that wrote it, if that memory would cause you grief.
_	His promise brought him generous patrons in his early days in Ireland, but he scorned the hand that fed him, denied the friends who would have nursed his genius, and ran away to England to keep bad company.
_	The film "Fight Club", directed by David Fincher, bit the hand that fed it by depicting acts of violence against most of the products that paid to be placed in the film.
_	May the hand that strikes me be heavy, may the judges that charge me be ruthless [...]
_	thereby providing an evolutionary explanation for the two unique grips, and the extensive anatomical remodeling of the hand that made them possible.
_	Structure is the hand that holds up what you want to say."
_	Bill O'Reilly, host of the Fox News show "The O'Reilly Factor", aired the clip during the show's "Pinheads and Patriots" segment, saying "Continuing to bite the hand that feeds part of it, Fox broadcasting once again allows its cartoon characters to run wild."
_	When a person is forced to use the hand opposite of the hand that they would naturally use, this is known as "forced laterality", or more specifically "forced dextrality".
_	The flexor pollicis brevis is a muscle in the hand that flexes the thumb.
_	As put by the LDS Church, "the body is as a glove, and the spirit the hand that moves".
_	If you don't like the hand that is dealt to you, you can take another, and after that, another..."
_	Such was the success of Hitler's bribery system that by 1942, many officers had come to expect the bestowing of "gifts" from Hitler and were unwilling to bite the hand that fed them so generously.
_	The joints of the hand that is involved in psoriasis are the proximal interphalangeal (PIP), the distal interphalangeal (DIP), the metacarpophalangeal (MCP), and the wrist.
_	However, Tristan looked not at the sword that would kill him or the hand that wielded the sword, but into her eyes ("Er sah' mir in die Augen").
_	The technical figure consists of lateral movements of the hand that must be played with flourish and refinement.
_	"On his way to the track in nearly perfect weather on Sunday morning, race promoter Ulmann realized that, indeed, he had bitten the hand that might have fed him.
_	Poor nurture during pregnancy can worsen the hand that nature has dealt."
_	Changes in dynamic may be signalled with the hand that is not being used to indicate the beat: an upward motion (usually palm-up) indicates a crescendo; a downward motion (usually palm-down) indicates a diminuendo.
_	It is also common to use an additional non-verbal safety mechanism, such as a solid object held in the hand that can be released by the gagged person to signal distress.
_	I did not take it from my wife because I didn't wish hers to be the hand that poisoned me."
_	Aeschylus by showing the jury the stump of the hand that he lost at Salamis, where he was voted bravest warrior.
_	Hand strength measurements are of interest to study pathology of the hand that involves loss of muscle strength.
_	The harsh tone of the Chicago speech seriously damaged Murrow's friendship with Paley, who felt Murrow was biting the hand that fed him.
_	The amount of resonance is controlled by opening and closing the hand that is holding the rod.
_	An inability to recognise it as a homegrown problem that bites the hand that fed it.
_	A kangaroo tears the tickets (and even the hand that holds it) and throws them in his pouch.
_	'This is the hand that touched the hand of the Messenger of God?'
_	It was very funny when he explained it, everyone in and around the music business he was in was telling him to get a mechanical hand to replace the hand that he'd trained for so long to play guitar.
_	That night crowds at the house of Rossi's widow chanted "Blessed is the hand that stabbed the Rossi".
_	This is the hand that stabbed thy father York
_	When the instrument is played with one beater, the hand that holds the triangle can also be used to damp or slightly modify the tone.
_	At first, he focused—in what a publisher described (considering his parallel employment writing "for" television) as "nibbling the hand that feeds him"—on television criticism in his usual droll style; a collection of this criticism was published in 1955 as "The Book of Little Knowledge: More Than You Want to Know About Television".
_	Must I kiss the hand that beats me, lick the boot that kicks me?
_	For firearms, the pistol grip is generally used by the hand that operates the trigger.
_	Death was "the hand that opens the door to our cage the home we instinctively fly to."
_	Standard proverbs are essentially defined phrases, well-known to many people, as e. g. "Don't bite the hand that feeds you".
_	When this sequence is deliberately slightly changed ("Don't bite the hand that looks dirty") it becomes an anti-proverb.
_	In Thailand, the Thai author pennamed "Nam Obb" () wrote her novel by the translation of "Is the hand that rules the world.", Khe Hatta Khrong Pipop in 1994.
_	The first is gripping the pistol with two hands so that the slight forward pressure on the grip of the hand that drew the pistol is opposed by a rearward pressure on the grip of the second hand.
_	"Variety" gave a mixed review, remarking that it "is ultimately undone by its inability to reconcile its two contradictory impulses — to be the next "Blair Witch" while mocking the hand that feeds it."
_	If he found aspects of the established church uncongenial and awkward, he remained prepared to defend it: "Still I reverence the church and do from my soul as much as anyone curse the hand that's lifted to undermine its constitution".
_	The title translates from German as "the hand that wounds."
_	A water-pot is held in her left hand or placed near her throne or placed in the hand that makes the "abhaya" mudra - gesture of protection.
_	Surely Cairano's, however, is the hand that produced the sculptures along with anthropomorphic figures, dolphins and fantastic creatures, the artist already experimented with these in the Loggia; and once again, the artist inserted small Caesars, both on the portal as well as the overpass, which achieve the poetic zenith of some of his portraiture of old.
_	Commenting on the declaration of war, François-Poncet called it "a dagger blow to man who has already fallen", and this occasioned United States President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's famous remark that "the hand that held the dagger has struck it into the back of its neighbor".
_	The blocker is worn on the hand that holds the stick, so a right-handed goaltender wears the blocker on the right hand, and a left-handed goaltender wears it on the left hand.
_	On the December 26 episode of "Raw", during the contract-signing for the match between Big Show and Triple H at New Year's Revolution, Triple H struck Big Show in the hand that Big Show apparently favors when using the chokeslam with his sledgehammer.
_	For the hand that wields this sword and slays with it is then no more man's hand, but God's, and it is not man but God, who hangs, tortures, beheads, slays and fights.
_	The voice then identifies itself as "the hand that takes" and informs the narrator that the "American planes" are coming.
_	Finger work involves initially lifting the hair to be cut with the comb, then grasping the lifted hair between the index and middle finger of the opposite hand while transferring the comb to that hand and cutting it with the shears held in the hand that initially held the comb.
_	The comb is then transferred back to the hand that holds the shears and the process is repeated in swaths that go from front to back, outer to inner areas of the right and left sides of the top.
_	Moving the hand that holds the ball excessively in the direction of the handpass, using an open hand instead of a clenched fist to tap the ball away, throwing the ball off the carrying hand before punching it away, or handing the ball directly to a teammate will all attract a free kick for illegal disposal.
_	The flexor digiti minimi brevis is a hypothenar muscle in the hand that flexes the little finger (digit V) at the metacarpophalangeal joint.
_	The whip is held in the hand that the horse is not going (so if the horse were going to the right, the whip would be held in the lunger's left hand).
_	Some academies will place the hand that is not guarding onto the floor to get even lower.
_	Carrera's continued protests led to accusations by others that she was biting the hand that fed her.
_	And we also gently nibble the hand that feeds us canapés...
_	Kenen was "an old-fashioned liberal", according to former AIPAC volunteer journalist M.J. Rosenberg, who did not seek to win support by donating to campaigns or otherwise influencing elections, but was willing to "play with the hand that is dealt us".
_	Whereas in the standard game which includes partners, in the Two-handed game each player plays both the hand that is dealt to them and their partner’s which is dealt to the table.
_	Play then continues with the lead from the hand that won the last trick.
_	In order to gain tricks by trumping, the ruff has to be taken in the short hand, or enough ruffs must be made in the hand that was originally longer in trumps to make it shorter than the other hand (dummy reversal, described above).
_	The speaker then tells his beloved youth that if even reading this sonnet will cause him to suffer, he should forget the hand that wrote the poem.
_	Each pack on the foot has a built-in motor and battery pack, remote-controlled by a wireless device in the hand that controls both skates at once.
_	Ariadne is unharmed, but there is blood all around her, and when she opens the hand that lay on her breast
_	Such was the success of Hitler's bribery system that by 1942 many officers had come to expect "gifts" from Hitler, and were not willing to bite the hand that so generously fed them.
_	Baer "visited the stricken fighter's bedside", where he offered Frankie's wife Ellie the hand that hit her husband.
_	In his verses we find Octavio Paz's influence, as evidenced in his poem "Sino gestos", also included in "La mirada", which reads: "condemned to the same decay / the poem / the hand that writes it / and that erases it / the gaze that follows it / and rejects it / he that dreams it / and who also invents it"
_	Hearing his assailants chatter and convinced he heard the prince was still alive, he cried "Cursed be the hand that missed!"
_	Sawists can add vibrato by shaking one of their legs or by wobbling the hand that holds the tip of the blade.
_	He looked at lattice-work on the fire escape and realized some hand had crafted that; he then looked at the sky and intuited that some hand had crafted that also, or rather, that the sky was the hand that crafted itself.
_	The "NME" wrote that the album's "trademark Muse themes of brainwashing, warmongering superpowers, suppression of The Truth and the urgent need to fight the hand that bleeds us still resonate in 2015, but obliquely ...
_	The public was shocked that Hunt, who had been obliged to Byron for so much, would "bite the hand that fed him" in this way.
_	He was working on "Biting the hand that feeds me!", his autobiography.
_	With his fall the nobility of the Redskin is extinguished, and what few are left are a pack of whining curs who lick the hand that smites them.
_	The Hand of Glory is the dried and pickled hand of a man who has been hanged, often specified as being the left () hand, or, if the man were hanged for murder, the hand that "did the deed."
_	Arguably, the first recorded episode of persianization dates back to Alexander the Great, who, after conquering the Persian Empire in the 4th century BCE, adopted Persian dress, customs and court mannerisms; married a Persian princess, Stateira II and made subjects cast themselves on their faces when approaching him, in Persian-style, known to Greeks as the custom of proskynesis, a symbolic kissing of the hand that Persians paid to their social superiors.
_	Gogol and Guro assume that they found the Horseman and rush to the inn where they discover Hanna; she does not have the hand that was found at the mill.
_	Another notable quotation of his is that the "noblest of all dogs is the hot-dog; it feeds the hand that bites it."
_	The abductor pollicis brevis is a muscle in the hand that functions as an abductor of the thumb.
_	IOC marketing director Michael Pane noted that the campaign was being widely criticized, as athletes were "likely to be uncomfortable when their shoe sponsor says they have failed unless they win a gold medal", and that Nike was "crossing the very fine line between having an impact and biting the hand that creates tomorrow's heroes."
_	The Queen then finds Robin and bites the hand that had been afflicted with an anti-magic potion and successfully transforms herself back into her human form.
_	Whenever he came upon such a collection, Hiyya cursed the hand that wrote it (Yer. Shab. xvi.15c).
_	Watchdogs note that the Academy rarely criticizes food companies, believing it to be out of fear of "biting the hand that feeds them."
_	If you are successful in proving the mis-play your team gets all of the points for the hand that have been played .
_	Sting then attacked Eric Bischoff with his baseball bat, biting the hand that fed him.
_	Ibárruri denounced Enver Hoxha's stance against Khrushchev during the Sino-Soviet Split, saying Hoxha was behaving "like a dog that bites the hand that feeds him".
_	He was well known for his greeting of "Shake the hand that bowled Bradman".
_	In this context, certain lyrics appeared to many to take on a more topical significance: "This is the hand, the hand that takes / Here come the planes / They're American planes.
_	Roosevelt denounced the move: "On this 10th day of June, 1940, the hand that held the dagger has struck it into the back of its neighbor."
_	The Bishop and political leader John Colenso famously summed him up as "a keen knife, liable to shut upon the hand that used it, and therefore to be used with caution".
_	Players to the left of the dealer may take the hand that someone else has already traded in if they so choose.
_	A hand deformity is a disorder of the hand that can be congenital or acquired.
_	The first such weapon used by the US Army was the Model 1855 Colt Revolving Rifle (and a companion carbine), but it had a serious defect in that the gun would sometimes discharge several chambers at once, the extra rounds flying straight into the hand that was holding the barrel up.
_	She returned to Copenhagen in May 2006 to take part in an Islam Channel conference on Islamophobia and was given a standing ovation after urging Muslims not to "kneel before their enemies" or "kiss the hand that slaps them."
_	If a player is hit, the hand that is hit is out but the other hand is still in.
_	There he learnt hand-to-hand combat techniques, and one in particular, the "golpe legionario" or "golpe mortal" (literally "deadly blow"), a blow to the larynx with the edge of the hand that became one of his preferred methods of killing.
_	In 1984, an advertisement made by [[Bob Beckel]] and [[Roy Spence]] on behalf of candidate [[Walter Mondale]] suggested that "The most awesome, powerful responsibility in the world lies in the hand that picks up this phone."
_	Some believe that the hand with the greatest dexterity should therefore be the hand that draws and releases the string.
_	He told his sons to always look at the object, not the hand that held it.
_	Next, during the Ride Phase, the player can choose a unit from the hand that is either the same grade or one grade higher than the current vanguard, which rides over top of the former vanguard (the card stacked underneath the Vanguard is called the "Soul").
_	ln the cycle of works titled "Terre"("Lands") created starting from 1988, the earth sedimented in layers, as in its natural state, is enclosed in a transparent glass parallelepiped through which can be seen the imprint left by.a gesture of the artist, the upheaval in the soil which preserves the image of the hand that caused it.
_	Prem Watsa, the board member who recruited John Chen said, “Thorsten did a very good job given the hand that he was dealt, but resigned because you can’t have two people being in charge.
_	"[I didn't want them to think] that I was biting the hand that feeds me, because I obviously love the show and have always been nothing but positive about it.
_	[who] licks the hand that smites him and kisses the boot that kicks him...
_	The "proper right" hand of a figure is the hand that would be regarded by that figure as its right hand.
_	Gustavo A. Madero, the president's brother, remarked that "the newspapers bite the hand that took off their muzzle."
_	Maume said that it was "a delight, beautifully written, and unafraid to bite the hand that feeds it."
_	Jared by shaking his hand and offering him chocolate pretzels (in which Jared holds every pretzel he eats with the hand that he shook Brodie's stink-palmed hand with).
_	She would later write, "the alphabet-book in which I learned to read was French, as was the hand that taught me to draw those first letters."
_	On 28 April 2013, during celebrations for Sinai Liberation Day, el-Sisi said that "the hand that harms any Egyptian must be cut".
_	In quatrain two, the speaker implores the young man to forget the hand that wrote the sonnet if the mere thought of the speaker would cause him to mourn.
_	Unison and GMB have both threatened to withdraw funding from constituency MPs and Dave Prentis of UNISON has warned that the union will write "no more blank cheques" and is dissatisfied with "feeding the hand that bites us".
_	For example, in cuing paradigms where the subject is given valid cues to the hand that should be used for the upcoming response, accuracy and reaction time are faster, and preparation of the correct hand, as measured by the LRP, can be seen in response to the cue.
_	Ælfwold's will is still extant, and the hand drawing up the will matches the hand that drew up a charter of 997 from King Æthelred II to Ælfwold.
_	A sort of symbolic retaliation was the punishment for the offender, seen in cutting off the hand that struck a father or stole a trust; in cutting off the breast of a wet nurse who switched the child entrusted to her for another; in the loss of the tongue that denied father or mother (in Elamite contracts, the same penalty was inflicted for perjury); in the loss of the eye that pried into forbidden secrets.
_	A befuddled KGB is irate that Mike folded the hand that KGB should've won and gotten paid for.
_	Powder made of burnt rice husks called "fudeko" is applied to the hand that holds the bow to absorb sweat, allowing the bow to turn in the hand.
_	Arkansas Rules allows players to capitalize on the hand that is dealt if it contains most of the cards needed for an uncompleted phase.
_	Bracing themselves firmly against the arms of the cross, each bends forward to guide the Christ with the hand that is left free while St. John, with one foot on the ladder and his back arched, supports him most energetically.
_	When the opponent concentrates on the hand that is circling, the bolo puncher will usually sneak in a punch with the opposite hand.
_	When the rival concentrates on the hand that is not moving, the bolo puncher will usually follow through with a full punch.
_	"Beijo a mão que me condena" (CPM 226) – I kiss the hand that signs my condemnation; "Marília, se não me amas" (CPM 238) – Marília, if you don't love me, and "No momento da partida, meu coração t'entreguei" (CPM 239), – at the moment of the departure I gave you my heart.
_	In positions where a finesse in trumps cannot be taken because the hand that would need to lead trumps has none, a trump coup or coup en passant may be used.
_	An early version involved former world Heavyweight boxing champion, John L. Sullivan, in which people would ask others to "shake the hand that shook the hand that shook the hand that shook the hand of 'the great John L.'"
_	Sean reminds her of the old saying that "the hand that rocks the cradle rules the world."
_	In 2009, Morgan Freeman bought Römer’s jewelled sculpture of Nelson Mandela’s hand, named “Masincedane”, which means ‘the hand that helps others’.
_	This focus of work was furthermore intended to “bite the hand that wouldn’t feed them.
_	He was ceremoniously stripped of his priesthood in front of Notre Dame, and the public executioner chopped off the hand that had offensively touched the sacred chalice.
_	"He'll bite the hand that feeds him...And then he'll eat the rest."
_	She told him that he had met his last opponent, but he cut off the hand that held the banner and killed her.
_	Scarlet Spider defeats his foe by cutting off the hand that touched the alter, taking away Beck's power.
_	Gilbert Burnet later made a violent attack on the character and credibility of William Carstares, the Crown's chief witness, who testified that while dining in the Black Lion Pub in Convent Garden he had heard Staley say in French : "the King is a great heretic...this is the hand that shall kill him".
_	Doom answers this question by explaining to Conan that the true strength of steel is in the hand that wields it – in other words, it is the resolve and commitment we bring to a task, not the quality or quantity of tools we use in performing it, that is the most important factor in determining success.
_	Herman Melville scathingly described Hart's book in his review as "an abortion" which "deserves to be burnt in a fire of asafetida, & by the hand that wrote it."
_	The song's lyrics deal mainly with the commercialisation of the music industry and feature the tongue-in-cheek line ""Destroyed by MTV / I hate to bite the hand that feeds me / so much information"", alluding to the belief that MTV were largely responsible for the band's success in the United States in the early 1980s.
_	The magazine satirised and was critical of many gay activists and businesses and Morris was criticised for "biting the hand that fed him" during his age of consent campaign.
_	An ulnar claw, also known as claw hand, or 'Spinster's Claw' is a deformity or an abnormal attitude of the hand that develops due to ulnar nerve damage causing paralysis of the lumbricals.
_	It is thought that she may have died while unconscious, as defensive wounds were absent on the hand that was recovered from the body, unlike a similar case in Germany, the Kayhausen Boy, who had a cut on his left hand from an apparent defense attempt.
_	In 1941, he was a member of the Surrealist group "La Main à Plume", which was named after a phrase by Rimbaud, "La main à plume vaut la main à charrue" ("The hand that writes is equal to the hand that ploughs").
_	He resumed: "Continuing to bite the hand that feeds part of it, Fox broadcasting once again allows its cartoon characters to run wild."
_	("If Fred Allen bit the hand that fed him," Nachman wrote, "Henry Morgan tried to bite off the whole arm.")
_	Uncredited as the hand that picks up the Master's ring was production manager Tracie Simpson.
_	Either the K or J, or both, must be in the upper hand: the hand that plays after the squeezed defender.
_	In Pascin’s mind a drawing should be done in complete freedom by the hand that is doing the drawing, without being controlled by the eye.
_	In human anatomy, the palmar or volar interossei (interossei volares in older literature) are three small, unipennate muscles in the hand that lie between the metacarpal bones and are attached to the index, ring, and little fingers.
_	Death was "the hand that opens the door to our cage the home we instinctively fly to."
_	The king said that Brandr must have cut off the sleeve of his tunic because he thought that the king had only one hand—the hand that takes, not the other hand that gives.
_	When combined with chops (a "chop" is a downward sweep or flourish of the hand that has just caught and is holding a ball), the Mills Mess pattern is sometimes called "Inside Out" -- from its appearance when performed: alternate chops alternating from "inside the pattern" to "outside the pattern", making it seem almost as if the balls are juggling the hands.
_	In human anatomy, the adductor pollicis muscle is a muscle in the hand that functions to adduct the thumb.
_	It has seized the language and style of the existing consumer organizations, but its real purpose, you might say, is to glove the hand that feeds it."
_	Though Aoki assumed responsibility for taking care of him during summer vacation, Nyaa had not warmed up to him at all in the interim and was still, quite literally, biting the hand that fed him.
_	His distaste for that bill was such that when he once met Millard Fillmore, he excused himself rather than shake the former president's hand, as he did not wish to touch the hand that signed that bill.
_	Similarly, commercial media organizations are not eager to bite the hand that feeds them.)
