_	According to Cube Entertainment, the concept of "Press Play" is “"a idea of the "play" button on a cassette tape player and the meaning of the title is derived from the indication that "BtoB play time is about to begin""”.
_	Unimpressed, Dardarot provides him with 100,000 gold coins (the bounty confiscated from a stingy mortal), with the indication that he is to marry and live with his human wife for ten years.
_	Kevin Fitzpatrick of ScreenCrush described the episode as "hokey" though enjoyed the indication that the Weeping Angels would return in the following series.
_	Traditionally, the information available about the family background of Rotrude was the indication that Wido (Guy), Count of Hornbach and Lay Abbot of Fontenelle, was a "propinquus" of Martel.
_	On the other hand, Pincus and Leiby praised the film for accuracy on several other points, including the indication that Plame had been a covert operative at the time of her outing (some reports indicated that she was not), and that, contrary to the original Novak column, Wilson had not been chosen to go on the Niger fact-finding trip due to a recommendation from his wife.
_	This badge or banner of England, at the head of the standard, was the indication that the men assembled beneath it were first, Englishmen, and secondly, the followers of the man whose arms were continued on the standard.
_	Some Protestants, including R. V. Tasker and D. Hill, generally relate these brothers and sisters to the indication that Joseph "knew her not "until" after she brought forth her firstborn" and the implication that Joseph and Mary had customary marital relations thereafter.
_	The Lima and Cusco offices closed for "some re-engineering" in 2017, with the indication that they might reopen in future.
_	Napoleon turned everything to his advantage: public anger, the annihilation of the intransigent Revolutionaries, and the indication that he had implacable enemies among the Royalists.
_	When he takes hold of the pendant to return it to its owner, it starts glowing, thus giving the indication that he is the savior.
_	Since it would be difficult for the Earth's core to maintain this high heat by itself, it gives support for the existence of radiogenic nuclides in the core, as well as the indication that if fertile subducted lithosphere stops subducting in locations preferable for superplume consumption, it will mark the demise of that superplume.
_	Concurrent with that announcement was the indication that a decision about restarting Eclipse 500 production will not be made before the spring of 2010.
_	The referee will continue to start with "crouch" and "touch", but will now issue the command "set", which replaces "engage" as the indication that the packs may push forward.
_	SASCOC received the final list of 18 players, however were told on 17 August 2011 that in a meeting between the CEOs of SAFA and the PSL, SAFA were given the indication that the PSL clubs refused to release their players.
_	The referee continued to start with "crouch" and "touch," but then issued the command "set," which replaced "engage" as the indication that the packs may push forward.
_	This followed the indication that Little, Brown and Company would be publishing the screenplay adapted by Stillman The film premiered in January 2016 at the Sundance Film Festival under the title of "Love & Friendship".
_	This gives the indication that he is the arm that MIKE removed in order to get rid of the tattoo that linked him with BOB on the left shoulder.
_	Immersion baptism (also known as baptism by immersion or baptism by submersion) is a method of baptism that is distinguished from baptism by affusion (pouring) and by aspersion (sprinkling), sometimes without specifying whether the immersion is total or partial, but very commonly with the indication that the person baptized is immersed completely.
_	Several other episodes and licensed materials such as the "Next Generation" episode "" and the video game "" support this, and give the indication that the force multipliers of cloaking technology and other such secrecy is the only way they can maintain an even footing with the numerically superior Federation.
_	This is contrary to the indication that ground nests are selected only if rocky areas or other bird nests are unavailable, as many will utilize ground nests even where large bird nests seem to be accessible.
_	Turner, the author of the book "Planet Simpson", said that the episode was the indication that "the Golden Age [of the show] had arrived."
_	The story ends with the indication that Ivan went on to party for ever, boozing and attending a succession of "guleaiuri" (banquets or wedding parties), and that "he may still be alive now, if he did not die in the meantime."
_	But the more typical themes of gender confusion and homosexual love are also apparent, and strengthened by the indication that the role of Achilles should be played by a woman.
_	However, not much ethnographic research has been made except for the tribal and linguistic differences that may lead to the indication that the tribes can be treated separately.
_	At first a golden kite perching on the edge of a bow was designed, however, it was changed and the bow was removed due to the indication that it can be irreverent if the package features a golden kite perching on the edge of a bow was thrown away and stepped on.
_	Adding insult was the indication that the tsar alone had control over many facets of political reins- all without the Duma’s expressed permission.
_	"The practice of wearing long garments or gowns with head kerchiefs and turbans on the head of all, both females and males, is the indication that in Heaven we do not have sexual differences or physical bodies but we are all in the form of spiritual body, that immortal body of God; And as the Old Testament was the picture of shadow of the New Testament, so the wearing by Israel adherents of almost the same and undistinguished dresses of both the body and the head is the shadow of the heavenly uniform."
_	According to information in the Motion Picture Production Code, the PCA rejected a May 14, 1941 version of the script because of "the inference of an illicit sex relationship" between Rosita and Monte, and Jay and Nan, and the indication that Rosita wished to enter into such a relationship with Jay.
_	Police in Berlin believed that he may have been from the Czech Republic having given the indication that he lived in the undergrowth of the Ore Mountains.
_	The series ends with the indication that Pullo is about to tell Caesarion that he is in fact his father.
_	Another way to tell is by the emergence of a new saddle when the female still has eggs, the emergence of the saddle is the indication that the female is prepared to have a new set of eggs and that the current eggs are close to hatching.
_	The series final episode, "The Last One", ends with the indication that all of its storylines occurred in Tommy's imagination.
_	"It will, of course, be most important that the indication that Elster will be brought back for trial is sufficiently emphasized."
_	Their findings include the indication that 40-Hz activity holds a functional role in the modulation of conscious awareness across different conscious states.
_	Though some of these identifications were mislabeled as "P. syringae pv. alisalensis," the indication that "P. cannabina pv. alisalensis" has a wide, intercontinental distribution is clear.
_	""An initial assessment of the capping mass in terms of its barrier function for potential contaminated ground water shows that the occurring clay sediments in the central areas of the salt stock Gorleben lack the indication that it can function as a permanent barrier to prevent contamination of the biosphere."
_	Jesse's little sister May Belle adopts the position as Queen/Princess of Terabithia after Leslie's sudden and tragic death, ending the novel with the indication that all will be restored.
_	Reviewing the episode "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang" for "The Daily Telegraph" James Walton was sceptical about the fact that "some of the fawning [over Captain Jack] even came from the main baddie" and what he felt to be the indication that the character was "thrown into the mix on the principle that one glamorous space-travelling bisexual isn’t enough."
_	This gives the indication that the species is univoltine in the north, but bivoltine in the southern United States.
_	The Octoechos' kontakion for the regular Sunday morning service in echos tritos (Orthros) has the indication that it should be sung as a prosomoion to the melody of the Christmas kontakion.
