_	A WebQuest is an inquiry-oriented lesson format in which most or all the information that learners work with comes from the web.
_	Replication timing is correlated with the expression of genes such that the genetic information being utilized in a cell is generally replicated earlier than the information that is not being used.
_	Following the voting period, observers then transmit the information that they collect back to a central data center for analysis.
_	Each flask was set in a jar of clear silicone gel, sealed, and labelled with a photograph of the artist reclining and the information that the jar contains "one egg" "Caucasian" with "human tubal fluid" which must be refrigerated properly.
_	From a colleague, she received the information that more twins and family members with Heterochromic irises would be found in the Sinti family in Mechau from northern Germany.
_	These attacks prompted condemnation from SLMM Chief of Staff, who stated "(The government does) have the information that the LTTE has made this offer,"...
_	"Verdens Gang" later updated the article "The Love Message is Spreading in All Channels" on 25 July 2011 with the information that the Love Quote correctly shall be attributed to Helle Gannestad, the good friend of Håheim.
_	As with sensory memory, the information that enters short-term memory decays and is lost, but the information in the short-term store has a longer duration, approximately 18–20 seconds when the information is not being actively rehearsed, though it is possible that this depends on modality and could be as long as 30 seconds.
_	These values represent the information that is being processed.
_	What we can say is that the information that we do have at hand leads us to conclude that the proposed transaction is highly irregular, it is questionable and leaves me with a profound level of suspicion."
_	Campbell never discovers, nor is he ever told, the information that he is sending.
_	Thus, for a red light (r) to carry the information that a goal (s) has been scored (is F) is for the probability that a goal has been scored, given that the light is red (and given my background knowledge of the world, k), to be 1 (but less than 1 given just my background knowledge).
_	Depending on the information that needs to be processed determines which route of recall an individual will use.
_	TV Azteca also receives lucrative contracts from the Mexican government, and therefore the information that emits is also controlled by the actual government.
_	In 1511, Peter Martyr d'Anghiera published his "De orbe novo decades", with the information that he was able to get about the first explorers thanks to his friendship with Isabella I of Castile.
_	Billions of dollars per year are spent by agencies such as the Information Awareness Office, NSA, and the FBI, for the development, purchase, implementation, and operation of systems which intercept and analyze this data, extracting only the information that is useful to law enforcement and intelligence agencies.
_	During his 2008 presidential campaign Mayor Rudolph Giuliani publicly touted "First Preventers" policing as a core of his homeland security policy, Giuliani said, "They are the people who will gather the information that will alert us, possibly, to a terrorist strike.
_	They watch the virtual presenter that informs them about the programs and the information that have been recorded by the home storage server earlier that day.
_	Theresa confronts her rival with the information that she used to blackmail her and her mother and brings up the infamous tabloid scandal again to everyone.
_	Whereas "Hversu" and "Ynglinga saga" don't inform about Halfdan's mother, "Hervarar saga" provides the information that she was Hild, the daughter of the Gothic king Heiðrekr Ulfhamr, the son of Angantyr who defeated the Huns.
_	Later, after the end first half of season, appeared the information that Partizan interested too.
_	From July 21 to 23, unauthorized troop movements apparently bound for Manila had been monitored upon validation of the information that there was restiveness among junior AFP officers.
_	The New York ARTCC responded with the information that Pan American Airways Flight 212, a Boeing 707, was descending to in the same airspace.
_	One way to express "u", "v", "w" in terms of "p", "q", "r" is to use column matrices along with a direction cosine matrix containing the information that relates the two bases.
_	Shannon focused on the problem of how best to encode the information that a sender wants to transmit.
_	Sebold provided the FBI with information on what Germany was sending to its spies in the United States while allowing the FBI to control the information that was being transmitted to Germany.
_	The registers here gave the information that 16,000 natives had been baptized before the year 1593.
_	Unlike most prominent Old Bolsheviks, he survived the Great Purge unscathed for as long as Nikolai Yezhov was the head of the NKVD; but when Yezhov was arrested in 1939, he made a detailed confession to his interrogators, including the information that he had lived in Goloshchyokin's apartment in Kzyl-Orda, then the capital of the Kazakh ASSR, in the latter half of 1925, and that during those months, they were homosexual lovers.
_	However, Fletcher is informed (by text from the officer) that this still does not solve the mysteries that included his assault so he meets a secret informant, and in exchange for the password of the police account he hacked earlier in the story, receives the information that he desires.
_	These countries have expanded in such a way with globalization that they are more connected through the information that each nation is sharing with one another.
_	This legend clearly lacks the information that the crown was from Rome.
_	Mahdavi has said that the bulk of the information that he provided to Weldon originally came from Iran-Contra arms dealer Manucher Ghorbanifar.
_	From this notebook we have the information that he completed the concerto on February 9, 1784.
_	The disciplinary court, an appellant court and ultimately, the Federal Court of Justice of Germany's Senate for Law Matters returned a decision in favor of the defendants and ruled that no breach of professional etiquette had transpired as the information that was posted was true and that there was no reason that firms should not be able to give such detailed information in their listings.
_	At the end of the section Arena Electoral make a disclaimer saying that the information that their partners decided to share in their platform was generated independently without the intervention of their own team or any of the other organizations that participated in the project, and as a result claimed that everyone was free and responsible to propose anything on the site.
_	In abstract terms, the 6-"j" symbols are precisely the information that is lost when passing from a monoidal category to its Grothendieck group, since one can reconstruct a monoidal structure using the associator.
_	Several decades later in 2013, the presiding judge of the FISA Court, Reggie Walton, told "The Washington Post" that the court only has a limited ability to supervise the government's surveillance, and is therefore "forced" to rely upon the accuracy of the information that is provided by federal agents.
_	The visual system accomplishes this by making inferences beyond the information that is presented in much the same way as the luminance gradient.
_	Miles Copeland, Jr., a Central Intelligence Agency officer known for his close personal relationship with Nasser, said that the barriers between Nasser and the outside world have grown so thick that all but the information that attest to his infallibility, indispensability, and immortality has been filtered out.
_	Using the information that Kelly told her, and putting together some odds and ends Adrien realizes that Brittany had actually killed her own sister and faked her sister's moving away.
_	These attacks prompted condemnation from SLMM Chief of Staff, who stated "(The government) have the information that the LTTE has made this offer."
_	The data sets must also be connected, distributed, and organized properly, so that the users can access the information that they need quickly and easily.
_	The market price of stocks will then reflect the information that managers are selling stocks.
_	After Dylan dies in a car crash, Tom and Peri make up, but Tom blackmails Peri's father Cameron Campbell into stopping the adoption with the information that Cameron killed Peri's grandparents.
_	This is leading to the development of "personal health devices" which allow people to monitor their own conditions within their own homes and provide the information that such devices obtain to health care
_	To continue our example, the L2 cache, which is shared by SMT units of the same core but not between physical cores on the Westmere is indicated by EAX[26:14] being set to 1, while the information that the L3 cache is shared by the whole package is indicated by setting those bits to (at least) 111b.
_	But in general, our people take great care in making decisions based on the information that they have at the time.
_	On September 6, 2007, Sidney Blumenthal, a former assistant and senior advisor to President Bill Clinton, supported Drumheller's account: "Now two former senior CIA officers have confirmed Drumheller's account to me and provided the background to the story of how the information that might have stopped the invasion of Iraq was twisted in order to justify it."
_	In contrast, Enfish's patents describe a table structure that allows the information that would normally appear in several different tables to be stored in a single table.
_	With this theory of information, Dretske then argued that for a knower, K, to know that s is F = K’s belief that s is F is caused (or causally sustained) by the information that s is F.
_	The software crackers often used their deep knowledge of computer platforms to transform the information that accompanied their releases into crack intros.
_	More information arrived at 20:15, when an intercepted wireless message gave the information that they were headed for Yarmouth.
_	Converting fields to a still frame image requires a process called deinterlacing, in which the missing lines are duplicated or interpolated to recreate the information that would have been contained in the discarded field.
_	From Bunjes came the information that Göring had moved his collection out of Carinhall, and, most importantly, the revelation of the existence of a massive repository in the Altaussee salt mines, which included much of Hitler's collection intended for the "Fuhrermuseum" in Linz.
_	But this episode isn't as good as that one, since it skimps on the explanations and necessary confrontations that arise from the information that Monroe and Rosalee reveal."
_	Vectorization can be used to recapture some of the information that was lost.
_	However, after the war, some bishops, including Adolf Bertram and Conrad Grober claimed that they had not been aware of the extent and details of the Holocaust, and were unsure of the veracity of the information that was brought to their attention.
_	Lancaster also stated that both computers and libraries will not always give us the information that other people and living life will.
_	The law can be explained by the assumption that linguistic segments contain information about its structure (besides the information that needs to be communicated).
_	The software security assurance process begins by identifying and categorizing the information that is to be contained in, or used by, the software.
_	In the FX documentary "Tapping the Wire" about the HBO show "The Wire", Williams volunteers the information that he made at least "a couple hundred million [dollars]" through heroin trafficking.
_	Shape analysis begins by removing the information that is not about shape.
_	Based on the information that CCDC82 is affected by the Circulat product it could be hypothesized that CCDC82 is involved in circulatory function.
_	However, in 1763 a description in "The Gentleman's Magazine" contains the information that "The ancient college where the clergy lived is mostly demolished, and what remains is partly inhabited by some poor people, and partly converted into a stable."
_	These cellular factions could only have been identified through cancer genome sequencing, showing the information that sequencing can yield, and the complexity and heterogeneity of a tumor within one individual.
_	and that British agent and IRA intelligence officer Stakeknife had been aware of the plot as he was responsible for gathering the information that had led to the ambush.
_	However, he would give the FBI the information that it needed to crack the cipher, uncover the identity of his two main contacts in New York (Svirin and Fisher), and a nearly identically-made Finnish 50 mark coin.
_	And in the case of Space Collective we use all the information that is available online to help people see the forest for the trees, opening them up to new perspectives.
_	Likewise, the information that Hadrian's Wall was constructed during Hadrian's reign and that the Antonine Wall was built during the reign of Antoninus Pius are recorded by no other extant ancient writer apart from the "Historia Augusta", the veracity of which has been confirmed by inscriptions.
_	When Pete and Otto hear this, they get the information that none of the products associated with Sue’s sum are unique.
_	Furious that Hicksley pressed for an answer (and at the same time consistently denying Yonoi the information that he seeks), the whole camp is paraded on Yonoi's order.
_	The court found that though John was authorized to view and print all of the information that she accessed, her use of Citigroup's computer system to run in fraudulent charges was not an intended use of that system.
_	The way that the appellant dealt with the information that he had was none of these".
_	This is all the information that is available, about the battle in this district.
_	Rohan Gunaratna, an al-Qaeda expert and a government witness in the José Padilla case, said that "most of the information that was exceptionally useful to the fight against al-Qaeda came from Abu Zubaydah, and it came before the U.S. government decided to use enhanced techniques."
_	The Dowding system dramatically improved the speed and accuracy of the information that flowed to the pilots.
_	His commander relays the information that the Navy has been thinking of the same idea and sends the "Bluefin" to the Pacific Missile Test Center at Naval Air Station Point Mugu for a short period of training and familiarisation.
_	An Irish double agent by the name of Charles Lamb is said to have passed on the majority of the information that compromised the conspiracy and ultimately helped the construction of the prosecution.
_	Here, Salim finds the location of Bala Thakur along with the information that Sultan, the man who escaped from his clutches, will also be there.
_	Production began on FRP back in December 2010 when director Chris Foggin first approached writer Chris Croucher with the information that Judi Dench had agreed to make a project with him.
_	It reveals the solution to the complex problem of hysterectomy performed without the information that is necessary for informed consent.
_	The advantage of text editors is that they present exactly the information that is stored in the XML file.
_	An additional aim was to disseminate the information that the Welsh pig is a good choice for commercial farming.
_	The academic background of each was recorded prominently on the sleeve of "You Were On My Mind", together with the information that Bivens had attended junior college.
_	I am not sure whether you have heard me or listened to the information that we have sent out", he once said.
_	Three days later he was picked up and based on the information that he provided it was determined that the garrison on Guernsey consisted of 469 soldiers, concentrated mainly around St. Peter Port and although there were machine gun posts all along the coast, they were sited in a manner that meant that it would take about twenty minutes between an alarm being raised for reinforcements to be dispatched.
_	This is not only because the patient ordinarily does not volunteer the information that they have become blind, but he furthermore misleads his entourage by behaving and talking as though they were sighted.
_	This allows users to perform more effective searches and also to organize and understand the information that is returned.
_	The TOC method reveals all of the information that the ROC method provides, plus additional important information that ROC does not reveal, i.e. the size of every entry in the contingency table for each threshold.
_	The maximum number of child nodes depends on the information that must be stored for each child node and the size of a full disk block or an analogous size in secondary storage.
_	More precisely, a session is the set of clients managing these windows or related to them and the information that allows these applications to restore the condition of these windows if required.
_	In making requests, speakers analyze the greatest potential obstacle they see to getting the information that they want, and frame their requests in a way that overcomes them in the easiest manner possible.
_	Giles the information that she discovered at the factory: that Dawn is the key, and that Glory is hell-bent on finding her.
_	This activity is intended both to enhance the confidence of users of the financial statements of Islamic financial institutions in the information that is produced about these institutions, and to encourage these users to invest or deposit their funds in Islamic financial institutions and to use their services.
_	There is a conflict as to Charlie’s year of birth, between the information that Charlie provided during the 1901 census and the information on his tombstone.
_	At the end of 12 months, the Office of Homeland Security was to present a report to Congress on the information that is needed from any U.S. agency to effectively screen visa applicants and applicants for admission to the U.S. to identify those affiliated with terrorist organizations or those that pose any threat to the safety or security of the U.S..
_	... a temporary disappointment, the information that O'Brien, the best candidate for the place of Center Remp, had decided not to return to the university, but had accepted a place for $500 to coach the Appleton high school eleven.
_	During this time he gathered the information that would become the basis of his projects to found new towns and schools.
_	Hence the focus is on the information that needs protection, the people that work with it and the people they exchange information with.
_	Objectively viewed, therefore, the sergeant had not had, and could not have formed, a "reasonable belief" on the information that had been at hand at the time of the seizure.
_	He provides the information that the North and South are linked even though they were once at war.
_	Whereas news outlets had reported on some contents of the leaks in 2014, the information that news outlets reported on was less than half of the data that was made available to WikiLeaks in the summer of 2016.
_	Even though individuals in the United States are legally capable of accessing the Internet, many are thwarted by barriers to entry such as a lack of means to infrastructure or the inability to comprehend the information that the Internet provides.
_	With the information that he had gathered, Dewdney believed that he could maintain peace within the region and that he had control of the situation.
_	In short, Selma Dritz saved countless lives and still continues to today because of all of the research she did and recorded and the information that she gave.
_	Owens was permitted to continue radio transmissions to Germany, but MI5 tried to make sure that Owens only passed on to the Germans the information that they had given him.
_	Voting decisions ultimately, however, must be made on the basis of the information that is available, and if acquiring information is expensive in terms of time or money then most likely those decisions will be made on the basis of information subsidized by wealthy investors.
_	Her initial claim to have acted in self-defense to prevent Hammond from raping her falls under suspicion after Ong Chi Seng, a junior clerk in Joyce's law office, comes to Joyce with the information that a letter is in existence showing that Hammond had come to Leslie Crosbie's house that night at her invitation.
_	When he is ready to leave Madurai with all the information that he ever needed, Kayal discovers that Karthik used her for information and is vengeful.
_	The current campaign, managed by Florida's Dept. of Health, uses only the information that has been found to be less effective in reducing teen smoking.
_	This would give people the information that they need in order to make informed decisions about how science and technology should be managed.
_	The investigation yielded the information that it was the fossilized skeleton of a seacow, "Halitherium schinzii", from which, however, the head and tail were both missing.
_	The extent of the information that can be deduced depends on the length of the hair: the longer is the hair, the greater is the extraction of information.
_	That is all the information that is available about Daumantas.
_	Some of the information that might be disclosed includes—
_	Mr. Kevin MacLaverty, a marine architect, expressed interest in our project, and all the information that had been collected was handed over to him for study and opinion.
_	In that respect, the court found that the authorities' failure to arrest the suspects as they crossed the border or earlier, combined with the information that was passed to the soldiers, rendered the use of lethal force almost inevitable.
_	This was the information that enabled a combined signal to be resolved into two separate signals.
_	Since homosexuality was illegal at this time, most of the information that we have comes from court cases.
_	On April 28, before that installation could be completed, a cablegram from the Spanish Consul in Hong Kong arrived with the information that the American squadron had left Hong Kong bound for Subic for the purpose of destroying the Spanish squadron and intending to proceed from there to Manila.
_	LexisNexis Risk Solutions is in the business of collecting and selling the information that commercial organizations, government agencies and nonprofits use to profile individuals, businesses and assets with data and analytic products.
_	Méndez's testimony before the tribunal provides the information that Lamport claimed to have ties to the Spanish royal family, but Lamport's own testimony does not.
_	Langford's dilemma is that he feels he must break the Geneva Convention and kill civilians in order to obtain the information that may save many lives.
_	Puchkov also commented on the information that Russian school students were obligated to watch this film: "Have our children to know the history of the country?
_	The primary driver of audit demand is the desire to enhance credibility of the information that companies make available to their potential investors.
_	It was alleged in the information that the article was misbranded in that certain statements, designs, and devices regarding the therapeutic and curative effects of the article, appearing on the bottle label, falsely and fraudulently represented that it would be effective as a treatment, remedy, and cure for pneumonia, coughs, weak lungs, asthma, kidney, liver, bladder, or any stomach troubles, and effective as a great blood and nerve tonic."
_	Critics (such as R. D. Laing) have argued that this leads to the diagnosis of delusions being based on the subjective understanding of a particular psychiatrist, who may not have access to all the information that might make a belief otherwise interpretable.
_	Due to the potentially high number of nodes that are in the subtree of formula_3, the information that is necessary to safely backjump from formula_3 is collected during the visit of its subtree.
_	The Kanyakumari inscription gives us the information that Aditya I was also known by the surname Kodandarama.
_	When a Williamite deserter gave the information that King William and his officers had ridden forward ahead of their ammunition train and were waiting for it, Sarsfield led a raiding party with their horses' hooves muffled, led by the rapparee Galloping Hogan, through the Silvermine Mountains.
_	"The Times", reporting on proceedings where Russell's eligibility to register as a voter in Middlesex and Surrey was challenged in 1836, included the information that he spent much time abroad, living in hotels when in England.
_	However, such is the complexity of the information that it is unlikely that the average voter could easily determine the fate of his or her vote's preferences particularly, as some parties submit multiple allocations (e.g., 33% to one party, 66% to another, and so on), and the effects are integrally wound up in preference deals between other parties.
_	Through the information that already exists on the personality's role in addictions, with a lot of emphasis on drugs and alcohol, a study from the National Academy of Sciences says that there is no single set of psychological characteristics that pertain to all addictions.
_	together with the information that the case of equality here is only for "D" zero or canonical, or "C" a hyperelliptic curve and "D" linearly equivalent to an integral multiple of a hyperelliptic divisor.
_	Richard Helms, the man in charge, would later find that at least half of the information that made it into CIA files was inaccurate.
_	Formative assessment is the information that is revealed and shared during instruction and is actionable by the teacher or student.
_	Reliance can be placed on the information that the provider produces for its intended audiences about the learning opportunities it offers."
_	Antrax was created to store data and information from its time and it is given a duty, an order to protect the information that it holds.
_	Most colleges and universities in the U.S. have their own set of requirements for the information that is necessary for a college application.
_	Pollard's defense claimed that Israel had the legal rights to the information that Pollard passed to Israel based upon the 1983 Memorandum of understanding and the United States was breaching that Memorandum.
_	Any service B controlling, or believing it controls, a double agent, must constantly evaluate the information that agent is providing on service A.
_	None of the CIA, DIA, or INR analysts said this gave weight to claims that Iraq was trying to get uranium from Africa, and the Vice President (who requested the information that prompted Wilson's trip to Niger) was not briefed on the issue.
_	Everyone who spoke tried to give the information that they had.
_	"TRENDnet's settlement prohibits it from misrepresenting the security of its cameras or the security, privacy, confidentiality or integrity of the information that its devices transmit.
_	The class secretary is known for the assisting of the class leader in recording and keeping specific information on the various class members, and they also include the information that relates to the weekly class attendance and enrollment forms.
_	President Barack Obama later said he was "grateful to the Marines who pursued the information that led to Captain Speicher's recovery so that he can now come home."
_	Then there was the information that the buildings must demolish or save.
_	Scovel added later in the proceedings that given the information that the FAA had on September 30, 2006, when the type certificate was awarded, "a reasonable decision would have been to defer the granting of the type certificate."
_	For example, confirmation bias is the tendency to search for or interpret information in a way that confirms one's preconceptions or favoured theory and to steer clear of the information that may disagree with those preconceptions.
_	Diane also had tried to seduce Andy Norris before he was arrested, and while Andy was being set up by Alan and Mike Bauer to be arrested, Diane stole all of the information that Andy had in his possession including the fact that Alan and Rita had an affair, and that Vanessa had Rita's supposed new address in San Francisco (although Joe Bradley might have given Vanessa a false lead).
_	He relays the information that the Montagano family is moving against the Coladangelos due to the murder of Tony Montagano, Don Montagano's only son and successor to the Montagano Family.
_	Here, “details of the information that the spies were required to collect” mostly regarding the land, how many people live on the land, the layout of the towns, the quality of the soil and the presence of trees (Numbers 13: 17-20).
_	It is also possible that if an E.164 number is registered in several of these trees, there can be inconsistencies in the information that is returned.
_	They also stress that the human eye should move in a pattern to fill in the information that was not properly perceived.
_	Their double-helix, molecular model of DNA was then based on one X-ray diffraction image (labeled as "Photo 51") taken by Rosalind Franklin and Raymond Gosling in May 1952, and the information that the DNA bases are paired.
_	Unfortunately, not all of the information that is required is in the redo logs.
_	The supposed seer tells him he will have good fortune soon, but looking deeper relates the information that his future is blank, and he is safe only until the first snow of winter beyond which there is no future to foretell.
_	The report concluded with the information that two British ships had been destroyed on the San Domingo coast alongside three French and that two others had been dismasted and were badly damaged.
_	Much of the information that is known of women in Ancient Greece comes through literary sources as the written word grew in use during the Classical and Hellenic period, such as Homer's Iliad and the Odyssey and through the writings of Euripides, Xenophon, and Aristotle.
_	In the initial response to the UNHRC fact-finding mission report, Israeli Government replied that the committee findings reflect the oversimplistic approach to complex military challenges during the fighting, implying that the mission members did not possess the information that was known to the force's commander at the time of the attack regarding the immediate threat, weapon's availability and potential risks to civilians.
_	The following are the sources for the information that is not on the Association of Tennis Professionals Web site:
_	Object refers to the information that gets organized.
_	However, it is possible that Ca contains the information that is not within B’s current concern Cb, therefore the imposition of A’s concern will take place, due to the wrong assessment of the discourse situation.
_	Therefore, if an individual is primed with information regarding the positive, or negative, attributions of a different race and then asked to complete an implicit measures task, the participants will most likely use the information that was presented during the prime and not their own experienced information to assess the situation.
_	This occurs because the information that was primed is most available for the participant to access without having to use conscious resources.
_	Study two suggests that following a script too strictly can lead to a poorer understanding of the information that the interviewer is trying to convey.
_	Three months after the official response to the Select Committee on the Judiciary, EPIC filed a Freedom of Information (FOI) request seeking the information that was not released by the U.S. Department of Justice.
_	Creation and distribution of avvisi required writers, those who can deliver the news, and those who can grant the information that makes the news and this provided many people with jobs, earning them money through standard means.
_	This annotated bibliography provides more information for recommended reading and some guidance on how to get the most out of the information that is there.
_	Propaganda in The Islamic Republic of Iran is also about the information that is not broadcast to the masses due to censorship.
_	He also wrote of raw capitalism and the information that drove investments, turning people into millionaires in a moment.
_	WASP-24b was observed by SuperWASP starting in 2008; after two years of observations, follow-ups led to the collection of the information that led to the planet's discovery.
_	However, although these methods do impose limits on the information that is released by a system, they provide no guarantees about information "propagation".
_	So, it allows individuals to get the information that many news resources may not cover and allows individuals to see through a difference perspective gaze.
_	The defense said that after Rudin sold the film idea to Tri-Star Pictures, the studio which then went on to produce the film, he had no further involvement in its development, that he had never shared with the studio any of the information that had been provided to him by the Bowers family, and all screenplay material originating from the Bowers case had been taken only from publicly available sources.
_	It is possible to take a childbirth class, consult with those managing the pregnancy, and writing down questions can assist in getting the information that a woman needs to help manage pain.
_	De Sequeira in the meantime was so convinced of the Sultan's amiability that he disregarded the information that Duarte Fernandes, a New Christian who spoke Parsi, obtained from a Persian innkeeper word about the ongoing preparations to destroy the fleet, confirmed even by the Chinese merchants.
_	Only then, the information that at one point the exploding methane burned on an area of (or 30% of the landfill) was disclosed.
_	On the information that some unidentified bodies had been found at the Dumbara Estate in Kiriella, the Red Cross officials went to the site and identified the bodies.
_	This will show the information that has already been given to Companies House.
_	Consequently, it would not allow development of a single application that can view or edit all data types; rather, what WinFS enables applications to do is understand the structure of all data and extract the information that they can use further.
_	This is when authors take their ideas and find out all the information that is readily available.
_	NOAH is often cited as a resource on the Government of the United Kingdom websites and across industry practitioners where the information that they provide is highly valuable.
_	In plain language, if we are learning gradually all the information that determines the outcome of an event, then we will become gradually certain what the outcome will be.
_	Further analysis can then be performed against the information that was dumped from memory to find various sensitive data, such as the keys contained in it.
_	The story of the prelude to the marriage between Denis and Anne-Antoinette Diderot is often repeated, incorporating the information that a decree of 1697 meant that a man marrying without his father's consent before he reached the age of 30 (or a girl marrying under a similar interdict before reaching the age of 25) must be disinherited by his (or her) parents.
_	He also arrives to get the information that he needs.
_	Transformational theories suggest that the information that is required to display certain behavior is created internally through cognitive processes and observing these behaviors provides incentive to duplicate them.
_	Consumer databases are primarily geared towards companies that sell to consumers, often abbreviated as [business-to-consumer] (B2C) or BtoC. Business marketing databases are often much more advanced in the information that they can provide.
_	Furthermore, the Swedish Energy Agency has, on behalf of the Government, developed an Internet-based manual about wind power (Vindlov.se) for all of the information that is needed for licensing matters regarding wind power and information on most things from concept stage to the commissioning of the completed wind farm.
_	A drug master file comprises two parts: the Applicant’s Part (USA: Open Part), which contains all the information that the licence-holder needs to assess the quality and submit a licence or amendment application; and the Restricted Part (USA: Closed Part), which contains confidential information about the manufacturing procedure only disclosed to the authorities.
_	Much of the information that he gathered was collected and published as "Les Bourgeois de la Compagnie du Nord-Ouest", by his granddaughter's husband, The Hon. Louis-Rodrigue Masson.
_	However, Dong-joo deliberately withheld the information that this process will result in the human's death.
_	Specifically, individuals try to make less cognitive effort in forming social judgments, they are more likely to rely on the information that is easily accessible (Higgins, 1996).
_	With this encoding it is imposed that the information that is not expressed is still carried by the genotype in evolution but it is shielded from direct selective pressure, maintaining this way the diversity in the population, which has been a design premise for this algorithm.
_	Some of the information that Griswold asserted or implied was that Poe was expelled from the University of Virginia and that Poe had tried to seduce his guardian John Allan's second wife.
_	Around 1980, an extensive excavation was carried out at Opatrny; the information that it yielded was seen as highly significant in understanding the ways that local cultures changed and developed their surrounding terrain.
_	Hawach attempted to discern the whereabouts of her children and their father from Joseph Hawach's family through the Australian court system, At the same time she also made contact with several former members of the Australian special forces and New Zealand special forces, who joined her in Lebanon when e-mailed tips provided the information that Joseph Hawach's family did not.
_	While the information that is displayed on the HUD depends greatly on the game, there are many features that players recognize across many games.
_	In this, Hansen was mistaken: Taylor had indeed been reprimanded, and Teller was not the source of the information that Hansen attributed to him.
_	We choose to interview or observe people who we think will give us the information that will solve our problems.
_	A growing number of grassroots global events and celebrations such as International Day of Peace, World Party Day participants, and Peace One Day recommend the WFP on radio broadcasts as an immediate reach out action, putting help within reach of anyone with the information that a quarter feeds a child for a day.
_	Eight months before the first story was published, the US Attorney's office issued subpoenas to Cody and the archdiocese, but the information that was sought was never turned over to the government.
_	Armed with this location and the information that Cyrus Field gathered from a US Navy oceanographic seabed survey, that had taken place the year before, the project got underway.
_	That area focuses on the information that must accompany material movements and the application of artificial intelligence to material handling problems.
_	Karen's deep love and concern for her children often manifests as criticism and a lack of respect for their personal space – in the "Crime Dog" episode, Jaye challenges Aaron with the information that Karen goes through his things when he isn't home.
_	Dance was unknowingly assisted by the information that had reached Linois at Batavia, which claimed that there were 23 merchant ships and the brig in the convoy.
_	The POST request includes the GCM Registration ID, priority, optional values and links, and the information that is to be displayed on the device upon its arrival.
_	The body responds back to power, communicates with it; supplies the information that power requires and also receives its future conduct as a part of its daily routine.
_	His present attitude in exposing a portion of Colorado's shame without doubt may be attributed to personal motives rather than a high regard for the liberties of the people and the honor of his State, and from him we may expect only the information that is made public when rascals fall out.
_	Updating is believed to be involved in working memory (closely associated with the function of the prefrontal cortex), where the information that is active needs to be updated by replacing old, now irrelevant information with new, relevant information based on the objective.
_	The more senior she became in the West German intelligence services the more valuable the information that she was able to provide became.
_	Authorities stated that the information that he provided in return was false because the house in which he said Holloway's body was located had not yet been built at the time of her disappearance.
_	The director of the Joint Intelligence Group, Paul Rester, said: "I consider the information that we obtained from him to be useful", though he declined to offer any substantiation for this claim.
_	On the other hand, she has become one of the 'clued-in' as of "Summer Knight", and realizes that the information that was concealed from her was for her own protection, and that of the public at large.
_	It is revealed that Sam has two sets of biodata — the information that defines a person's personal history.
_	Scandinavian sources have added some information that appear in "Beowulf" studies, without having any founding in the work itself, such as the information that Halga was, or probably was, Hroðulf's father.
_	They know enough about you to control the information that you get: they can make you believe that the president has resigned, that they have your wife, that someone you trust has told them lies about you.
_	According to the laws, the information that have to be disclosed by the information providers are:
_	In reference to a video file, this means much of the information that represents one frame will be the same as the information used in the next frame.
_	On 29 August 2012, Anti Corruption Commission of Bangladesh said that they have the information that Syed Modasser Ali, adviser to the prime minister Sheikh Hasina, allegedly influenced Sonali Bank authorities into granting scam loan to the controversial Hallmark Group.
_	In "The Father Hunt", after Dorothy Sebor provides the information that solves the case, Wolfe tells Archie, "We'll send her some sprays of Phalaenopsis Aphrodite.
_	While episodes like this can often be meh, this one wasn’t, simply because the information that we did get was so juicy and the acting was rock solid across the board.
_	To help implementing the UPEDU in educational purposes, the authors have put a website online that provides most of the information that students need to use the process in their project.
_	Currently the information that is collected is 'static data' – it shows the percentage of citizens below a certain level of income.
_	To back-country men, the title was certainly suggestive, and proved the subject of joking, but the levity became pronounced when inquiry elicited the information that the buildings nearing completion on the island were for an inebriate's home.
_	The anyon type label does not specify all of the information about the anyon, but the information that it does indicate is topologically invariant under local perturbations.
_	While the FBI received thousands of photos from average citizens, the website also started to focus on crowdsourcing their own investigation, with the information that they were crowdsourcing.
_	Comprehension implies that the viewer should be able to easily understand the information that is presented to them.
_	The fact was reinforced by the information that he had donated his body and his eyes for research.
_	Another security concern was brought up, because false information could be entered into the database, possibly diminishing the persons record, or giving the police a false lead Officials say that all the information that is in the OneDOJ is already in another database that has a chance of being leaked, and the database is just making it easier for local agencies to come together to solve a crime.
_	Proponents claim this technique can be used to detect concealed information, missing information, and whether the information that person has provided is true or false.
_	The choice of the index need not reflect the portfolio under question; e.g., beta for gold bars compared to the S&P 500 may be low or negative carrying the information that gold does not track stocks and may provide a mechanism for reducing risk.
_	The idea is that people tend to consume the information that they find to be interesting, which he says is similar to people "eating dessert first".
_	Much of the information that remains about Menna comes from his tomb in the Theban Necropolis, TT69.
_	A reference contains the information that is necessary for the identity property to be realized in the programming language, and allows access to the object with the identity.
_	The publication of the Memoirs was "allegedly awaited with a mixture of apprenshension and relish but, as one reviewer observed, the good feeling of Knighton's family prevented it from containing the information that people most wanted to read."
_	While promoting his novel "Under the Dome", King confirmed this during his TimesTalk event at The TimesCenter in New York City on November 10, 2009, and the next day King's official site posted the information that King will begin working on this novel in about eight months, with a tentative title being "The Wind Through the Keyhole".
_	Maps used for Spanish expeditions had only the information that pertained directly to the military, excluding any other details.
_	According to the authors, Haut had sworn to his friend Colonel Blanchard not to reveal in his lifetime the events he witnessed and therefore told researchers either that he couldn't remember or that he had only prepared and released the information that was given to him at the time and denied he knew anything else.
_	Historic events in Oaxaca as far back as the 12th century are described in pictographic codices painted by Zapotecs and Mixtecs in the beginning of the colonial period, but outside of the information that can be obtained through their study, little historical information from pre-colonial Oaxaca exist, and our knowledge of this period relies largely on archaeological remains.
_	Among the information that was later released regarding the kidnapping of Cubas, was the fact that the kidnappers had received training and support from the Colombian terrorist group FARC (Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia); the support of this group came via the "foreign minister" of the FARC, Rodrigo Granda.
_	Most significantly, he was responsible for arming President John F. Kennedy with the information that the Soviet nuclear arsenal was much smaller than previously thought, that the Soviet fueling systems were not fully operational, and that the Soviet guidance systems were not yet functional.
_	Object-oriented design techniques such as documenting layers of the inheritance hierarchy can reduce the effect of this problem, as they collect in one place the information that the programmer is required to understand.
_	Therefore, people's opinions about something are influenced strongly by the information that they paid attention to, which was the first information presented to them.
_	Wire data is the information that passes over computer and telecommunication networks defining communications between client and server devices.
_	More precisely, wire data is the information that is communicated in each layer of the OSI model (Layer 1 not being included because those protocols are used to establish connections and do not communicate information).
_	The media outlets in and around the St. Petersburg area included the information that the car Lewis was driving was suspected of being stolen.
_	The image is reduced to the information that can be carried by the smaller image.
_	On the day before their sister’s wedding, Seenu gets the information that Kesavan has met with an accident while he was on the pilgrimage trip and has died.
_	He surprises Braddock with the information that the firm has been holding a package for many years, addressed to him, with instructions to deliver it only after this woman's death.
_	Editors realized that the information that interested the upper class did not necessarily interest the penny-paying public.
_	The algorithms in the software will depend on the requirements of the service provider, the resources they have available, and the information that may be useful to resources dispatched or assigned to the call.
_	From the early 1970s, interest was renewed in the stars of Hollywood's golden age, as their films received regular TV airings, and more facts about performers came to light as opposed to the information that the studios had circulated about them.
_	When he landed at the Panama base with the information that the fleet was coming, Moon was congratulated by his superiors.
_	At one time only a few mass media giants controlled most of the information that flowed into the homes of the public, but with the advance of technology even a single person has the ability to spread information around the world.
_	The sections set in the future imply that the boy has been imprisoned and is recording the information that he has collected in three books.
_	In 1975, the information that the lost Okhtyrka icon was in San Francisco reached the Soviet Union.
_	The cause of this is clear: as additional taxa are added to a tree, they subdivide the branches to which they attach, and thus dilute the information that supports that branch.
_	The tug was stationed at Key West, Florida, and, on April 22, 1898, delivered to Admiral William T. Sampson on board the armored cruiser USS "New York", the information that war was declared, and that he should proceed, with the fleet, to Cuba.
_	Xinhua published an item from the Beijing Times that summed up the aims of the mission, and included the information that Wang Yaping was the only female trainee in the group of astronaut candidates.
_	Propaganda is information that is not objective and is used primarily to influence an audience and further an agenda, often by presenting facts selectively to encourage a particular synthesis or perception, or using loaded language to produce an emotional rather than a rational response to the information that is presented.
_	But there is an immense variety in the information that either a man himself or his friend may wish to record.
_	The announcement included the information that she was asymptomatic, and therefore that she expected to be an active part of the campaign.
_	Voice is the most natural communication medium, but the information that can be provided is limited compared to visual media.
_	Furthermore, a rescript from Hadrian is preserved in the 4th century CE grammarian Dositheus Magister that contains the information that the cart with the sack and its live contents was driven by black oxen.
_	Emails obtained from the group also showed that Witzel coordinated his activities with the church group and even erased the information that they were a religious group from Wikipedia's description of the group.
_	Critics (such as R. D. Laing) have argued that this leads to the diagnosis of delusions being based on the subjective understanding of a particular psychiatrist, who may not have access to all the information that might make a belief otherwise interpretable.
_	Further on, the inscriptions led to the information that one column would have taken 20,000 workdays to complete by one mason.
_	Hamilton did however relay the information that Bonaparte's fleet had passed Sardinia and were probably sailing in the direction of Malta.
_	This did not, however, include the information that traces of Franklin's expedition had been found the previous year at Beechey Island.
_	Policy capturing or "the PC technique" is a statistical method used in social psychology to quantify the relationship between a person's judgement and the information that was used to make that judgement.
_	The statement included the information that the exit storyline of the Aaron Hotchner character from the series had yet to be determined.
_	defines the information that Member States should provide the Commission on the state of implementation of the Directive.
_	However, the complete length of the top frieze is unknown because part of it has broken off, limiting the information that can be gained from the images.
_	Three years later, TSA retroactively labeled the information that MacLean had disclosed as SSI and fired MacLean for his disclosure."
_	The old Gazetteer also states, 'A fine haveli in the town was built by a local saint, Sayyad Amjad, and an inscription over the principal gateway, a good specimen of Mughal architecture, conveys the information that it was built in 1703.
_	Using adaptive optics recovers much of the information that is lost.
_	After the election he helped commercialize a software system used in the campaign called The Optimizer, which gathers all the information that potential voters generate through social networks on a daily basis and then aggregates that data to assist with forecasting their eventual vote.
_	The value of the "Passion" for historians lies in the unique insight it gives into Gothic village life and social structure as well as the information that can be inferred about Gothic government on all levels.
_	The first was the information that the alleged victim had made but not pursued an allegation of being raped in England.
_	In this case, the information that the subject is plural is expressed.
_	One of his spies sent the information that allowed the Americans to defend Fort Moultrie near Charleston, South Carolina.
_	The report from "IM Ritter" included the information that Krug had kept a diary.
_	Using the information that Kinnison brought back about the new space drive, the Galactic Patrol quickly rebuilds its ships and goes out pirate hunting again.
_	It could be information about who is the author of the video, creation date, duration, and all the information that could be extracted and included in the same files.
_	They found that ‘oh’ can be used by speakers to signal to that the information they are providing is not connected to the information that just preceded it.
_	Later that night I told Kurt Schork what I had seen, and together with his translator began piecing together the information that would eventually result in the news story."
_	He cautions that fans of the epic series hoping for "all the information that should have been in "DL5 Dragons of Mystery" are going to be disappointed".
_	At 9.20 a.m. on 9 May, the Ministry of Justice of Baden-Württemberg disseminated the information that Meinhof had committed suicide, although the initial post mortem body examination began only after 9:25 AM by professor Joachim Rauschke.
_	My noble lord is very interested in linguistic and ethnographic studies and highly appreciates the information that you have sent him, and will be happy to know the outcome of your future researches and discoveries".
_	It is obvious that Metacube allows to store the amount of information that we desire (each face shows the information that we have put in the Metacube), to select with the “touching” the information that we want (search).
_	(i) if the person has difficulty communicating, take all necessary measures to provide a reliable means by which the person may understand the information that is provided to them and communicate their decision.
_	Soon, however, it becomes clear (due to the information that the other narratives grant) that Agustina is already well on her way to recovery.
_	In the software (see Programming above), people can decide what to do with the information that comes from the sensors, such as programming the robot move forward until it touches something.
_	This is the information that is then registered at the registrar.
_	At this same time, more professional and academic American historians were following in the footsteps of Jared Sparks (1789–1866) and George Bancroft (1800–1891) by visiting European archives to uncover the information that British officials in London had at their disposal and how they made decisions that affected the North American colonies.
_	Karl Laurenz consistently downplayed the significance and the level of detail in the information that he has passed to the west.
_	In addition to the proposed problems with the interviews themselves, the fact that there were no recordings of initial interviews meant that important evidence was missing; therefore, it was not possible to determine the origin of some of the information that children reported (i.e., it could have been suggested to them by interviewers in the early interviews).
_	The essential fact of folding, however, remains that the amino acid sequence of each protein contains the information that specifies both the native structure and the pathway to attain that state.
_	Deseronto passed the information that the fort was strongly garrisoned back to Daniel Claus.
_	After Mathews and Steele received so many requests for the information that the correspondence was becoming unmanageable, they edited "The Struggle for Canadian Universities: A Dossier".
_	Taking into consideration the information that some of those bullying him had learned what neighbourhood he lived in, Healey found those threats credible enough that he did not leave his home for three months.
_	While patrolling the waters of the Messina strait between Italy and Sicily with the first vessels, Scipio Asina received the information that Lipara, in the Lipari Islands, was about to change to the Roman side.
_	The king, of course, is very desirous of learning all about her antecedents, but Esther, after vouchsafing him the information that she, too, is of princely blood, turns the conversation, by a few happy counter-questions regarding Vashti.
_	Whereas "Hversu" and "Ynglinga saga" have no information about Halfdan's mother (who was presumably Harald's wife), "Hervarar saga" provides the information that she was Hild, the daughter of the Gothic king Heiðrekr Ulfhamr, the son of Angantyr who defeated the Huns.
_	In 1889, J. Gestoso of Seville published - in the series "National Glory" - a colour reprint of the banner of the 1st squadron, along with the information that it was kept in "the Royal Chapel of Saint Francis in this town", as the "memorabilia" of the Battle of Bailén.
_	Ordoñez apparently incorporated some of the information that had been collected earlier by Bishop Núñez de la Vega into a document called the "Probanza de Votan".
_	The 1512 edition of the text mentions a dynastic chronology at the beginning, which has several discrepancies with the information that appears later in the text.
_	Through her publications she illuminated the potential for Roman military diplomas as a source material and the significance of the information that could be gleaned from their study.
_	This study predicts that the recency effect is stronger than the primacy effect, because the information that is most recently learned is still in working memory when asked to be recalled.
_	To the "Brut Tysilio" the translator adds the information that Cador was son of Gorlois, presumably by Igraine, which would make him Arthur's maternal half-brother.
_	Na'Zultra explains that she intends to seize power on Rubanis and demands the information that Laureline got from the contact.
_	Allan King Sloan, the great-great-grandson of the company's founder, provided some of the information that is on the historical marker nearby and attended the dedication ceremony on August 7, 2009.
_	Organizations like μFUN provide a forum and a listserv for instant notification to amateur and professional astronomers all over the globe, so that microlensing events can be mined for all the information that can be gathered.
_	His Majesty's Consul in Alexandria, Egypt, broadcast the information that France had declared war and all British and Dutch vessels had been seized by the French Navy in Indian seas.
_	Q-blades that undo the information that binds together the universe, Q-cores that break the crypto that powers the surveillance state that knows every movement of every person and object in Sampa and beyond.
_	Now the information seeker will summarize and report on the information that was found through the process.
_	The body will perform the motion based on the information that is stored in the brain from previous attempts at the same movement (Sahyouni, 2013).
_	Osborne acknowledges that if Mimi were to come forward with the information that Jim was not present at the robbery (although Jim's car was used during it), Jim would be cleared of all charges.
_	"Information quality" refers to the quality of the information that the system is able to store, deliver, or produce, and is one of the commonest dimensions along which information systems are evaluated.
_	The central dogma of molecular biology states that all of the information that makes you unique is housed in the nucleus of every cell in your body in the form of DNA.
_	As the combined military and local police team conducted zoning in Marawi to validate the information that suspicious personalities including Omar and Abdullah Maute were consolidating in the area, their team spotted instead Isnilon Hapilon.
_	In the OSI model: the presentation layer ensures the information that the application layer of one system sends out is readable by the application layer of another system.
_	Particularly powerful in this regard were teaching students to summarize the information that they had read, or having them ask (and answer) questions about the ideas.
_	Meanwhile, London passes on the information that an unspecified enemy, implied to be a Soviet contact, intends to poison Wormold at a trade association luncheon, where he is the speaker.
_	Some of the information that would have proven to be useful in planning the colony was not even available until after colonization had begun.
_	Shakur was convinced that some members associated with Bad Boy had known about the 1994 attack on him due to their behavior that night and the information that his sources gave to him.
_	Advertisements and content on a website may be tailored to provide the information that a certain user wants.
_	It is the information that is sticky, not the prices.
_	So Civil Society Organisations (CSOs) can submit a second or "alternative" report that contains the information that they have gathered.
_	Along he comes, he breaks into the cabin, and goes through one of Carey’s old logbooks, cursing when he finds that the information that he wants is missing, having been torn out of the book.
_	Baker provided a list with "194 links to the information that he says has formed his unfavorable opinion of medical marijuana" to the "Pittsburgh City Paper".
_	Out on the streets, Wilson is also helped by Samuca, a paralyzed camelô who lives in the underworld of favelas and provides his police friend the information that police officers (theoretically) shouldn't know.
_	The FTC now requires companies to disclose and provide the information that qualifies their environmental claims to ensure transparency.
_	Upon discovery and investigation of an archaeological site of the Ancients in the Pleiades, Flint and a group of other non-Sol entities recover the information that will allow them also to detect and trace transfers, giving them parity with Andromeda.
_	This makes it good for storing all the information that is needed from a hard drive and then formatting it.
_	"Concerning the Assyrians" for the information that the site of Babylon:... was originally water, and called a sea.
_	Lee's death changed the perspective of releasing the information that Bruce Lee himself had vacillated about.
_	As in military intelligence, the chief challenge of scenario planning is to find out the real needs of policy-makers, when policy-makers may not themselves know what they need to know, or may not know how to describe the information that they really want.
_	The law says that a person is capable with respect to a treatment, admission to a care facility or a personal assistance service if the person is able to "understand" and "appreciate" the information that is relevant to making such a decision.
_	The V-chip has provided parents and guardians the ability to monitor and block television shows that are unfavorable for children to watch in specific households by reading the information that is encoded in the rated program and blocking it based upon that rating it has been given.
_	We can give this result the interpretation, that Z part of the premium is based on the information that we have about the specific risk, and (1-Z) part is based on the information that we have about the whole population.
_	Mandy refuses to give up, and finally Tracey replies with the information that she is in fact in a juvenile detention center, and will be there for a long time.
_	In June 2018 writer Tara Westgate went public with the information that Woman's Weekly had cut its payment for short stories by one third (from £150 per 2,000 word story to £100) and required all rights including moral rights (ie the right to be identified as the author of the story) in return for this payment.
_	He returns with the information that several generals have been arrested and taken to a military prison.
_	Google allows the user control of all the information that they provide and allows the data submitted to be purged from each app.
_	In return for the information that he handed over, Laurenz received several thousand western Marks over the years.
_	Panel boards were no longer required, because all of the information that once came across analogue instruments could be digitised, stuffed into a computer and manipulated to achieve the same control actions once performed with amplifiers and potentiometers.
_	After trying to decipher the information that the two officers are held "blindfolded and bound in a place where the wind always blows, there is much grinding of wheels and a woosh, woosh, woosh sound", he does not figure out that they are at the windmill, but thinks they are held in a laundry.
_	All we sort of wanted was for the government to do its job and we were concerned about whether the information that we provided previously had ever, you know, risen to the leadership level of the FBI."
_	The increase in uncertainty enables them to savor the information that they subsequently receive
_	It focuses on the contract by considering the actions that the object is responsible for and the information that the object shares.
_	He will then brief Lieutenant Doe on any additional information that the replacement should be made aware of, reconfirming the information that Lieutenant Doe has previously gained on his own.
_	The accessibility heuristic states that TOTs are elicited by the quantity and strength of the information that is retrieved from memory when the target word itself is not.
_	According NED, autocratic states "are not necessarily seeking to 'win hearts and minds,' the common frame of reference for soft power efforts, but they are surely seeking to manipulate their target audiences by distorting the information that reaches them."
_	Tris meets with Marcus, who tells him that Jeanine is withholding the information that Abnegation protected; should the factionless take hold of it, it would certainly be destroyed.
_	At that time Columbus received the information that was given to him by my people.
_	Summaries and aggregate results are provided in standardized format describing the information that would otherwise have required visits to many smaller sites or direct literature searches to compile.
_	The bounded wildcard conveys the information that calls only contravariant methods from the interface.
_	If the evaluation is not appropriately conducted or does not monitor the information that is needed to determine placement, it is not appropriate.
_	She argued that CFAA prohibits only using authorized access to obtain the information that she was not entitled to obtain, but does not impose liability for the unlawful use of the information that she was authorized to access.
_	She even aligns herself with the evil Alistair, but is unable to use the information that he gives her to force Martin to be with her.
_	There was mild controversy in the school and the DHSOBA when the information that an Old Boy from the school had been detained in the now infamous "fake rock" case emerged.
_	All of the information that we have is from the accounts of Europeans in the first few years of the founding of the colony.
_	In it, several sections are included (<Result> elements) that structure the information that describes each resolution case.
_	These models address the fact that the responses people have to belief-relevant information is unlikely to be predicted from the objective basis of the information that they can recall at the time their beliefs are reported.
_	It gives the citizens of the province the right to access any information or record held by a public body, except for the information that is sensitive to the security of the state.
_	The title story concerns a Chinese professor in England, Dr. Yu Tsun, who spies for Germany during World War I, in an attempt to prove to the authorities that an Asian person is able to obtain the information that they seek.
_	Dr Fred Kertsen also writes of the importance of the information that is now being made possible by music technology and the proliferation of information it brings to music through Websites, Blogs, and podcasts.
_	It is the information that a student receives concerning their attempts to imitate certain patterns of teaching.
_	InPrivate Filtering provides users an added level of control and choice about the information that third party websites can use to track browsing activity.
_	Although Butler had successfully gathered the information that Robert E. Lee needed, for the second time in three days—Haw's Shop and Matadequin Creek—the Confederate cavalry had been driven back by their Union counterparts, and in both cases Custer's brigade had provided the crucial force needed to prevail.
_	Additionally, some players may not have the functionality to provide the information that the file format is capable of managing, so its success is dependent upon the player's functionality.
_	As learners, ISTJs tend to need materials, directions, and teachers to be precise and accurate if they are to trust the information that is presented.
_	Before that, on 10 April 1948, Arthur Lieutenant visited his boss, Wilhelm Külz, on the morning of 10 April 1948 to be greeted by the housekeeper with the information that unusually, even though it was already 8 in the morning, Külz had not emerged from his bedroom.
_	Only in 1948 did the CIOS receive the information that Kammler reportedly fled to Prague and had committed suicide.
_	In 1983, the Hans Hass-"DecoBrain", designed by "Divetronic AG" a Swiss start-up, became the first decompression diving computer, capable of displaying the information that today's diving computers do.
_	We may use the information that we monitor, such as name and address, for the purpose of better understanding your household demographics; however we make commercially viable efforts to automatically filter confidential personally identifiable information such as UserID, password, credit card numbers, and account numbers.
_	From the information that can be gleaned from Exodus 15.23, 16.1 and Numbers 33.9-11, Elim is described as being between Marah and the Wilderness of Sin, near the eastern shore of the Red Sea.
_	Maps of the Bengal coast were found on Kraft when he was initially arrested and he volunteered the information that these were the intended landing sites for German arms.
_	Therefore, it is now time to begin using the term “engineering informatics” to cover the science of the information that flows through these processes.
_	The result is a self-organised process whereby the information that directs termite activity results from changes in the environment rather than from direct contact among individuals.
_	At a meeting between detectives to discuss the Nine Elms Lane attempted robbery and the information that the informer had provided about the Dome raid, one detective who had recently visited the dome quipped, "Maybe they are after the Millennium jewels?"
_	The amount of information about "Z" which is yielded by knowing both "X" and "Y" together is the information that is mutual to "Z" and the "X,Y" pair, written "I(X,Y;Z)" (yellow, gray and cyan in the Venn diagram above) and it may be greater than, equal to, or less than the sum of the two mutual informations, this difference being the multivariate mutual information: "I(X;Y;Z)=I(Y;Z)+I(Z;X)-I(X,Y;Z)".
_	When Lichfield was sued for part of Eastham and its advowson in 1425 he volunteered the information that he and Elizabeth had two daughters, both under age: Elizabeth and Alice.
_	Admiral Adama meets with Colonel Tigh in his cabin and confronts him with the information that he knows about Tigh's "meetings" with Caprica-Six in the brig with the cameras turned off.
_	Included with the July 13, 2006 announcement was the information that since EA held the game development licenses to both Tolkien’s books and the New Line film trilogy, the game was to be based on both, like "".
_	He threw much light on the social and moral conditions of the new united Italy by the information that he collected in all departments of the government.
_	The content of the collection is based on the information that Rajashekhara obtained from his teacher Tilakasuri.
_	Just as the expedition was about to set sail to Diu however, a craft arrived in Goa with the information that the siege had been lifted.
_	The team has the information that a suitable helicopter is located in a survivalist encampment in Utah.
_	Danny gets the information that a popular party in Kerala is bringing 10 crores of rupees to Kerala from Bangalore by road.
_	The antiquary, in most instances, rejects the information that does not present itself in the form of an authentic and well-attested fact; and legendary lore, in particular, he throws aside, as worthless and unprofitable.
_	The interface quasi-Newton method with approximation for the inverse of the Jacobian from a least-squares model couples a black-box flow solver and structural solver by means of the information that has been gathered during the coupling iterations.
_	A scientific journal in 1910 had been published with the information that some trolls had buried their dead with personal artifacts.
_	In years to come, the public would achieve greater ways of accessing the information that corporations with excess pollutants withheld.
_	Based solely on the conclusion of these classification experts that the information that Representative Nunes disclosed was not classified, the Committee will take no further action and considers this matter closed."
_	However, when a group of 300 military experts arrived to the court of Kunkhas at Balaam (either the same city as Balkh or a city in Sogdia), they were either killed or disfigured and sent back to Iran, with the information that Kunkhas did this due to Peroz's false promise.
_	To model some leakage about the information that is being transferred, formula_14 may reveal information about the message to the adversary, e.g. the length of the message.
_	From the information that was earlier written in these tickets, it is possible to increase the fare according to increments based on approximate distances between stations.
_	The figure represents the information that links the operational view, systems and services view, and technical standards view.
_	Use this checklist to review the information that you need to register for the CBEST.
_	Yablo says he is "braced for the information that is going to make zombies inconceivable, even though I have no real idea what form the information is going to take."
_	Suddenly, the sound of cannons is heard and Xiao Pang, the Messenger, arrives on horseback with the information that Nanbatian has assembled a large number of troops, and they are on their way to attack the base of the Red Army.
_	Charlotte de Sauve has been credited as a source of the information that led to the execution of Marguerite de Valois's lover Joseph Boniface de La Môle and Annibal de Coconnas for engaging in a conspiracy to overthrow the gravely ill Charles IX and the Queen Mother in 1574 with the assistance of Huguenot troops.
_	X1 was founded in 2003, as X1 Technologies, Inc., to sell products that allow business users to access the information that resides on one computer or across the corporate enterprise.
_	Stock assessments provide fisheries managers with the information that is used in the regulation of a fish stock.
_	The IRS agreed that it would keep secret most of the information that the church was providing.
_	The tables below contain the information that is still known.
_	The solution is the wave function , which contains all the information that can be known about the system.
_	It is to Vacarius that we owe most of the information that has come down to us about Speroni, a heretic from Piacenza.
_	The special police ignored the information that people had been inflamed by pamphlets distributed by airplane.
_	These in-house calculations have been known to have been used to compare the design of the Lampyridae with the information that was available on the American F-117 Nighthawk.
_	In the morning when Radha returns with Minimol, the phone rings and they get the information that Indu is admitted in the hospital.
_	According to independent investigator Mikhail Trepashkin, Gochiyayev was an ordinary "russified Karachai" who lived in Moscow, and the information that he was an adherent of the Wahhabis came solely from a fabricated FSB investigation.
_	On 20 August, Petrakovsky received the information that he was to command the 395th Rifle Division, then forming at Voroshilovgrad.
_	He gives Artemis all the information that he knows about the beserkers but thinks that Artemis can not lose, even though Artemis was having doubts himself.
_	According to Twitter's former CEO, Dick Costolo, the social networking site does not care what a user's real name is as long as the site connects users to the information that they care about.
_	Furthermore, even though individuals might be capable of accessing the Internet, many are thwarted by barriers to entry such as a lack of means to infrastructure or the inability to comprehend the information that the Internet provides.
_	For much of the first half of the 1970s, Muwalo was able to use his post as Minister of State in the President's Office and his MCP positions to control access to Banda and manipulate the information that Banda received, particularly on the repression that Muwalo and Gwede controlled.
_	Norman Osborn steals the information that Deadpool had stolen from the Skrulls, and subsequent stories deal with the fallout from that.
_	Also, TAP is an information-processing action that occurs in two stages; the first includes the procedures that should manipulate the information that coincides with the task activity, and the second stage focuses on the experience that the task activity created.
_	The business viewpoint (the information that is domain specific and matters to the end user), the specification viewpoint (which defines the exposed interface elements of a class), and the implementation viewpoint (which deals with the actual internal implementation of the class).
_	Periodicals record the information that in 1929 Hirschler's compositions were also performed on Radio Hamburg, including fragments of the operetta "Crown Prince John", stage music from the children's drama "When Stories Set Out into the World" to the words of Egon Hillgenberg (Als die Märchen auswanderten) as well as music for the piano.
_	The fundamental idea is that sets of information known as resources are treated as abstracts; that is, a resource is a Platonic concept of the information that is the subject of a computation process.
_	As a result, it is possible that the Race either never used chemical weapons in their pre-unification wars, or that the use of such weapons (and the information that they ever existed) has been removed via censorship from the historical record at some point during the ~25,000 Earth years of unification.
_	Moreover, the president must coordinate the legislative agenda of its government, the elaboration of general normatives and give all the information that parliament may decide to request.
_	Experts believe that Peace is only a broker of the information that hackers obtain and sell through him.
_	In 1999, Benazir leaked the information that Nawaz Sharif would be deposed that there is (nothing) that Americans want to support Nawaz Sharif or the democracy in Pakistan.
_	Informally, "A" ("The person is a smoker") probabilistically causes "B" ("The person has now or will have cancer at some time in the future"), if the information that "A" occurred increases the likelihood of "B"s occurrence.
_	Formally, P{"B"|"A"}≥ P{"B"} where P{"B"|"A"} is the conditional probability that "B" will occur given the information that "A" occurred, and P{"B"}is the probability that "B" will occur having no knowledge whether "A" did or did not occur.
_	The reason for this is that having the information that the person has emphysema increases the likelihood that the person is a smoker, thus indirectly increasing the likelihood that the person will have cancer.
_	Suppose that somebody secretly rolls two fair six-sided dice, and we wish to compute the probability that the face-up value of the first one is 2, given the information that their sum is no greater than 5.
_	Moments later, it followed up with the information that a customer support employee deliberately deactivated the account on his last day of work.
_	An accurate appraisal of "Convention City" should include the information that the Strand's audiences laughed long and loud."
_	Metadata in a museum context is the information that trained cultural documentation specialists, such as archivists, librarians, museum registrars and curators, create to index, structure, describe, identify, or otherwise specify works of art, architecture, cultural objects and their images.
_	NFO files that are meant for System Information simply contain all of the information that System Information displays and are saved in an XML format.
_	Dorrek VII later fired Galen from his position as Head Priest of Science after several failed attempts to get the information that Dorrek VII wanted from the slain clone of Mister Fantastic.
_	This concerns the information that informs decision makers and consists of regular reports on the project, issues and risks that have been escalated by the Project Manager and certain key documents that describe the project, foremost of which is the business case.
_	Benioff continued by describing Jon and Daenery's intimacy as a complication "on a political level," and "on a personal level," due to the two being related, with Weiss adding "Just as we're seeing these two people come together we’re hearing the information that will inevitably, if not tear them apart at least cause real problems in their relationship."
_	It was reasonable for them to have known that the information that they had given would likely have been relied upon for entering into a contract of some sort.
_	Little is known about him, and the information that does survive regarding his life is often vague and suspect.
_	Zamora's attorney filed an appeal in 2005 stating that prosecution withheld the information that Graham did not give Jones a ride after the meet, and probably did not have sex with Jones.
_	They suggest that the information that is stored can be "brought back" to the hippocampus during active rehearsal, reminiscence, and sleep and renewed activation is what acts to transfer the information to the neocortex over time.
_	Knowing that Kae-in would never let a man (let alone a stranger) be her new roommate, the straitlaced (and straight) Jin-ho pretends to be gay to get access to the house — and all the information that he's sure is hidden within.
_	The Grand Jury members had presumed that all of the information that they had gathered in the course of their investigation as to the identity of specific extremely dubious jailhouse informants and the trials at which each of these individual witnesses had testified would be part of the public record and thus readily available in support of habeas appeals brought by defendants wrongfully convicted in this manner.
_	Actually, after the shooting, no one "ever" gave the public the information that it is safe again to resume their lives.
_	Munro is significant in the history of the movement since he is often cited as a contributor to the controversy over Pre-Raphaelitism in 1850, when he "leaked" the information that the group formed a secret brotherhood.
_	On March 3, 2015, he previewed the cover on Hypable, along with the information that the story would be for Percy Jackson's point of view.
_	Don with the information that he knows "Don"'s real name is Dick Whitman and attempts to blackmail him for a promotion.
_	During the recall of Episodic memory, the information that a person remembers is usually limited in scope, ultimately giving an incomplete recollection of an event.
_	The court emphasized the number of jurors who had expressed an opinion that the defendant was guilty, the number who had been exposed to pretrial publicity, the juror's knowledge of the details of the crime, and the information that was brought forth on voir dire to find that the defendant met the burden of showing a presumption of partiality.
_	This is why lecturing is the standard for most college courses, when there can be several hundred students in the classroom at once; lecturing lets professors address the most people at once, in the most general manner, while still conveying the information that he or she feels is most important, according to the lesson plan.
_	In HW1 calculators there is a video buffer that stores all of the information that should be displayed on the screen, and every time the screen is refreshed the calculator accesses this buffer and flushes it to the display (direct memory access).
_	Thierry and Kadiatu have been helping the Doctor recover, playing for time and hoping that he will reveal to them the information that Ship couldn't take from his mind.
_	In doing so, Freyja turns Óttar into her boar, Hildisvíni, and, by means of flattery and threats of death by fire, Freyja successfully pries the information that Óttar needs from the jötunn Hyndla.
_	In the episode "Rat Pack", Tony sits with Junior and makes conversations with both Bobby Baccalieri and Feech La Manna, when they suddenly are called up with the information that Carmine has passed during the night.
_	Armitage blackmails Montmorency into serving as bait to lure Malpensa to New Jersey, forbidding him to relay the information that Malpensa is on the loose in America and not, as was previously thought, under lock and key in Scotland.
_	The "round dance" provides the information that there is a feeding place in the vicinity of the beehive at a distance between 50 and 100 meters, without the particular direction being given.
_	With the information that Bill has provided, he is able to correct the flaw that has killed his prior specimens.
_	Responsibility-driven design defines classes in terms of a contract, that is, a class should be defined around a responsibility and the information that it shares.
_	The issue regarding emotion and TOT is how it influences the tip-of-the-tongue state and the information that is trying to be recalled.
_	The interrogations also yielded the information that 22 Black Axe members were involved, six from the University, four from the University of Lagos, four from the University of Ibadan, and eight from the University of Calabar.
_	to explore, through scientific methods, the range of human experiences with elements of architecture, to organize and validate the information that results from this collaboration and to disseminate it to emerging professionals, and students.
_	Salem states that if we train ourselves to let them in and then correctly interpret the information that is available, we can gain a tremendous advantage in a situation.
_	With the information that a gap analysis yields, the boundaries of protected areas may be designed to subsume 'gaps' containing significant populations of wildlife species that can enhance the long-term survival of a larger metapopulation of the species already within the managed or protected area, or to include a diversity of wildlife species or ecosystems that merit protection but are inadequately represented in an existing protected area network.
_	He also gives Veronica the information that she fights with her boyfriend a lot.
_	He returned with the information that gradually sloping green meadows offered a better chance for attack at the Austrian rear.
_	With the information that Lanik learned from the Ku Kei, and the Schwartz, he ultimately kills all of Anderson, and destroy all of the Ambassadors.
_	Saguisag, one of Estrada‘s lawyers said the defense will base its legal argument on the prosecution’s failure to indicate in the information that Estrada had received jueteng money “by reason of his public office,”
_	Only Lazaropoulos furnishes the information that Melik was "the son of the great Sultan Alatines Saapatines", and in a later passage mentions his cousin "Iatatine", whose son was killed in combat; these details may either be from a tradition only Lazaropoulos preserved or his own speculation.
_	The youth was stupefied with brandy, shown his mother's severed head in a fish tank, and warned that, if he did not reveal the information that they were looking for, his father would be next.
_	By chance, Luke Skywalker and Admiral Ackbar, after picking up the droids from Kessel, bring them to Mon Calamari to download the information that R2-D2 found.
_	The different aspects of consumers are all essential to a business when it is planning a marketing campaign, as the information that the business gathers will determine what the most profitable target market for the campaign is, and how to reach this market.
_	It is also possible, that the NKVD controlled Päts's health or the information that reached him.
_	This allows Alec to successfully hack into Kellog's system and retrieve the information that they need to send Kiera home.
_	The court stated that the Does' right to privacy was violated because the information that Jane Doe's husband gave the police officers (being HIV positive) was confidential information.
_	In a dissenting opinion, Justice Antonin Scalia argued that the declaration about the ultimate recipient of the gun was not material to the sale, and that it is not included in the information that the dealer is required to keep on the records.
_	It is a branch of continuum mechanics, a subject which models matter without using the information that it is made out of atoms; that is, it models matter from a "macroscopic" viewpoint rather than from "microscopic".
_	HLS obtained a "gagging order" in the US that prevents PETA from publicising or talking about any of the information that they discovered.
_	In January 1940 he was sent to Sachsenhausen concentration camp, in the end of February 1942 his family received the information that Bursche died on February 20, 1942 in Berlin–Moabit Prison.
_	If a tide table gives the information that tomorrow's low water would be at noon and that the water level at this time would be two metres above chart datum, and that at the following high tide the water level would be 14 metres, then the height of water at 3:00 p.m. can be calculated as follows:
_	The Anticancer Fund holds a HON-certificate for the information that can be found on its website.
_	Lazaros Tsamis got the information that the Ottoman authorities suspected him for involvement in the business of smuggling the Greek Delegation from the region of Korestia, and in order to mislead and distract the Ottoman authorities, he offered to lead Turkish military section of fifty men in the village of Trigono Florina ( Ostima), where the gang of Bulgarian guerilla Mitros Vlachos.
_	Obviously both princes had the same mother, but different fathers, which was corroborated by the Si Tep inscription (in present-day Thailand) giving the information that Bhavavarman was the son of a Prathivīndravarman and grandson of a Cakravartin whereas the inscription from Pak Mun in Ubon/Thailand informs us that the name of the father of Vīravarman was called Sārvabhauma.
_	This coincides with the oldest Chinese text that mentions Chenla, the "Suí shū" (Annals of the Suí Dynasty), compiled by Wèi Zhēng (580–643) in AD 636, which gives the information that at the beginning of the 7th century Chenla was ruled by Citrasena and Īśānavarman.
_	“The later... scholiasts... elaborate on Lucan: they elicit the information that Taranis was propitiated by burning, Teutates by drowning, and Esus by means of suspending his victims from trees and ritually wounding them”
_	As a result, much of the information that does come to light is in dispute.
_	In communicating with the civil society and the media, the SIE strikes a necessary balance between the citizen's right to be informed in conditions of transparency and the obligation to keep secret the information that, under the law, cannot be disclosed.
_	The hunters were overseen by an independent adjudicator, former Head of Covert Operations for the Metropolitan Police, Kevin O’Leary, whose job was to make sure that the information requested and gathered by the hunters reflected the information that would be available to them in real life and within the appropriate time frame.
_	Thus the information that is required to encode compensated frame will be much smaller than with the difference frame.
_	In conjunction with upper management, he concealed from Roger Maris the information that he had broken his hand until late in the season, an injury that left him unable to grip a bat as tightly as he had before.
_	They often show clips of reporters conveying the news stories and mock the information that was provided.
_	At the end of the two years the child is returned with the information that two gifts have been given her by the Malay servant, one a passion for bright stones, especially diamonds, and the other the art of hating intensely.
_	Pope Clement XI addressed a letter to João V of Portugal (September 28, 1709), assuring him of the truth of the information that Bishop Sleyne conveyed to him about the plight of Irish Catholics.
_	Finally, in the season three finale, he tells her that he regrets seeing her in such pain, referring to her heartbreak over ending her relationship with Bill- although he was the one who deliberately gave her the information that caused her to banish Bill from her house.
_	In order to supply the information that the mother of a dog is a dog in turn, another declaration formula_22 may be issued; this is called "function overloading", similar to overloading in programming languages.
_	Mr Regan told the court the evidence will show that in the lead-up to signing the lifeline deal with ANZ, that Smith took "reasonable and appropriate steps based on the information that was available to him".
_	That difference is the information that the servoamplifier uses to keep the lens at the proper reading distance during the playback operation, even if the disc is warped.
_	FSI extracts and saves only the information that is in the raw data.
_	SiriusDecisions’ research services provide the information that executives need to inform aspects of their marketing, sales and product strategies, including:
_	This is to say that the rememberer infers their knowledge of the target word, and the imminence of retrieval depends upon the information that they are able to access about the target word from their memory.
_	Authorities determined that the information that he in return provided was false, because the house had not yet been built at the time of Natalee's disappearance.
_	Beginning in 1964, the NDP published a journal, "Nuclear Data Sheets", to disseminate the information that the NDP had gathered.
_	Many people have expressed some concern however on the information that these smart TVs are sending out to the companies collecting this data.
_	One crucial factor in information handling and decision making is an individual's ability to process information and to make decisions under limitations that might derive from the context: a person's age, the situational complexity, or a lack of requisite quality in the information that is at hand – all of which is exacerbated by the rapid advance of technology and the new kinds of system that it enables, especially as the social web emerges as a phenomenon that business cannot ignore.
_	It was at 6 o'clock in the evening of Sunday 14 August 1830, while the mill owners were away that Clarke, in a most distressed state, alarmed the residents of the village of Sherburn with the information that six Irishmen had broken into the house at Hallgarth.
_	Her account of the information that she obtained from him is so detailed that it reads like a verbatim transcript of their conversations.
_	One such article presented the information that over 10% of the world's population is left handed.
_	Before Halfas departs, he leaves to Mihael the information that he will be awaiting his arrival in Verea, and offers a chance to claim the other two magic swords.
_	The requesting must obtain the consent of the Aadhaar holder for verification, and inform him/her of nature of the information that will be shared upon verification.
_	Klein identifies this to be a source of problem since too detailed descriptions may limit the subordinates initiative, (4) rationale for plan includes all the information that where present when making the decision, (5) key decisions that may have to be made, i.e. if there is a choice to be made the commander can provide the intent in how he wants it to be conducted, (6) antigoals, describe unwanted outcomes, and (7) constraints and other considerations describes weather and rule of engagement etc.
_	Most of the information that exists on the Tribe was secretly compiled by Otori Shigeru with the help of Muto Shizuka.
_	Included in the report was the information that most of the illnesses recorded in Jonchères were due to malnutrition of its inhabitants most of whom were born poor.
_	Darren has had a long and expansive career to date, this is a direct result of the information that he published on his blog.
_	Although Butler had successfully gathered the information that Robert E. Lee needed, for the second time in three days—Haw's Shop and Matadequin Creek—the Confederate cavalry had been driven back by their Union counterparts, and in both cases Custer's brigade had provided the crucial force needed to prevail.
_	Information Overload can lead to "information anxiety," which is the gap between the information we understand and the information that we think that we must understand.
_	The games were educational for the intelligence community, in learning the sort of information that policymakers needed in a critical situation, in understanding the information that needed to be researched even to create a plausible scenario.
_	Frequently, individuals already have all the information that they desire about a topic.
_	In each case, the attacker is able to compromise the particular cryptographic algorithm or protocol by inspecting the information that the backdoor information is encoded in (e.g., the public key, the digital signature, the key exchange messages, etc.) and then exploiting the logic of the asymmetric backdoor using their secret key (usually a private key).
_	Others argue that information itself is ethically neutral, and that it is the people acting upon the information that can be good or evil.
_	Data shadows refer to the information that a person leaves behind unintentionally while taking part in daily activities such as checking their e-mails, scrolling through social media or even by using their debit or credit card.
_	After he received the information that the Bulgarian forces were outnumbered and in great danger of being defeated, he decided to act without direct orders from general Toshev and assist the Bulgarian 6th Division at Dobrich.
_	Jake goes to see Fitz and gives him the information that Olivia gave him of the Kashfari hostages.
_	Additionally, if a key management system deletes or loses a key, the information that was encrypted via said key is essentially rendered "lost" as well.
_	That is all the information that survives concerning the date of Pytheas' voyage.
_	The archaeological discoveries that have been made in the archaeological field have expanded the information that is known of the Maya Civilization.
_	Some of the information that can be obtained from the repository includes:
_	ICA chief press officer Staffan Ekengren said the company had provided all the information that it possessed about the stores to the National Food Administration.
_	Requires the information that may be included in certain aggregates to be delayed by 180 days, one year, or 540 days depending on the chosen reporting method and whether the nondisclosure requirements are contained in a new order or directive concerning a platform, product, or service for which the person did not previously receive an order or directive.
_	Many women, and men most likely, benefited from the information that they passed on from their experiences.
_	But much of the information that the Foreign Office and Säpo [Swedish security service police] have are wrong, Agiza is not convicted of the murder of president Sadat, not even a suspect.
_	From the 1135 documents comes the information that Trechtingshausen in the “parish of Saint Clement” was under the ownership of Kornelimünster Abbey near Aachen.
_	With the information that the NPA had a base in the towns of Candoni and Kabankalan, the military immediately sent troops in the said area to hunt down the rebels.
_	He has acknowledged that he publicly released the information that Valerie Plame Wilson worked for the CIA, triggering the Plame affair.
_	Any service B controlling, or believing it controls, a double agent, must constantly evaluate the information that agent is providing on service A.
_	"I would love for my readers to take apart this book by extracting the information that is most important to them at a certain stage in life,” Pruthi writes.
_	Bathymetry, regional geology, potential geohazards, seabed obstacles and metocean data are some of the information that are sought after during that phase.
_	For example, a United States Department of State web page on dual nationality contains the information that most US citizens, including dual nationals, must use a US passport to enter and leave the United States.
_	Julius Köver's activities started raising suspicions in February 1935, when United Press released the information that Prince Nicholas of Romania was expected to return to Romania, where the Iron Guard was preparing a revolt intending to depose King Carol II and to replace him with Nicholas.
_	The plans were for a one-year project, but this was cut short after about nine months when Carl became privy to the information that the go-between had pocketed $10,000 and misinformed Poncho as to the amount paid.
_	On April 10, 2014, the Minister of Internal Affairs of Poland confirmed the information that the American technology company HP confessed to its participation in the Polish info-tour and corruption of Polish officials.
_	Most of the information that comprise digital maps is the culmination of satellite imagery as well as street level information.
_	A naive decoding algorithm for concatenated codes can not be an optimal way of decoding because it does not take into account the information that maximum likelihood decoding (MLD) gives.
_	Although there had been some talks of resuming excavation at El Caño many archaeologist continued to be content with the information that they obtained during the 1970s.
_	The USDA states the information that must be included on a VFD form.
_	All the information that appears in the "CPS" print edition is also available to subscribers at www.e-therapeutics.ca.
_	Top confronts Samantha if she gave Piggy the information that Audrey was his girlfriend in which she denies.
_	These "selves" are part of one's identity and the self-reliant information is the information that relies on the proper "self" to process and react on it.
_	When Chihani was done with his speech, he got the information that they were encircled.
_	More advanced features include the ability to restrict the information that is shared, usually by removing information about living people out of privacy concerns; the import of sound files; the generation of family history books, web pages and other publications; the ability to handle same sex marriages and children born out of wedlock; searching the Internet for data; and the provision of research guidance.
_	On 18 May 2017, Neves was suspended from the position of Senator by Minister of the Supreme Court Edson Fachin, at the request of the Attorney General's office that also requested his arrest after the information that he requested R$2 million from the owners of meat processing company JBS.
_	According to Burnand's 1904 memoir, Sullivan's friend the composer Frederic Clay leaked to Burnand the information that Gilbert and Sullivan were working on an "æsthetic subject", and so Burnand raced to produce "The Colonel" before "Patience" opened.
_	On February 17, Metrolinx, through Halton MPP Indira Naidoo-Harris, challenged that assertion, saying, "Metrolinx is not aware of any sources that would lead to the information that was posted in the Milton Canadian Champion article.
_	This is followed by shots of missing persons noticeboards and posters with the information that 30 million Germans – almost half the population – are still looking for lost relatives and friends.
_	One example is the information that Karin Månsdotter was engaged in market trade prior to her marriage.
_	Ontologies provide a set of defined terms and relationships between the terms to capture the information that describes the physical, functional, performance, and programmatic aspects of the system.
_	They wanted to know the weight and dimensions, fusing and firing sequences, safety features, and in-flight procedures; the information that would allow American bombs to be carried in British V-bombers, and American warheads to be fitted to British Blue Streak missiles.
_	We recall from memory the information that reflects our current state.
_	He corroborates the information that the discovery was predicated on information revealed by three communist defectors who had witnessed the massacre.
_	This is because the information that he, and other scholars from his era, left behind is simply not precise enough (despite his coordinates), due to the rudimentary methods caravans employed while route surveying distant lands from which ancient cartographers drew their maps.
_	Kevin Smith, the director of scholarly communications at Duke University, has said that a broad holding in the plaintiffs' favor would have "catastrophic consequences," either limiting the information that students can read or greatly increasing the cost of higher education.
_	While obtaining accurate and reliable information about the financial aspects of the importation of wives is understandably difficult since the majority of these arrangements are not widely publicized, the information that is available comes primarily from the agencies that facilitate these transactions.
_	However, the Supreme Court's "New York Times Co. v. Sullivan" decision (1964) lets them still be liable to public figures if the information that they disseminate is recklessly gathered and unchecked.
_	Police released the information that the child was a murder victim and charged Michael McCarthy, the mother's boyfriend, with Bond's death.
_	In the IITC, the quantity "phi" is defined as the information that is integrated across the informational "weakest link" of a system.
_	At this time one of the pinnaces brought the information that the Chinese, estimated at 1,000 and carrying a large amount of supplies, were approaching Palm Island, and that upon sighting the launch, the Chinese had fired upon it.
_	The statement formula_3 means "formula_4 contains all the information that formula_5 does".
_	The Zachman Framework is not a methodology in that it does not imply any specific method or process for collecting, managing, or using the information that it describes.; rather, it is an ontology whereby a schema for organizing architectural artifacts (in other words, design documents, specifications, and models) is used to take into account both who the artifact targets (for example, business owner and builder) and what particular issue (for example, data and functionality) is being addressed.
_	More precisely, it is the set of applications managing these windows and the information that allow these applications to restore the condition of their managed windows if required.
_	In York Oates reminds Sir Daniel that he will be a bigger land owner than Warwick and, then, double-crosses him by going to Warwick with the information that it was Sir Daniel that had Sir Richard killed.
_	Thus the translator, instead of paying attention to the verbal signs, concentrates more on the information that is to be delivered.
_	They make the information that the specific type of print is meant to convey clear and uncluttered.
_	They don't have the time to sift through all of the information that inundates today's professional to determine what is most important to their interests.
_	While strictly spoken, any kind of link to additional information set up in space (together with the information that a specific place supplies) would make up location-dependent media, the term locative media is strictly bound to technical projects.
_	General Tommy Franks, who led the American invasion of Afghanistan, stated in a press conference in Tashkent on 24 January 2002 that "the information that I have reflects that Namangani is dead", and in a later conference (again in Tashkent) on 23 August 2002 expressed that "the information that ... we've had for some time indicates that he probably is not still alive".
_	According to Vijayan, the book contains incriminating information against Amit Shah and Narendra Modi; and the information that dalit and lower caste police officers in Gujarat were co-opted and made instruments of state violence.
_	TSA fired him three years later with a single charge of "Unauthorized Disclosure of Sensitive Security Information" – an unclassified "hybrid secrecy" label the TSA retroactively applied to the information that he disclosed.
_	The Cordovites "adopted the symbol of the red bird"- a fleeting symbol that appears in each of Cordova's films -in an attempt to get him to return, but he remains silent, while the information that must be known about him is picked over by the Cordovites on the "invisible Internet fan site known as the Blackboards".
_	[[Geoffrey Pole]], younger brother of the,Cardinal, came to London with the information that a Roman Catholic conspiracy was in the making.
_	These synapses are thought to be a storage site for the information that is required for motor coordination and their misfunctioning is involved with some movement disorders.
_	Nichols wrote a complimentary review in the "Gentleman's Magazine", with hints of the exotic curiosities described in the book - rose-apples at the Cape, kangaroo meat at Port Jackson - and ending with the information that Mrs Parker had given birth to a boy just days after getting back home in June 1792.
_	With Z-MAC, the ping contains information on the sending node itself and all the information that has been collected through the direct neighbors of the node.
_	YouTube especially gives the individual the opportunity to upload and control the information that is distributed on themselves – as they are the ones creating, editing, and uploading the content.
_	With the information that Khrushchev released, the Americans believed that they would be able to continue with their cover story that the crashed plane was a weather research aircraft and not a military spy plane.
_	He decides to call a town meeting and spread the information that way.
_	After the information that the marathon might get canceled was made public, 350 people volunteered within four days.
_	Pseudo-listening is the most ineffective way to communicate because after the conversation one will not have retained much of the information that was said.
_	The name of Quadratus' wife is not recorded, although he is known to have had at least one son, Gaius Ummidius Quadratus Annianus Verus, consul "suffectus" in an uncertain year, perhaps AD 146; Syme provides the information that he married his son to Annia Cornificia Faustina.
_	Operations security (OPSEC), in a widely accepted meaning, relates to identifying the information that is most critical to protect regarding future operations, and planning activities to:
_	The investigation was formally moved from CSIS to the RCMP after Shaikh had verified the information that had been disclosed to him by the subjects of the investigation.
_	The court found that the information that Reddy had, if disclosed, could be used to the disadvantage of Siemens.
_	It further prevents those who are diligently preparing these tests from being able to observe the information that would otherwise have alerted them to the presence of this error.
_	She also reported the information that Donald Stewart, rather than Allan Breck Stewart, was probably the actual shooter.
_	Until people get the power to control the information that is being collected about them, Google is not truly protecting privacy.
_	"In healthcare, interoperability is the ability of different information technology systems and software applications to communicate, exchange data, and use the information that has been exchanged.
_	He argued that in Internet business environment clients rather than the marketers usually start the interaction and they will actively look for the information that they need.
_	From the information that is publicly available, British practices in this area seem more stringent and proactive than U.S. practices.
_	With the information that the researchers obtain, an advisory board will compile a list of guidelines to interpret the results.
_	Isabel does not reveal the information that Whitaker gave her about her past to Max, and this begins to drive a subtle wedge between the sister and brother.
_	Planning tools provide a common inventory of application data including costs, life cycles, and owners, so that planners have easy access to the information that drives their decisions.
_	In his position at Western Union, he gathered the information that led him to write "The Story of Telecommunications", (1992, reprinted 1999, ), which included the experiences of Thomas A. Edison, Ezra Cornell and other pioneers and was based on an extensive review of company documents, period newspapers, letters and diaries.
_	Also that night, sing the information that Donan was a specialist in base64 encoding, and his favorite colors, silver and orange, someone thought to encode the phrase "silver and gold" in base64, revealing another URL, which provided a black-and-white image of the Western Chute-Out slides, that was also the GIF animation that the puzzle was found in.
_	He later returns to the Byrd house and is able to confirm his suspicions through the information that Susan relates to him.
_	With the information that Eve's father was going to start selling her in Dallas, it is to be concluded that Richard Troy was going to sell his daughter to Patrick Roarke.
_	However, on September 19, days after an abbreviated start in which he left with elbow pain, the Jays released the information that Marcum would need Tommy John surgery and would miss the rest of the 2008 season and likely all of 2009.
_	The birds represent the information that can be learned in the books.
_	Head of the parliamentary committee on national security and defense of the Ukrainian parliament Serhiy Pashynsky stated that "We have the information that the terrorist groups and Russian (army) exceeded the size of Ukrainian military.
_	She believes that there was no existing "wall" that separated information sharing between agencies, and believes that the problem with information sharing was that the FBI didn't know the information that was available to the CIA, and vice versa.
_	Although Crow momentarily worries that he will be found out, he goes downstair in Melissa's studio and, drawing on the information that Danny has imparted to him previously, paints three pictures.
_	After killing Ma Gnucci and destroying her mansion, the Punisher confronts Soap and Molly, and offers them Ma's compromising photographs of the mayor and the police commissioner in exchange for all of the information that the NYPD has pertaining to the Vigilante Squad.
_	A signal r carries the information that s is F =
_	On the day the Cylons attack humanity, the woman reveals she is an advanced Cylon, model Number Six (later known as Caprica Six), and she used the information that Baltar gave her to shut down the Colonial defenses, thus making him responsible for the Cylons' successful genocidal campaign against the Twelve Colonies.
_	The U.S. military also declassified the information that its military satellites, built to detect nuclear explosions, had detected hundreds of upper-atmosphere impacts by objects ranging from one to ten meters across.
_	Depending on the information that is made available to an algorithm, voice-quality test algorithms can be divided into two main categories:
_	Recent internal border controls according to the information that the member states have provided to the European Commission.
_	Information ranging back hundreds of years is not always worthwhile, because the numbers of people for which data are available may not provide the information that is important (such as population size).
_	A publicist generally serves as a bridge between the relationship of a client and the public and said to use any possible technique in order to get favourable mentions within the media in regards to the information that they are willing to release.
_	ATO could start a train, accelerate to the correct speed, and stop automatically in the correct position at the railway platform at the next station, while taking into account the information that a human driver would obtain from lineside or cab signals.
_	The '2' specifies the version of the information that follows the comma.
_	That magazine shared the information that his health was improving prior to his demise.
_	He refuses to accommodate her desire to establish a probing 'frame', to elicit the information that her curiosity craves.”
_	The "most" efficient caching algorithm would be to always discard the information that will not be needed for the longest time in the future.
_	Propaganda is information that is not objective and is used primarily to influence an audience and further an agenda, often by presenting facts selectively to encourage a particular synthesis or perception, or using loaded language to produce an emotional rather than a rational response to the information that is presented.
_	The concerns relating to the information that Boards are creating and communicating to the Secretary of State and within the annual reports they produce.
_	Another constraint is that lower literacy levels among women hinder their ability to communicate and understand the information that is communicated to them in writing, which in turn limits their understanding of complex financial products that are being offered to them.
_	"In this world of myriad viewpoints and unlimited information, every single person is choosing only the information that he or she is interested in, and people with similar interests gather and form a group.
_	In 1999 then Secretary of Energy Bill Richardson reported to Congress that the NIF project was on time and budget, following the information that had been passed onto him by NIF's management.
_	The occupation of Indo Greek kingdom in Maini is evident from their large number of coins, which provides the information that before their invasion this place was introduced to them.
_	However, and because it requires the thorough and systematic study of culture and its memeplexes, will always store the information that these obsolete memeplexes contain.
_	This case centers around the issue of whether an employee who was authorized to access an employer's internal computer system for the purposes of performance of her job duties should be charged for unlawful use of the information that she was authorized to access in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1030(e)(6).
_	With the information that we knew today we can not know how or when Santiago died and we will continue insisting that there was a forced disappearance followed by death".
_	Foreign residents can exercise the right “on the condition that the information that they require is related to them or the field of their activities and on the basis of the principle of reciprocity”.
_	From a phone call to their call center (800-437-5120) on July 28, 2007, a Certegy representative stated that the information that was sold was limited to: name, address, phone number, and last four digits of the account in question.
_	Roman, however, decides to steal the information that Drake and Sullivan have gathered and find the treasure for himself.
_	Time-of-flight scanners' accuracy can be lost when the laser hits the edge of an object because the information that is sent back to the scanner is from two different locations for one laser pulse.
_	The EB-eye can search only the information that gets indexed.
_	Andrew Warren (grandson of a whaler who came to Pitcairn around 1875, thus being no descendant of the mutineers), as well as Dora Warren and Roy Clark, whose exact direct descent from the mutineers (or lack of such) remains unclear, when judging only from the information that the documentary reveals.
_	A spokesperson for PIBA denied that the deletion of Muslim names was racist or discriminatory and that it had simply released the information that people wanted.
_	These use interrogative words ("wh"-words) such as "when", "which", "who", "how", etc. to specify the information that is desired.
_	The Riedesel Archive yields the information that the ruins, still recognizable in the 18th century as a Schultheiß's "dilapidated stately home", were cleared away.
_	On The 13 September the third guest got announced, Charlotte Wessels (Delain, Phantasma) plays the character "Evil Siren Mermaid" on the song "Aquarium", along with the information that "The Puzzle" shall be released in Europe and North America on 18 November.
_	With this interpretation we can see that the supremum formula_6 of a subset formula_7 is the element that contains all the information that "any" element of formula_8 contains, but "no more".
_	The 2006 edition also reinstates the cocktail section and the frozen desserts section, and restores much of the information that was omitted for the 1997 edition.
_	On 13 April 2016, Fiat presented the Mobi's first official prototype, after various images released on the Internet and the information that had already appeared on some automotive magazines, confirming the rumors about this new vehicle.
_	In contrast, standard Chinese-Chinese dictionary definitions of "xuanchuan" (see the "Hanyu Da Cidian" above) neither mention that the term can have a pejorative connotation nor highlight any connection between the act of propagandizing and the accuracy (or inaccuracy) of the information that is being disseminated (Edney 2014: 22).
_	Goldberg said, "If this is to be tried in the court of public opinion, I got to say all of the information that's out there kind of points to guilt."
_	... reliance can be placed on the accuracy and completeness of the information that the college is responsible for publishing about itself and the programmes it delivers."
_	Those two are: how the information is being delivered and, how the information that is being delivered throughout the academic community is working and communicating.
_	Whether there is a large audience or exchanging a message to one person, decoding is the process of obtaining, absorbing, understanding, and sometimes using the information that was given throughout a verbal or non-verbal message.
_	Ruan wanders again and, by chance, meets the Lady of the Rouge and the Black Needle Knight once more and gives them the information that they desire about the locations Li Dong and Liu Tian, respectively.
_	Another consequence of the Supreme Court's ruling in "Rasul v. Bush" was the establishment of Combatant Status Review Tribunals to review and confirm the information that initially led each captive to be classified as an enemy combatant.
_	The RAF Bomber command version contains most of the information that is in the C.C.S. memorandum but in a different order and in the note at the bottom it makes it clear that this directive replaced general directive No. 5, that is often referred to as the Area Bombing Directive.
_	When he was subpoenaed, he denied writing the anonymous letter or having any knowledge about it but he could not explain what he had done or was planning to do with the information that he had obtained.
_	From the information that the historian Ignazio De Blasi handed down, we know that its brethren were butchers and farmers.
_	Other non-governmental acts that protect the right to privacy and thus limit the information that can be collected are:
_	Sony executive was on the board of Snapchat and emails stolen during the Sony Pictures hack leaked the information that Snapchat had paid $50 million to acquire Scan.
_	Tweets and news coverage spread the information that the show was stopped and the location evacuated due to a bomb threat.
_	Although there have been persistent claims of betrayal by an informant, the source of the information that led the authorities to raid the "Achterhuis" has never been identified.
_	The bridges have to determine the root bridge and compute the port roles (root, designated, or blocked) with only the information that they have.
_	It was through this introduction and his attendance of Nationalist Party meetings that he made the connections and gathered the information that allowed the commencement of what was to be called "Operation Governor".
_	Students had to use the books that were given to them and they had to use pen and paper to organise and make sense of the information that they were learning.
_	During the fourth stage, "formulation", the information seeker starts to evaluate the information that has been gathered.
_	In 2016. the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority are issuing rules that will require the furnishing of references, before any approval or certification may be given by them, as well as specifying the information that they must contain.
_	However, when a group of 300 military experts arrived to the court of Kunkhas at Balaam (either the same city as Balkh or a city in Sogdia), they were either killed or disfigured and sent back to Iran, with the information that Kunkhas did this due to Peroz's false promise.
_	He was a monk at Fécamp Abbey, holding the office of almoner, although the information that he held that office only dates from the Ship List, a listing of ships used by William the Conqueror in the initial invasion of England in 1066.
_	Homer, due to his inability to keep a secret, eventually releases the information that Baldwin and Basinger are in Springfield, and the couple's house is discovered by Springfield citizens and the media.
_	As a result, inconsistencies between the information that enters into the reconstruction and the original attitudes can produce changes in prior attitudes, whereas consistency between these elements often elicits stability in prior attitudes.
_	Shub was reportedly on vacation when his manager contacted him with the information that Sacha Baron Cohen was requesting to license one of his songs.
_	Apart from the information that Smilec became emperor of Bulgaria according to the wishes of Nogai Khan, we know nothing of the circumstances of Smilec's accession.
_	In the object model, both the parent and children are stored in the one data record, the information that was previously stored within the related table is now stored within the sub or nested table of Foo.
_	Possessing information is not, typically, the vital act; it is what one can and does do or potentially can do with the information that typically is of vital importance.
_	Where simulated patients are used, detailed scripts are provided to ensure that the information that they give is the same to all candidates, including the emotions that the patient should use during the consultation.
_	A disadvantages of synchronous communication is that it can be difficult to retain, recall, and organize the information that has been given in a verbal message.
_	In April 2011 he caused a furore by making public allegations that match fixing had been taking place in Sri Lankan cricket since 1992 and stated that he was prepared to divulge the information that he had about this to the ICC.
_	Of course, this policy does not acknowledge that a Wikipedia entry may itself become a factor in reputation building: especially when the information that this entry exists is propagated by journalists and other potent 'multiplicators'".
_	Of particular relevance to Thompson’s case was the fact that Fink was released from his parole hold soon after he provided the information that incriminated Thompson.” (Id. at 1054.)
_	From the information that is known, there is a very clear increase, not only over the past decade, but also from year to year.
_	He said: "Our job — and we take it seriously — is to ensure that the information that we put out is fair and unbiased in everything that we do".
_	From him, Danielsson gathered the information that the reason Teha'amana declined to live with Gauguin in 1895, despite generous gifts of bead necklaces and brass rings, was that she was repulsed by the syphilitic sores covering his entire body.
_	This would fit better with the information that around 150 units were built in total.
_	Most of the information that we have on her role during this time is what Plutarch wrote in both the "Life of Tiberius Gracchus" and the "Life of Gaius Gracchus".
_	M.I.A. said "You can Google 'Sri Lanka' and it doesn't come up that all these people have been murdered or bombed, it's 'Come to Sri Lanka on vacation, there are beautiful beaches' ... you're not gonna get the truth till you hit like, page 56, and it's my and your responsibility to pass on the information that it's not easy anymore".
_	EPPML defines the structure and meaning for the information that represents a postal product.
_	Meanwhile, ashore, the police race against time to track down the mysterious bomb maker, who calls himself "Juggernaut," who will for a ransom reveal the information that will disarm the bombs.
_	As far as Olive's sexuality is concerned there is little known, because however open she was [as a woman] for her time, this was merely relative, and the information that may be used as the primary evidence in this regard, is included and appeared as an addendum in the case studies that appear in [Havelock] Ellis's Studies in the psychology of sex ... ("History IX", 236)
_	The determined dad fights to uncover the information that will land the murderer in jail as he avenges the death of his daughter.
_	In situations where the child feels different, she or he may decide to manage the information that others know about him or her.
_	In hindsight it has been proven that most of the information that Enbom gave to the Soviet Union was public and could be easily found by anyone interested.
_	This holds even when all core dumps of the trojan and all the information that it broadcasts is entered into evidence.
_	Critics have argued that Telesur works as a propaganda network for the regimes of Hugo Chávez and Nicolás Maduro, and provides coverages that focus only in the information that may benefit or harm a government, according to its political aligment.
_	With the information that the British fleet was about to invade, the viceroy sent most of his troops to Montevideo, as it was thought to be the central focus of the invasion.
_	The "CSI" (Consolidated Software Inventory) is a dataset containing the information that SMP/E needs to track the contents of the distribution and target libraries.
_	An example of the information that can be obtained is the use of "um" or "uh" in a conversation.
_	defines the information that Member States should provide the Commission on the state of implementation of the Directive.
_	Hollie is killed by the end of the episode, and like Omar, is mourned by police who alternately worked with him and pursued him, with Detective Bobby Simone, at the end of the episode, beating up the detective who leaked the information that got Hollie killed.
_	Police worry that with a camera right in front of the victim, they will not feel comfortable in revealing all the information that they know.
_	The quality of the information that such frequencies can give is tempered by the large geographical area that they cover, and in some more sparsely populated FIRs the frequencies are often not staffed.
_	Debriefing elicited the information that there were about 40 guards at the camp, and about the same number of prisoners to be rescued.
_	Blake wants the information that's in an implant that's inside of Samantha, who is a CIA courier, because it could lead to a lot of money for Blake, and it turns out that Charlotte is working for Blake.
_	Truman wanted a centralized group to organize the information that reached him, the Department of Defense wanted military intelligence and covert action, and the State Department wanted to create global political change favorable to the US.
_	A few states restrict the information that can be obtained from an arrest record, especially when it concerns individuals who were never charged, were acquitted or had their records expunged.
_	In particular, she gains the information that it is not both Tuesday and the case that Heads was flipped.
_	This question asked voters to restrict the information that the government could provide before referendums.
_	Following this visit, and taking in all the information that was presented to them during that time, the BRAC commission voted unanimously, 9–0, to keep the unit intact.
_	The name and description of the event contains all the information that the company considers relevant to shareholders and the SEC.
_	In the beginning, Central Intelligence was the beast of three masters: Truman, who, from his position under a mountain of state, DOD, and FBI reports (The FBI having jurisdiction in Latin America) quickly saw the need for a centralized outlet to organize the information that would reach his desk; Defense, who wanted CI to both know everything about military adversaries, perform military sabotage, and foment partisans that would fight with the US if war came; and the State Department, that wanted CI to bring global political change positive to the ends of the US.
_	The precise methods that are used to determine location are dependent on the type of access network and the information that can be obtained from the device.
_	The primary problem was that the Internet provided, at no cost, much of the information that was previously easily available only from the committee for the cost of an annual membership."
_	Although most accounts give the name of Leavitt's wife as Joan Ayres – and Ayres was subsequently the middle name of Leavitt's son George, who took over his father's publishing business – Sidney Perley, in his authoritative "The Essex Antiquarian", lists under the 'Adams Genealogy' the information that Major John Adams of Andover, Massachusetts, had daughters Louisa (who married 'Jonathan Leavitt') and Hannah (who married "Daniel Appleton of Haverhill' of "the Appleton Publishing House of New York City.").
_	However, he stated that postmodern therapies lost the information that family dialogues produced, the spontaneity of therapist-directed enactments, the focus on the therapist as a positive and helpful, that the therapist can make a family feel more connected, and the acknowledgement that the therapist must function with personal bias.
_	He is not heard of again, and may well have been dead by the time of Philip Rosseter's "Lessens for Consort" (1609) which includes four of his compositions, together with the information that most of the contents are by composers 'whose memorie only remaines'.
_	On the evening of 7 June he received a phone call from Cherbourg with the information that he had been awarded the Iron Cross 1st Class ("Eisernes Kreuz 1. Klasse") in addition to the earlier award.
_	Among the information that is generally required includes the shipper's name and address; the consignee's name and address; descriptions of each of the dangerous goods, along with their quantity, classification, and packaging; and emergency contact information.
_	The manifest content can be interpreted as the information that the conscious individual remembers experiencing.
_	One of the critiques of the book ‘iGen’ is that Twenge states her conclusions first then goes out to gather the data, selecting the data that falls in line with her conclusions and sets aside the information that doesn’t.
_	Writing centuries later, the Greek historian Dionysius of Halicarnassus in his "Rhomaike Archaiologia" ("Antiquitates romanae", "Roman Antiquities"), cites Antioch of Syracuse for the information that Italus was an Oenotrian by birth and relates the tradition that Italia was named after him, as well as another account that derives the name "Italia" from a word for calf, an etymology also stated by Timaeus, Varro, and Festus.
_	Besides capturing 400 soldiers and a number of wagons, Gérard secured the information that Blücher was headed for Waren.
_	In addition to the information that can be extracted from the collected data the framework uses the advantage prior knowledge about the geometry of the sensor array to perform the estimation task.
_	Alerting makes it possible for people to keep up with the information that matters most to them.
_	Ebbesen, Kjos, and Konecni, however, demonstrated that proximity itself does not predict friendship formation; rather, proximity serves to amplify the information that is relevant to the decision of either forming or not forming a friendship.
_	From his observations, he concluded that most of the information that young brains absorbed came through the eyes, and were thus related to light and images.
_	According to Leoni, just as a central planner lacks the information that emerges in a market, a legislator lacks the information that emerges in case law.
_	All products that have a CE mark must have a technical file which must contain the information that proves that the product conforms with the EU directives for CE-marked products.
_	William Grant, the Hackberry merchant, this week received a letter from B.F. Watts, of Marshall, Oklahoma, conveying the information that J.J. Watts died at Lander, Wyoming, last winter.
_	The key to the eventual establishment of its location lay in the information that the Cistern of Aetius was located near the monastery of Prodomos of Petra, which was surely in the valley dividing the fifth and the sixth hills: this led to its identification with the "Çukurbostan" near the Gate of Adrianople.
_	The captain of one of the ships, the tanker "Egyptian Star" relays the information that he thinks a submarine has been trailing the ship.
_	After the Cometeers penetrate the secret archives of The Green Hall and carry out the information that a man named Merrin is alive, the Council of The Green Hall decides to destroy the comet with the secret weapon AKKA.
_	Editor-in-chief Andrew Holden explained that the newspaper's decision was based on the information that it had received in the preceding week that indicated that Gillard's communication had not resonated with the electorate.
_	Because IRC is a text-based communication medium, the obvious limitation of this metaphor is that the participants of a conversation on IRC do not actually see or hear each other, so alternative ways must be employed to convey the information that would otherwise be gained from facial expressions, tones of voice, and other audio-visual clues.
_	Historians have culled from church and academic records the information that he earned a bachelor's degree and registered for a course in canon law at the University of Mexico in 1623.
_	Currie and De Waal suggest that accountability is unattainable if the government has a monopoly on the information that informs its actions and decisions.
_	Pan-African based organisations and WikiAfrica users are asked to create new articles, expand the African content and improve the information that has already been given.
_	The IATI Standard combines a list of the information that donors publishing data as part of the Initiative should seek to publish, along with an XML schema and collection of code lists for representing that information as structured open data.
_	He may have belonged to the circle of scholars who frequented the house of Nikephoros Gregoras; he speaks of him with great respect, and is our sole source for the information that, after Gregoras’s death, the Palamites dragged his dead body through the streets.
_	This gave the young people a chance to speak truth to power, ask hard questions of community leaders, and utilize the information that they learned through Freedom School.
_	Genevieve Atkinson made a deal with Holloway, who worked for her holding company, FMN, for the information that she sought, eventually helping her acquire Beauty of Nature.
_	After the murder on Edith Post, the police received an anonymous call with the information that Edith had bitten her murderer, and a bouncer of nightclub "De Nachtegaal" (The Nightingale) had a severe bite wound in his little finger.
_	It should be noted that Shomon is not formally trained in any aspect of health care, and the information that she presents on thyroid conditions are her opinion only.
_	On 27 August 2008, Amon Amarth released the information that they had recently finished work on a video clip for the title track of the album.
_	Kazhuthumuttam, in a state of intoxication, calls up Gopu (Sreenath), a journalist and spits out the information that 'Chief Minister KGR will be assassinated shortly', but without committing his identity.
_	The Mumbai Police said much of the information that Kasab provided proved to be accurate.
_	The executives simply did not understand the information that was being presented to them, and interpreted professional concerns raised by Queensland Health team members as “personality conflicts”.
_	On 6 May 1919, they received the information that the Afghan Army had attacked the outpost at Landi Khanna, north of the Khyber Pass, and was advancing into India.
_	Her mother is dead and as such, Rosie cannot ask her for the answer and can only go on the information that her father was an attendee at the party.
_	Intuitively, mutual information measures the information that "X" and "Y" share:
_	This biography is the basis of most of the information that we have about van Hoogstraten today.
_	Stevenson was known as an "armchair archaeologist" or anthropologist; she never carried out her own fieldwork, but analyzed the information that others had collected.
_	The friends are recapitulating the information that have by now.
_	The nut graf, which often will start in the third or fourth paragraph, will explain what the story is about, including much but rarely all of the information that would have been contained in a lead, so as to keep the reader interested.
_	According to "USA Today", "Google has generated customized websites for virtually every town and city in the U.S. to enable local businesses to learn to improve the information that shows up on Google search, Google maps and Google+."
_	To this may be added the information that the original seven companies were a consolidation of 1st (McNairy's) Battalion and 7th (Bennett's) Battalion (q.v.) In May, 1864, Brigadier General A. Buford assigned three more companies to complete the regiment, and finally on February 15, 1865, the War Department directed: "The organization of Barteau's Tennessee Cavalry Regiment made by the addition of the companies commanded by Captain O. B. Fans, S. H. Reeves and B. Edwards by order of Brigadier General A. Buford is hereby confirmed to date from the 10th day of May, 1864.
_	Some companies use the information that a citizen journalist relays when they themselves can not access certain situations, for example, in countries where freedom of the press is limited.
_	temple of Demeter, which its significance consists in the information that provides on
_	The interior is relatively close to the TT's with leather upholstery from Italian fashion brand Poltrona Frau and features a high-tech TFT display in front of the driver populated with the information that would normally be projected onto a central, dash-mounted screen—i.e. navigation, entertainment.
_	Although there are certain discrepancies in the information that the writers passed, all readings accept the fact that Heraclius had a significant role in the design of the plates.
_	To reinforce the evocation, Chaplin was determined to have Al Jolson sing the song—so determined that he only accepted the information that Jolson had died on 23 October 1950 when shown a photograph of Jolson's tombstone.
_	Of course the best HRTF data for any individuals will be the information that would be collect from their own pinna, not something that content creators for mobile applications are currently taking part in.
_	Analyzed data gives meaning to the information that have been collected.
_	If the CPU, for example, wants to send information out on COM1, it writes to I/O port 0x3F8, as this I/O port is "connected" to the UART IC register which holds the information that is to be sent out.
_	The five million reward that was on his head will be delivered to the person that gave the information that led to his arrest, said Bogotá.
_	In the letter, Ellis writes that he "did not share with [Governor Bush] any of the information that was appearing on our screens" during two afternoon phone calls.
_	"Paṭṭiṉappālai", "Poruṇarāṟṟuppaṭai" and a number of individual poems in the "Akanaṉūṟu" and "Purananuru" have been the main source for the information that is attributed to Karikala.
_	The example must be clear and concise and must be more prominent than the information that triggered the inclusion of the example.
_	This inhibition can be divided into two types: the retroactive inhibition, where information acquired at a later point in time blocks the information that was acquired earlier.
_	Maps of the Bengal coast were found on Kraft when he was initially arrested and he volunteered the information that these were the intended landing sites for German arms.
_	William Sargant in the "British Medical Journal" wrote the book was a case of special pleading and some of the information that Inglis cited was misleading.
_	At the time, and given the information that was available to council, councillors made reasonable decisions.
_	They eventually reach the President and show him the information that they acquired, proving Gassman is a corrupt DISS agent.
_	All of these are highly consistent with the information that we have about Richard III in life and about the circumstances of his death."
_	FPCC compiled a report based on the information that was gathered at these sessions, and also encouraged First Nations communities to develop their own position papers to submit to the Minister of the Department of Canadian Heritage and the National AFN.
_	Equally incompatible is the information that in late 1931 and early 1932 Bilbao brokered a failed dynastical agreement with the deposed Alfonso XIII.
_	In another Spanish report dated 1579, this chief is referred to as “Asulutan” (Arabic, As-sulutan) with the information that he was a father of Diman Sankay and that he had already died.
_	On August 20, the track listing and cover art were released to AbsolutePunk.net, in addition to the information that the first single is the title track, and that it in fact had already been released to some Christian radio stations.
_	According to "Explaining Behavior", a belief that s is F is a brain state that has been recruited (through operant conditioning) to be part of movement-causing processes because of the fact that it did, when recruited, carry the information that s is F. Being recruited because of carrying information gives a thing (such as a brain state) the function of carrying that information, on Dretske’s view, and having the function of carrying information makes that thing a representation.
_	Seeing the Sierra Club briefings, Secretary of Interior Stewart Udall became puzzled as to why the AEC did not go through him on the project and asked to be sent all the information that the Sierra Club was receiving.
_	Legere was recaptured on November 24, 1989 following a failed carjacking that began in Saint John and ended outside Rogersville; rewards of $50,000 were collected for the information that led to his arrest.
_	Charlton called the press office, where Aston was ensconced (as Head of World Cup Referees), in order to confirm the information that he had read within the newspaper that Kreitlein had booked him.
_	The HouseGuests must correctly identify the information that was left out.
_	The monk volunteers the information that has returned the loan back to the wife a few days after he had borrowed it; and then promptly leaves town.
_	To cope with outdated detection methods or poorly built websites, Opera enables users to change the information that is sent to websites to identify what kind of browser is being used—known as the user-agent.
_	It is difficult to reconcile the idea of 600,000 Israelite fighting men with the information that the Israelites were afraid of the Philistines and Egyptians.
_	This piece of information should contain the information that is relevant for managing the system at the customer site.
_	She sold roughly 500,000 shares of Enron ten minutes to thirty minutes before the information that Enron was collapsing went public on November 28, 2001.
_	Also comes from them the information that their definitive name will be Toro.
_	Once the individual has become so extremely weakened in these multiple facets, the government’s hope was that he or she would be unable to uphold any prior familial or political loyalties and instead confess the information that he or she was trying to protect.
_	A reward was placed on Victor Popescu's head, amounting to 5,000 to 30,000 lei, depending on the value of the information that will lead to its capture.
_	Graeme tries to determine a common link between the series of recent disappearances, even writing up all the information that he has about the missing persons on the blackboard.
_	The law says that “a person is capable with respect to a treatment, admission to a care facility or a personal assistance service if the person is able to "understand" the information that is relevant to making a decision about the treatment, admission or personal assistance service, as the case may be, and able to "appreciate" the reasonably foreseeable consequences of a decision or lack of decision.”(section 4)
_	Much of the information that was collected by these colonial anthropologists has been lost, but researchers found originals or copies of the original research in libraries around the world.
_	The official head of the government is the Emperor, but in practice everyday affairs of state are handled by the Chancellor, who executes the Emperor's decrees, oversees the bureaucracy and controls the information that reaches the emperor's ears.
_	She give Theseus the information that he needs to defeat the Minotaur.
_	Manual indexing may make use of "input designs" to limit the information that can be entered; for example, entry masks may use program logic to restrict inputs based on other information known about the document.
_	All the information that are stated in the Lebanese passport are included in the Lebanese Identity Card and are given in Arabic, French, and English.
_	It is among the first non-religious Romanian literary texts; due to its size and the information that it contains it is, probably, the most important Romanian document from the 17th century.
_	While Sejanus's Praetorians controlled the imperial post, and therefore the information that Tiberius received from Rome and the information Rome received from Tiberius, the presence of Livia seems to have checked his overt power for a time.
_	The judges said of the information that it was "not only necessary but essential for his defence".
_	Ultimately, the team translated the information that they had compiled in their research by stylizing it in order to fit with the film's story.
_	Jason knows too much for his position to be secure, and the information that Bone retrieved for him is his insurance.
_	In 1983, the Hans Hass-"DecoBrain", designed by "Divetronic AG" a Swiss start-up, became the first decompression diving computer, capable of displaying the information that today's diving computers do.
_	More reliable is the information that she later spent the summers for 30 years on the Klovaharun Island, ca. 3 km south-west of Glosholm.
_	The explicature of a sentence is what is explicitly said, as opposed to the implicature, the information that the speaker conveys implicitly.
_	Applicants must submit a written request for the information that they wish to access.
_	Dadnab relies on transit authority databases for the information that it provides.
_	He created a website and Facebook page, both called "The Thinking Atheist", to connect with other non-believers online and "share some of the information that I had found helpful in the hope of making the journey out of superstition easier for others".
_	An Israeli government spokesman said he was not surprised by Hamas' attempt to "hide the truth and manipulate the information that is allowed to get out of Gaza."
_	As establishing a relationship and securely sharing an encryption key to secure the information that will be exchanged, a set of roles, policies, and procedures to accomplish this has been developed; it is known as the public key infrastructure, or PKI.
_	On the facts of the case, however, Lord Hope concluded that the information that was disclosed was relevant for the purpose for which the ECRC was required.
_	Historian Igor de Rachewiltz argued that Marco Polo's account in fact allows the Persian and Chinese sources to be reconciled – by relaying the information that two of the three envoys sent (mentioned in the Chinese source and whose names accord with those given by Polo) had died during the voyage, it explains why only the third who survived, Coja/Khoja, was mentioned by Rashìd al-Dìn.
_	The Chinese Government has been accused of actively limiting and editing the information that flows into the country via various media.
_	Ahern has taken a High Court action to prevent the tribunal from questioning him on the information that he released in the Dáil in 2006.
_	Tacitus also supplies the information that the town was Adrumetum, today's Sousse in Tunisia, far from Alexandria.
_	However, amongst the information that is not presented, we can include data found on a project research in 2015 regarding one of the two lakes that can be found in the park.
_	In California, DCPA products are required to be labeled with the information that products with DCPA also contain trace amounts of Hexachlorobenzene (HCB) which is a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer or birth defects.
_	The program remains classified, and the information that exists is speculative.
_	In his book "Mind Children", roboticist Hans Moravec proposed that a future supercomputer might be able to resurrect long-dead minds from the information that still survived.
_	Charles Lamb, an Irish double agent, is said to have passed on the majority of the information that compromised the "Annie Larsen" and ultimately helped the construction of the prosecution.
_	As part of Performando, meeting of performances held in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria running performance "Paper Memories" by building a wall through fragments of the press in order to question the information that we relegate the media.
_	The contents of the documents produced by Hubbell provided the Independent Counsel with the information that led to the second prosecution.
_	A few days after a Prussian official in Soldau forwarded the information that on 18 August 1708 the plague had reached the village of Piekielko on the Polish side of the border, the epidemic had crossed into the village of Bialutten on the Prussian side, killing most of its inhabitants within a month.
_	LCP echos cannot provide the information that LQR could provide.
_	These included the information that: ‘There is one garage owned by Mr Dixon who has lived in the village all his life.
_	Once he became convinced that Xiang had given his torturers all the information that they requested, Chiang Kai-shek ordered Xiang to be executed.
_	Will into giving up the rights to his unborn daughter with the information that Will shot EJ in 2007.
_	One of the original prosecutors, Glenn Stevens, left the case and stated that other prosecutors had withheld evidence from the defense, including the information that Johnson's son did not actually identify Ray Buckey in a series of photographs.
_	They attempt to blackmail Marius with the information that Valjean is a murderer, offering the stolen ring as evidence.
_	He found the battalion commander about west of the town, but was dissatisfied with the information that he received from him.
_	He put slips of paper in some of the sacks of potatoes his family harvested, with the information that the potatoes were sold for five cents per hundred pound sack, and requested that the recipient tell him the price they paid via his address.
_	In the Brukner–Zeilinger interpretation, a quantum state represents the information that a hypothetical observer in possession of all possible data would have.
_	The report found out that Bulgarian institutions do not comply with the new requirements of the Access to Public Information Act when it establishes that they are obliged to publish the information that they have provided to citizens more than three times on the grouds of freedom of information applications.
_	But getting the information that is really needed from a marketing information system depends on what the information is and how it is used.
_	This perspective discusses whether the financial paper should provide the information that reflects the true income or that supports decision making which is not necessarily objective or factually true.
_	Soon after ASCAP and BMI announced their database, RIAA and NMPA came forward with the information that they have also been working on the database between their two organizations.
_	He also studied maps, and with the information that he collected, he wrote the book, which he finished around 1225.
_	When discussing the information that is contained in physical systems according to modern quantum physics, we must distinguish between classical information and quantum information.
_	Sundowners are also expected to complete an exit exam with questions pulled from the information that they learned in class from at least four drill weekends prior (the classes cycle in order and repeat every four weeks).
_	Leaders control the information that flows down the channels of communication, censoring what they do not want the rank-and-file to know.
_	In 2009, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission had recommended the U.S. Congress develop legislation enabling consumers to see the information that data brokers hold about them, a recommendation it renewed in subsequent reports in 2012 and 2014.
_	The next day "Netley" encountered and Captain Sir Henry Neale passed on to Bond the information that three convoys had become dispersed along the Portuguese coast and that the vessels had been unable to get into Douro for the previous 20 days.
_	The chess historian H. J. R. Murray summarised the information that he "gleaned" from various sources:
_	It presented all the information that a person "is into" in a "one- stop app" through "streams," or what CNET described as “content playlists.”
_	Overall, the information that he gathered was mostly unbiased and very extensive.
_	Filtrations are used to model the information that is available at a given point and therefore play an important role in the formalization of random processes.
_	The OPP report also contained the information that it was determined that Zehaf-Bibeau shot Corporal Cirillo three times in the back at the War Memorial, not twice as was previously reported.
_	The 1851 census was the first to record each person's marital status and relationship to the head of the household, as well as details of disability being recorded — with a field for recording the information that an individual was "blind, deaf or imbecile".
_	He will then send to the Holy See a list (known as a "terna") of the (usually) three candidates that seem to be the most appropriate for consideration, together with all the information that has been gathered on them and accompanying the information with the conclusions that he himself draws from the evidence.
_	Beginning of 2016, media published the information that Genk has expressed interest in him.
_	Howe the information that the French fleet was only a short distance ahead, but that it had been joined by an additional ship from Nielly's squadron as well as several frigates.
_	Thomas Bates confessed on 4 December, providing much of the information that Salisbury needed to link the Catholic clergy to the plot.
_	According to the Columbus Dispatch Pfeuffer then decided to research the information that was available to the public, including cases that dated back to the 18th century, and the thousands of pages of transcripts the DoD released on March 3, 2006.
_	The MSP comprises the Malacca Strait Sea Patrol (MSSP), the Eyes in the Sky (EiS) and the Intelligence Exchange Group (IEG) and the information that is being gathered on pirate attacks in Indonesia is being facilitated and shared between the countries.
_	The hallmark of the publication was the information that would lead to its success:
_	When the lease expires, the remains are disinterred and a specialist bundles the bones, inscribes the forehead of the skull with the information that was on the headstone, and places the remains in a special crypt.
_	Additionally, medical directors will frequently rely on information provided by EMDs for the purpose of medical quality assurance for paramedics; in particular analyzing conversations between paramedics and dispatchers or physicians, analyzing the paramedic's actions and judgments in the light of the information that they were provided with.
_	A deed dated 1480 gives the information that the dedication of the Chapel was to Our Lady of the Moor.
_	In light of all of the information that came out over the previous 12–13 years, many states began invoking their Tenth Amendment rights to propose and enact Fourth Amendment Protection Acts in order to stop NSA collection within those states, or to disallow any unconstitutionally collected data to be utilized in state courts.
_	This correlated with the information that the North Carolina Geological and Economic Survey had about the Dan River Field, and thus it has remained an unimportant coalfield to this day.
_	After leaving Narn, G'Kar goes to thank Molari as he knows Molari is the only one with access to the information that could have cleared Du'Rog's name.
_	All the information that the body uses to help respiration happens in the pneumotaxic center.
_	Some researchers, based on the information that the Duke died in exile, believes that Władysław III Spindleshanks was buried in Silesia, perhaps in Racibórz.
_	Strapped for cash, she sells the information that Matt Murdock is Daredevil for a shot of heroin.
_	Terms and Conditions May Apply is a documentary that addresses how corporations and the government utilize the information that users provide when agreeing to browse a website, install an application, or purchase goods online.
_	I do not find the information that the activity is producing is really suggesting that we try to pin down authorship, and for me it has become increasingly clear that the material was shared consciousness, which is after all what all art is in some way about.
_	The section contains the information that may have been exchanged between Karen and Leopold should she have actually kept her promise to her son and arrived as scheduled that day in Paris.
_	It is also common for restrictions to be in place in countries that are run by oppressive governments regimes as a way to both expose subversive agents within their country and maximize the control of the information that makes it past their borders.
_	No neighbors corroborated the information that a woman had been dragged screaming into the vacant house.
_	Heisserer explained that in writing the script, it was necessary for him to research all the information that was revealed about the Norwegian camp from the first film, down to the smallest details, so that it could be incorporated into the prequel in order to create a consistent backstory.
_	In May 1963, the cabinet secretary of the Swedish foreign office, Leif Belfrage, received a confidential, personal letter from the USA ambassador, J. Graham Parsons, with the information that Gunnel Gummeson was likely being kept in captivity as the daughter-in-law of a wealthy clan chief in Qaisar, Kala Khan; she was also to have given birth to a son.
_	Still, from the information that is currently available, Os Paralamas do Sucesso and Engenheiros do Hawaii are tied as the most nominated acts for this category, each with ten nominations throughout the award's history (1990 to 2003).
_	The third source is a letter (mistakenly included in the works of Cyprian) to a certain "Bishop Vigilius" (not Vigilius of Thapsus) describing a translation from Greek to Latin by an otherwise unknown Celsus, (given the sobriquet Celsus Africanus by scholars), which also describes the Dialogue, including the information that Jason himself was a convert from Judaism, and the ending - that Papiscus is convinced and asks for baptism.
_	The Personal InfoCloud is the information that a user collects, organizes, and carries with them, a bit like your personal slice of the web.
_	Currently the information that is collected is 'static data' – it shows the percentage of citizens below a certain level of income.
_	In Microsoft Windows system administration, a Uniqueness Database File (UDF) is a text file that enables the administrator to supply the information that must be unique to each computer or each user.
_	Hoffa was implicated by one of his close associates, Louisiana teamster Edward Grady Partin, who went to the FBI with the information that led to Hoffa's conviction.
_	Much information about North Korea is filtered through South Korea, and the longstanding conflict between the two countries distorts the information that is received.
_	Shortly before his death, Rickard claimed to have provided the information that led to the arrest of Nelson Mandela in 1962 while he was working as a vice-consul in Durban, South Africa.
_	He stated "I'm sure you are aware of the information that's floating around the internet, and I'd like to give you the opportunity to respond to your connection, the Girl Scout connection, with Planned Parenthood and the activist role in that — is there a connection?
_	RoomSync enables users to upload personal information to their RoomSync profile using the information that is already on a users Facebook profile plus a questionnaire that lets users share lifestyle habits such as cleanliness levels, studying habits, sleep cycles, and more.
_	This links it to the sleuth hound, and from Caius also comes the information that the English Bloodhound and the sleuth hound were essentially the same, though the Bloodhound was slightly bigger, with more variation in coat colour.
_	Simon's promotion party is interrupted by Danny, who says Simon fabricated the information that ruined his career.
_	Meanwhile, another occultist, Louis Wilkinson, corroborated Gardner's claims by revealing in an interview with the writer Francis X. King that he too had encountered the coven and expanded on some of the information that Gardner had provided about them.
_	Their transcript of the incident omitted Hart's use of the word "nigger," as well as the information that the original call had been for a medical emergency.
_	In order to supply the information that the mother of a dog is a dog in turn, another declaration "mother": "dog" → "dog" may be issued; this is called "function overloading", similar to overloading in programming languages.
_	In 2007, Alyson Avenue had slowed down a bit, so when Nightwish went public with the information that they looked for a new lead vocalist, Olzon decided to make a go of it.
_	There he said, "They are my heroes," and urged that they receive weapons, training, and ground-air support, although not necessarily all from the U.S. Following the successful May 2011 U.S. mission to kill Osama bin Laden, McCain congratulated Obama and the U.S. forces involved and said that “advanced interrogation” methods had not measurably helped produce the information that led knowledge of to the terrorist leader's whereabouts.
_	The following day members of the Privy Council visited the King at the Palace of Whitehall and informed him that, based on the information that Salisbury had given them a week earlier, on Monday the Lord Chamberlain Thomas Howard, 1st Earl of Suffolk would undertake a search of the Houses of Parliament, "both above and below".
_	Covert orienting has the potential to affect the output of perceptual processes by governing attention to particular items or locations (for example, the activity of a V4 neuron whose receptive field lies on an attended stimuli will be enhanced by covert attention) but does not influence the information that is processed by the senses.
_	A small canister was attached to the pigeon's leg, which contained the information that was being sent.
_	In July 1991, he added the information that the other accused Libyan, Lamin Khalifah Fhimah, was the custodian of these explosives.
_	The spontaneous confabulations viewed in WKS are thought to be produced by an impairment in source memory, where they are unable to remember the spatial and contextual information for an event, and thus may use irrelevant or old memory traces to fill in for the information that they cannot access.
_	The figure represents the information that links the operational view, systems and services view, and technical standards view.
_	The Israeli connection was of interest to Angleton, for the information that could be obtained about the Soviet Union and aligned countries, from émigrés to Israel from those countries and for the utility of the Israeli foreign intelligence units, for proxy operations in third countries.
_	After Heckyl escapes, Snide reminds Poisandra and Curio about the information that he told him.
_	The affect as information hypothesis emphasises significance of the information that affect communicates, rather than the affective feelings themselves.
_	Among other things, the note in connection with the headline conveys the information that Florencourt in the full version of the book review calls the book "traitorous" and "perfidious".
_	Memory strategies are ways in which individuals can organize the information that they are processing in order to enhance recall in the future.
_	When Te Atarahi revived, he mentioned being offered food by the inhabitants of Te Reinga, and also offered the information that ngaro was one of their delicacies.
_	For instance, La Escalera was seen as fault on an enslaved woman: “As December 1843 drew to a close, an enslaved woman in the Sabanilla district named Polonia Gangá shocked her master with the information that his prized sugar property was about to be engulfed in open rebellion…
_	It can also be used as a disclaimer of the information that the hashtag accompanies, as in, "BREAKING: US GDP growth is back!
_	Shakman also spoke about the direction for the scene between Samwell Tarly and Gilly at the Citadel, noting that despite the importance of the information that Gilly was revealing regarding Rhaegar Targaryen, his intent was to focus primarily on John Bradley as Sam, saying "I knew the information was huge, and there's no need to underline it at all.
_	It seems that he has indicated that he is willing to go into exile if he can take a billion dollars with him and all the information that he wants on weapons of mass destruction.
_	By listening to and responding to these language patterns the practitioner seeks to help the client to recover the information that is under the surface of the words.
_	This is about all the information that can be gathered from him in his early life, as most of the events during this time were not written down nor talked about much in his later years.
_	The type of survey required depends on the information that is needed to resolve archaeological questions, but most sites will need at least some form of topographical survey and a site plan showing the locations of artifacts and other archaeological material, where samples were taken and where different types of archaeological investigation were carried out.
_	Our lives are governed by the knowledge about the world that we have and use the information that is relevant to our lives.
_	In 1864 Levitsky in turn sold out to Augustin Aimé Joseph Le Jeune whose cards carried the Levitsky name and the information that he was the new owner/successor i.e. 'Lejeune succr' until at least 1867 and Lejeune reused negatives made by Levitsky as well as making his own images.
_	The passholders' response to Light Magic was negative, with long lines extending from City Hall on Main Street demanding refunds, as passholders had paid $25 each to attend the special event under the impression, based on all of the information that had been distributed, that they would be the first to see the official premiere, not a dress rehearsal.
_	It takes some time for the information that the supply exceeds significantly the demand to get to the businessmen.
_	Yablokov accused the Russian government of misleading the public on the situation, pointing to the inconsistencies in denials by the FSB, MINATOM, and the information that was publicly available on the Internet (“…if I’m looking at a [picture] of an American weapon, I must be sure that we have an analogy…″).
_	Mayor Ejercito denied the information that came from Malacañang.
_	The trial court's view of this case was colored by the content of the information that DeCSS is designed to circumvent the encryption of DVDs.
_	In 1917 P & O shareholders were asked to confirm their directors' prior purchase of Union Steam Ship with the information that USSCo had a valuable coasting trade within New Zealand, connections with India and Australia and a line of steamers running between Australia, New Zealand and Canada.
_	The idea behind Hubs and Authorities stemmed from a particular insight into the creation of web pages when the Internet was originally forming; that is, certain web pages, known as hubs, served as large directories that were not actually authoritative in the information that they held, but were used as compilations of a broad catalog of information that led users direct to other authoritative pages.
_	This is the information that Bateson reproduces.
_	On 15 August 1844 he was attached to the expedition commanded by the Prince de Joinville, which took Mogador using the information that had been collected by Bouët.
_	Morillon gives the information that Jonghelinck’s neighbouring “tourneur”, doubtless a master furniture maker, turned many small wooden bowls that ladies wore hanging from their ears (now original specimens are unknown).
_	The passage in Jeremiah is actually one of joy ending with the information that God had saved the Israelites and the children would be unharmed.
_	Much of the information that is known about the family during this period comes from Ellen Sharples' diaries and letters, and in 1803, Ellen wrote about her daughter:
_	The output from the balanced modulator is a double sideband suppressed carrier signal and it contains all the information that the AM signal has, but without the carrier.
_	Later, when "Apollo" visited Sulu, Captain Porter received Pavin's hat and the jolly boat, and the information that Pavin and his men had been hacked to death.
_	Thirumalai Nayak ate his breakfast only after the pujas were performed at Srivilliputhur Andal Temple To get the information that the pujas were completed, the king built mandaps about every five kilometres on the route from Madurai to Srivilliputhur and installed loud bells in them.
_	If the information that is being reported is classified, then the recipient should have a need-to-know and the recipient must hold a security clearance.
_	The simplest way is to exploit prior knowledge, for example the information that lines in the scene are parallel or that a point is the one thirds between two others.
_	More general is a lens language, in which there is a distinguished forward direction ("get") that takes a concrete input to an abstract output, discarding some information in the process: the concrete state includes all the information that is in the abstract state, and usually some more.
_	Nottingham City Council emailed a Vote Leave supporter to say that the council was unable to check whether the nationality that people stated on their voting registration form was true, and hence that they simply had to assume that the information that was submitted was, indeed, correct.
_	When the headline is shown, it does not show the information that the woman gave out, but that 200 servicemen died in a train explosion.
_	After gathering all the information that he could, Tinio went back to the hills each day to instruct his men on what to do that night.
_	Generally speaking, uncertainty comes in several flavors, and so the information that serves to reduce uncertainty can be applied in several different ways.
_	On the other hand, the infimum formula_10 is the element that contains all the information that is shared by "all" elements of formula_8, and "no less".
_	The Department of Education has a standard formula that it uses to evaluate the information that each person supplies when applying for the Pell Grant.
_	Due to the technical subject matter, API writers must understand application source code enough to extract the information that API documents require.
_	After publication he contacted the editorial staff and received the information that led to the purchase of his first computer in December 1982.
_	The delegation presented their finding to Eliashiv, who was very happy about the information that the Moroccan wilderness still presents the unbroken lineage, of a non-grafted etrog.
_	Without a computational approach to the structure of linguistic data, much of the information that is available now would still be hidden under the vastness of data within any single language.
_	Pease made no effort to rejoin his ship, but sailed from Victoria to San Francisco and then Panama, seeming to confirm the information that Consul Francis had received.
_	Captain Francisco de Souza ("Feitor" or governor of the king), from the captaincy of the island of Madeira, and natural of the same island, reported in 1570, that about 45 or 50 years before, from Viana, under the command of João Alvares Fagundes, "some noblemen joined with the information that they had the New Land of the Codfish, they were determined to go settle some part of it.", and with such purpose, they obtained license of the King Manuel, and led several families and couples, mostly from the Azores (especially from the island of Terceira, who were gathered en route).
_	Arbitrary and capricious review allows agency decisions to stand as long as an agency can give a reasonable explanation for its decision based on the information that it had at the time.
_	Similar to Asch's theory, the accessibility principle suggests that "mental construals are based on the information that is most accessible at the time applies to how we make sense of new information as well as to how we form judgments based on information retrieved from memory."
_	Cowan's vision for VOA was that it should move from monologue to dialogue with the world, and that "it should provide the people of the world with the information that they need in the languages they speak, and delivered over transmission services that they can receive."
_	However, another of SGI's executive is unhappy that Ritesh is being made the CEO, and he gives Marwah the information that SGI's product contains pesticides.
_	Upon telling Bruce that he has gained his dojo's respect and proven himself worthy, Kirigi states that he will be given the information that he seeks.
_	You can now start getting from just one publication the information that you've been having to dig out of three or four or five (or six...).
_	This post was acknowledged by a current Child's Play staff member during the live stream of Desert Bus For Hope 2017, but only provided the information that they have a blog post planned for when they aren't busy.
_	This new policy will change the following for its users: (1) the privacy policy will become shorter and easier to comprehend and (2) the information that users provide will be used in more ways than it is presently being used.
_	In 1993, he co-founded Check Point Software Technologies along with Gil Shwed and Marius Nacht; the company introduced the first firewall to the commercial market and went on to become “a world leader in protecting the information that flows round the Internet, and a flagship of Israel's high-tech industry".
_	As with many other HTTP request headers, the information in the "User-Agent" string contributes to the information that the client sends to the server, since the string can vary considerably from user to user.
_	The person may want to keep something confidential and have access to the information that has been collected.
_	"Hervarar saga" provides the information that Halfdan's mother was Hild, the daughter of the Gothic king Heiðrekr Ulfhamr, the son of Angantyr who defeated the Huns.
_	Itassis was able to pry the information that Hekatoid was sent by Serpentina to give her an advantage in the next battle.
_	The third explanation is given by Winterbotham, who recounts that two weeks after V-E Day, on 25 May 1945, Churchill requested former recipients of Ultra intelligence not to divulge the source or the information that they had received from it, in order that there be neither damage to the future operations of the Secret Service nor any cause for the Axis to blame Ultra for their defeat.
_	Jason in a small white-walled room with no ventilation and a single light bulb dangling from the ceiling, and he twists the information that Jason gives him into a distorted story that makes Jason look guilty of Alicia's murder.
_	In 1928, Ralph Hartley observed a fundamental storage principle, which was further formalized by Claude Shannon in 1945: the information that can be stored in a system is proportional to the logarithm of "N" possible states of that system, denoted .
_	Corporate reporting no longer reflects the needs of the 21st century, resilient capitalism needs financial stability and sustainability in its exchange with nature in order to succeed – and Integrated Reporting is intended to underpin both of these problems through communicating to providers of financial capital the information that they need.
_	The father is her ex-boyfriend who had previously given Jordan the information that Danny had failed his drug test, which led to his and Matt's being signed to Studio 60.
_	In a poorly designed animation, the information that learners notice most readily in the animation may not be the information that is of greatest importance.
_	In an article publishing in AIIM, he said that the key difference between the two is whether or not the information that is captured from scanning needs to be sent to the centralized server.
_	One of al-Ansārī students was al-Sha’rānī, who was responsible for much of the information that survives in regards to the life of al-Ansārī.
_	Metadata is the information that identifies and describes the contents of a medium.
_	Proponents of the hypothesis state that 'God' and 'Satan' were aliens that disagreed on whether or not human beings should be allowed the information that is offered by the tree of knowledge.
_	When Isabel came to her house to pass the information that Mr. Lockton had been arrested and that Madam is in need of his aunt, she tells Isabel to come in the house and even serves her milk and cookies to nourish herself; something nobody at the time would do to slaves.
_	Additionally, Mobi-Mechanic offers assistance in preparation for journeys by giving advice based on the information that users provide.
_	In order for those who develop new telemedicine services to produce the information that healthcare managers need for making decisions on investment in telemedicine, a model for assessment of telemedicine (MAST) was developed.
_	APA-I members have gathered editorial records and conducted interviews with comic book professionals, to add to the information that could be gleaned from the books themselves.
_	The LDPA then returned the information that the landing was feasible with 100 metres of runway remaining.
_	The optimal information has to maximize the value of the information that is gained per unit cost (like time or effort).
_	The War Crimes Commission, formed immediately after the Second World War, after the investigation, gave the information that 80,000 people were killed at the shooting range Jajinci.
_	Aramayo collected together with his teacher, the information that Celibidache transmitted in those courses, giving some coherence to the ideas that their self have a limitation to be explained without using a math model, and due the changes during years of transmission.
_	The GJXDD breaks down the information that is exchanged between agencies into individual data components and gives them unique names and definitions.
_	As an effect of this assignment to codice_3, the value of x would be changed as well, so propagating the information that codice_1 is 5 to the statements following codice_2 would be potentially wrong (if codice_3 is indeed an alias of codice_1).
_	It is the information that is sticky, not the prices.
_	Digital imaging can be classified by the type of electromagnetic radiation or other waves whose variable attenuation, as they pass through or reflect off objects, conveys the information that constitutes the image.
_	Mass media play a significant role in shaping public perceptions on a variety of important issues, both through the information that is dispensed through them, and through the interpretations they place upon this information.
_	In 1953, based on X-ray diffraction images and the information that the bases were paired, James D. Watson along with Francis Crick co-discovered what is now widely accepted as the first accurate double-helix model of DNA structure.
_	Two U.S. counter-terrorism officials told Newsweek that they believe the information that Powell cited about al-Iraqi came exclusively from al-Libi.<ref name="9991919/site/newsweek/">
_	The Court emphasized the benefits of the information that flows to consumers through advertising, positing that lawyer advertising would make legal services more accessible to the general public and improve the overall administration of justice.
_	Lesbian author and historian Joan Nestle called the books "survival literature", explaining: "In whatever towns or cities these books were read, they were spreading the information that meant a new hope for trapped and isolated women".
_	The change in presentation of data may alter the information that individuals take from it, which can pose a threat if misunderstood.
_	The similarity between the information that is being represented and the actual content on a sign.
_	Meanwhile, his spy brings the information that his people are conspiring against the king.
_	The examiners were able to interfere due to Crimpton blackmailing Ellen with the information that Andy has spent three years in a hospital for the criminally insane for arsoning.
_	To illustrate suppose that the coin flipping example also states as part of the information that the coin has a side (S) (i.e. it is a "real coin").
_	The Cleveland FBI Special Agent in Charge C. Frank Figliuzzi and the U.S. attorney's general office credited the local Muslim and Arab-American community for passing along the information that lead to the arrest of the three terror suspects.
_	A large portion of the information that has been recovered is about the veterans that had spent the remaining days of their lives at the Asylum.
_	In situations where the child feels different, she or he may decide to manage the information that others know about him or her.
_	The new facts of value to the story of Marek Kubliński are not new recollections of Majewski (who as already mentioned lacks privileged first-hand information of the case) but the information that Majewski was able to unearth during research for his 2010 book in the archives of the Cracow branch of the Instytut Pamięci Narodowej.
_	The first practical implementation of EPPML relies on an XML schema to define the structure of the information that describes each postal product.
_	It was being presented in a way that encouraged students to take the information that was taught to them as absolute truth.
_	All the information that López García accessed on contemporary art was derived from library books at the school; he gradually became aware of Picasso and other great artists of the period.
_	Ridpath stated that while the information that the Dogon probably gained from Europeans to some extent resembles the facts about Sirius, the presumed original Dogon knowledge on the star is very far from the facts.
_	Ridpath concluded that the information that resembles the facts about Sirius was probably ascertained by way of cultural contamination.
_	But most of the people that have weighed in on this know probably 10 percent of the information that we know, and that we've made our opinion based upon."
_	In information theory, one bit is typically defined as the information entropy of a binary random variable that is 0 or 1 with equal probability, or the information that is gained when the value of such a variable becomes known.
_	As a result of all the information that it received, the Court re-classified Wiemann as a "Follower" rather than as an "Offender".
_	Since the ship’s log yielded the information that she had “run the blockade before” and her captain admitted that her cargo was “intended finally to reach the rebel States,” Comdr.
_	The figure represents the information that links the operational view, systems and services view, and technical standards view.
_	The historian José de Viera y Clavijo writes that Father Agustín Justiniani, in the "Anales de Génova", includes the information that two Franciscans also joined the Vivaldi expedition.
_	In June 2018 writer Tara Westgate went public with the information that Woman's Weekly had cut its payment for short stories by one third (from £150 per 2,000 word story to £100) and required all rights including moral rights (ie the right to be identified as the author of the story) in return for this payment.
_	The unilateral aspect of the defect suggests that the early stages of face processing occurs in parallel mechanisms across both hemispheres and the right hemisphere then integrates the information that results in a unitary face representation.
_	On 29 October 2016, the government held Pervez Rasheed, the minister for information, responsible for leaking the information that led to Cyril Almeida's news report.
_	Because it is derived from different principles than Owens/Wendt, the rest of the information that Fowkes theory is concerned with is related to adhesion.
_	They also use their listening and repeating skills to sort through the information that is sent to them.
_	He traced and copied the information that became the basis of the "History of New South Wales", vol.
_	Recent internal border controls according to the information that have been provided to the European Commission affecting Nordic borders.
_	Kevin Page, the Parliamentary Budget Officer during the period 2008−2013, stated that neither Parliament nor his office could obtain the information that it needed.
_	Encountering the enemy on the outskirts of Loppersum, "A" Company broke contact after a brief engagement returning with the information that between 100 and 200 Germans were holding Loppersum.
_	It takes some time for the information that supply significantly exceeds demand to get to the business people.
_	The TOC method reveals all of the information that the ROC method provides, plus additional important information that ROC does not reveal, i.e. the size of every entry in the contingency table for each threshold.
_	Every collaborator that completes the documentation of their own segment will be recorded as the author of their own contribution, in recognition of their generous work, and they will be responsible, for better or worse, for the information that appears in that part.
_	He then goes to the police with the information that Derwatt killed himself there.
_	Her captors plan to use her sensory condition to help extract the information that they so desperately want.
_	Another agreement with "Hrólfr Kraki's saga" is the information that their sister was married to a Sævil Jarl, and that they had to hide on an island fleeing their kin-slaying uncle, before they could kill him and avenge their father.
_	Even then, the list was not complete; it took the government a total of three years to produce the information that Ong requested.
_	Based on the information that can be gathered from the fragments, it appears that the sage was credited with building a temple (or temples), and installing the idols of deities.
_	Khizar Khan was on a military campaign when he received the information that Ameers Qaim Khan, Ikhtiar Khan, and all remnants belonging to the household of Sultan Mehmood Shah Tughlaq were planning to dethrone him.
_	Social media targeting is a form of targeted advertising, that uses general targeting attributes such as geotargeting, behavioral targeting, socio-psychographic targeting, but gathers the information that consumer have provided on each social media platform.
_	Prozorro system has used the Open Contracting Data Standard (OCDS) as a key instrument for data modeling, since the information that is available in open data and OCDS formats allows its easy analysis and processing.
_	The SSS held that the American authorities did not share the information that Mr. Mutallab senior had given them and the former National Security Adviser had also not contacted the agency hence their inability to act on information they did not possess.
_	CDC compiles the information that states collect to produce national estimates.
_	Roman interest in Etruscan religion centred on their methods of divination and propitiating and discovering the will of the gods, rather than the gods themselves, which may have distorted the information that has come down to us.
_	In a book of 1907, obtain the information that Pierre de San Superan and Varvassa, commanders, are mentioned for the first time in 1380, as well as that San Superan received the citizenship of Bordeaux from the Black Prince.
_	Llefelys furnished the information that the scream was caused by battling dragons.
_	This is all the information that Jesus gives about the far future in the Gospels.
_	Campese was then recalled to a training session with the Wallabies, with the information that if Matthew Burke proved his fitness, he would not play in the second Bledisloe Cup Test.
_	On June 19, he emerged from the jungle, bitten by insects, but with the information that the State Department wanted.
_	Participants may also internalize the information that they found personally insightful for future use.
_	Instead, scenarios are considered in which a set of M3-agents executing in various devices mash-up the information that these M3-agents store and retrieve in/from a particular SIB.
_	Levitsky sold his studio to Augustin Aimé Joseph Le Jeune whose cards carried the Levitsky name and the information that he was the new owner/successor i.e. 'Lejeune succ' until at least 1867.
_	De Our Matri this an Pelendres or Pelondres, giving the information that the 1353 was a fief of John de Lusignan, Prince of Antioch and a member of the royal family of Cyprus.
_	During his stay, Olav met the Bavarian scholar, Jacob Ziegler, and gave him the information that went into Ziegler's major treatise of geography, "Schondia", published in Strasbourg in 1532.
_	She finally instructs the Council to give her the information that she needs.
_	The scientists who were working on him let him escape, deciding that they have all the information that they needed for now.
_	After beating up some of the bar patrons who try to throw him out, Frank finds Renaldo and extracts the information that Terence is hanging out with his girlfriend.
_	Lee's untimely death changed the perspective of releasing the information that Bruce Lee had vacillated about.
_	Prior to the execution, Rutaganda taunts them with the information that "Chairman Han" is actually a Japanese impostor, and the real Han has already been assassinated.
_	Newspaper coverage included the information that Margaretta had worked on Rockefeller's staff before the two of them divorced their long-time spouses to marry each other.
_	The IF signal also has all the information that was present in the original RF signal.
_	When a defendant exercises the right to request additional discovery, that is, information that the prosecutor is legally compelled to provide only upon the defendant's request, the prosecutor is allowed to request reciprocal discovery, obtaining certain information from the defendant that is comparable in nature to the information that the prosecutor must provide to the defendant.
_	He’s even more surprised by the information that not only is Whitney still alive, but he’s also plotting to kidnap Briony.
_	The rivalry between criminal organizations affects the control either criminal organization has over journalists and the information that gets leaked to them, which leads to threats and even lethal violence against journalists.
_	The HIPAA protects a patient's information; the information that is protected under this act are: information doctors and nurses input into the electronic medical record, conversations between a doctor and a patient that may have been recorded, as well as billing information.
_	In retrospect we see that the title—if taken literally—from the outset provides the readers with the information that there will not be any change of scenery at all because simply an occurrence "at" that bridge is announced.
_	He claimed that most of the information that he was publishing came from "Elders", or older members, involved in the first two of these traditions, and that as such he could not vouch for its accuracy, going so far as to state that he doubted the veracity of much of it.
_	The Committee does not take any further action to verify the information that has been provided and the author or representatives of the State cannot take part via phone or video connection.
_	The deciphered Lorenz messages made one of the most significant contributions to British "Ultra" military intelligence and to Allied victory in Europe, due to the high-level strategic nature of the information that was gained from Lorenz decrypts.
_	If she is my daughter, I would do whatever necessary to know where she is and to get the information that would save her life.
_	Before Halfas departs, he leaves to Anna the information that he will be awaiting her arrival in Verea, and offers a chance to claim the other two magic swords.
_	ACTA and TIA jointly published a standard called TIA/EIA-IS-968 which contained the information that was formerly in the CFR.
_	It leverages the information that is available to an organization and current technology to enhance management’s ability to powerfully and intelligently identify the path to optimal profit and growth, and to direct the enterprise’s sales force.
_	It is difficult to reconcile the idea of 600,000 Israelite fighting men with the information that the Israelites were afraid of the Philistines and Egyptians.
_	Further specification of the information that can be disclosed is given by Statutory Instrument.
_	For example, the information that Liu Bang (later Emperor Gaozu of Han), in a desperate attempt to escape in a chase from Xiang Yu's men, pushed his own children off his carriage to lighten it, was not given in the emperor's biography, but in the biography of Xiang Yu.
_	In his testimony, he alleged that the information that had been released about Colin Craig on blogs like Cameron Slater's Whale Oil matched the patterns he had documented in his book "Dirty Politics", which had inspired Craig's pamphlet "Dirty Politics and Hidden Agendas".
_	Following this visit, and taking in all the information that was presented to them during that time, the BRAC commission voted unanimously, 9–0, to keep the unit intact.
_	Fairfax Media television critics Doug Anderson and Greg Hassall reviewed the program positively, reflecting that while Martin approached some guests as a fan, the conversations were generally conducted as being between colleagues, allowing the interviewees to become relaxed and sometimes quite revealing with the information that they would then become willing to share.
_	Due largely to Company Sergeant-Major Elvin Miller's heroic efforts, for which he was recommended for the Distinguished Conduct Medal, later downgraded to a Military Medal by a higher level headquarters, the Camerons were able to bring back a prisoner, and obtain the information that was crucial to the planning of the upcoming Operation Veritable.
_	Kingsley turns out to be an undercover agent, who tells the trio that the police had used the information that Teddy had disappeared to arrest Chow and Kingsley actually does not know where Teddy is.
_	Once an individual has access to connectivity, obtains infrastructure by which to connect, and can understand and use the information that ICTs and connectivity provide, that individual is capable of becoming a "digital citizen".
_	Following a few years of relative inactivity, on December 1, 2015 Glassjaw released 'New White Extremity', the first new music from the band since 2011's "Coloring Book", with the information that the song is from a forthcoming album.
_	The statement that Hermas wrote during his brother's Pius pontificate may similarly be an inference from the fact that it was in a list of popes, against the name of Pius, that the writer found the information that Hermas was that pope's brother.
_	But because the full procedure includes a dye test and full salpingoscopy/microsalpingoscopy, it produces all the information that could only otherwise be provided by a combination of HSG, plus Lap and Dye, plus Salpingoscopy and Microsalpingoscopy.
_	These data do not match the information that Equatorial Guinea had submitted to the CAF on the occasion of the 2012 African Women's Championship.
_	Both "machi" and "cho" are written the same way in Japanese, but the different pronunciations convey the information that Shirahama is now a neighborhood within Minamibōsō rather than its own municipality.
_	By using a third-party Privacy Certification Authority (PCA), the information that identifies the computer could be held by a trusted third party.
_	In the morning, reconnaissance patrols had sized up the sector, but could not confirm or deny the information that had been gathered by the intelligence.
_	In a speech to the National Cryptologic Museum Foundation, Biard describes Layton as the sixth member of the five-member team (Joseph J. Rochefort, Joe Finnegan, Alva B. Lasswell, Wesley A. Wright, Thomas Dyer) who produced the information that was vital to winning the Battle of Midway, following the Battle of the Coral Sea.
_	Unknown to Speidel though, his statement offered nothing new or startling to the interrogators, who already obtained from other co-conspirators the information that Rommel not only knew but agreed with the assassination.
_	In his testimony, he alleged that the information that had been released about Colin Craig on blogs like Cameron Slater's Whale Oil matched the patterns he had documented in his book "Dirty Politics", which had inspired Craig's pamphlet "Dirty Politics and Hidden Agendas".
_	At 14:00 on July 14, Obrenović was at Snagovo when Major Zoran Jovanović brought in a reinforcement company, along with the information that Colonel Ljubiša Beara, officer in charge of the VRS security service, had transported an abnormally large number of prisoners in buses to Zvornik.
_	They developed field “playback” experiments to study the information that listeners acquire when they hear a vocalization – particularly vervet monkey alarm calls – and showed how such experiments can be used to test hypotheses about the monkeys’ knowledge of each other’s social relationships.
_	Llwyd reports also in this section the information that in 1160 Madog ap Maredudd died.
_	E holds the information that is not assigned to any effect.
_	Doubts were expressed by police and Customs and Excise officers as to the authenticity of the information that Haase and Bennett gave, and local Liverpool MP, Peter Kilfoyle campaigned for an investigation.
_	6) Design and execute a Change Management Program by communicating as early as needed all the information that end users should have to accept the new technology and designing and executing a training plan in order to reassure a knowledge base within the organizations.
_	For example, several studies have shown that subordinates distort the information that they convey to their superiors, communicating upward in a way that minimizes negative information,” or withholds the information entirely.
_	While the scope, purpose and process are totally different, a genome assembly can be viewed as the "ultimate" form of physical map, in that it provides in a much better way all the information that a traditional physical map can offer.
_	Second-language learners are often encouraged to memorize a modifier, usually a definite article, in conjunction with each noun – for example, a learner of French may learn the word for "chair" as "la chaise" (meaning "the chair"); this carries the information that the noun is "chaise", and that it is feminine (because "la" is the feminine singular form of the definite article).
_	With the information that I (Xavier) have collected in this time, I have become a key witness in an upcoming trial involving major international drug-trafficking kingpins.
_	Furthermore, big data as a technological tool and the information that it yields are not neutral, according to Dalton and Thatcher, making it worthy of critical analysis in order to identify and address its biases.
_	From the information that has been uncovered, the victims were infected with the malware by clicking on a spear phishing link which redirected to websites that had software that Careto could exploit, such as Adobe Flash Player.
_	An image sensor or imaging sensor (also: imager) is a sensor that detects and conveys the information that constitutes an image.
_	If the isolation form were adopted as the underlying form, the information that there is a final "t" would be lost, and it would be hard then to explain the appearance of the "t" in the inflected forms.
_	After the departure of the journalist from the station position was replaced by Emi Livaniou despite the information that he was in discussions with the administration of ERT.
_	The messenger returned with the information that all was quite at Garhgaon.
_	Several experts speaking publicly at the time made similar assessments, and set low expectations for the information that could be obtained from Saddam.
_	Fourth, and most important, a high carbon price will economize on the information that is required to do all three of these tasks.
_	He came back with the information that Archibald Douglas had been born ‘Jacques Louis Mignon’, the son of a glass worker, and had been kidnapped in July 1748 by ‘a lady, a gentleman and their maid’.
_	His "The postal history of Tibet" was written after thirty years of personal research and included the information that some Tibetan stamps were printed using house paint and that soot or boot polish were sometimes used to cancel stamps.
_	Without actionable analytics the information that is being presented may not have any practical application, as the only data points represent vanity metrics that do not translate into any specific outcome.
_	Much of the information that is cited by Evans was previously classified and unavailable to researchers, but it has now been declassified and is now available publicly.
_	Bonner gives as a reason for Llull's journey to Tunis the information that its ruler was interested in Christianity—false information given to the Kings of Sicily and Aragon and relayed to Llull.
_	According to "Softalk", "What puts this game head and shoulders above other adventures is that while the player is seeking the information needed to escape from the Island, the computer is actively seeking the information that will make the player lose the game.
_	He was captured by the Gestapo but succeeded in escaping and took part in organising the Normandy landings, passing to George Patton the information that allowed the Allies to reach Paris.
_	The following quote forms part of the information that is found in the left margin of Bell's patent application, and is alleged by some to have been stolen from Gray's caveat:
_	The brothers claim that Traylor knew that the information that he provided about a scheduling conflict with the court was false and asks the disciplinary board to disbar him.
_	High school students attribute the information that forms their opinions and attitudes about race, war, economics, and patriotism to mass media much more than their friends, family, or teachers.
_	At the Institute Hans Staden, in São Paulo, is the information that Adolf von Randow had been commissioned to make a topographic survey of a colony of emigrants.
_	The cone in the −"t" region is the information that the point is 'receiving', while the cone in the +"t" section is the information that the point is 'sending'.
_	Through this idea, Ozeki asks readers to question how they know Japan as well as the authenticity of the information that readers receive from various sources.
_	This example of army brutality extracts the information that there is a town called Lungtungpen, a haunt of dacoits, 9 miles away, 'across the river'.
_	From the appeal bench, Justice Kearns found that "there had been significant non-disclosure in this case, including (a) the information that Regina Walsh had made, but not pursued, an allegation of being raped in England, and (b) the non-disclosure of Regina Walsh's very proximate and material psychiatric history" .
_	In Edwards's words, "most of the information that distinguishes populations is hidden in the correlation structure of the data."
_	Flip Learning fortunately bridges the gap between their ability to consume information and ability to talk about & apply the information that they have consumed in a coherent & intelligent way.
_	It excludes all the information that might be of interest, so she has not published her tax return.
_	He gave the FBI the information that it needed to crack the cipher, uncover the identity of his two main contacts in New York (Svirin and Fisher), and a nearly identically made Finnish 50 Markka coin.
_	While he and Rohit are having an argument, Rohit slips out the information that the child is not his.
_	They contain the information that directs the physical development and behavior of organisms.
_	All the information that it can reveal is considered public by the company, and revealed through the API with few safeguards."
_	F.X. Martin in the "Expugnatio" states that ""the first edition of the Expugnatio has no reference to the arrival of Maurice de Prendergast but the later edition include the information that Maurice de Prendergast came the following day, was a valiant soldier from Rhos in South Wales, embarked at Milford with ten men-at-arms and a large body of archers in two ships, and that he also landed at Bannow.""
_	The classic example is a password checker program that, in order to be useful, needs to disclose some secret information: whether the input password is correct or not (note that the information that an attacker learns in case the program "rejects" the password is that the attempted password is "not" the valid one).
_	It has been suggested that CerS1 is involved with the regulation of the growth of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC), based on the information that C18 ceramide levels are lower in HNSCC tissues than in normal tissue.
_	In July 1985, Vitaly Yurchenko, a KGB colonel who was Pelton's initial contact in Washington, D.C., defected to the United States and provided the information that eventually led to Pelton's arrest.
_	Again, the information that the eagle trains its chicks to gaze at the sun, throwing out of the nest any who cannot manage this, is made the occasion for an exhortation to aspire to heavenly contemplation (Fable 17).
_	Allan King Sloan, the great-great-grandson of the company's founder, provided some of the information that is on the historical marker nearby and attended the dedication ceremony on August 7, 2009.
_	Palliser and Hind’s expeditions in the research they conducted and the information that they contributed, the western prairies were divided into regions based on the geography, climate, soil and agricultural potential.
_	Self-knowledge is a term used in psychology to describe the information that an individual draws upon when finding an answer to the question ""What am I like?"".
_	He chose to have the games be played from a first person perspective as he felt it makes for "a stronger impact" and is more interesting than a third person perspective; it was also used to limit the information that is available to the player in a realistic way, as the player only knows what they experience or are told.
_	The map shows all the information that Amerigo Vespucci brought from his travels, reported in 1503 and 1505.
_	His attendant had gathered the information that he had been at Rome in connection with business concerning a "general", and the town authorities, mixing things, concluded that he was a general of the British army, hence the military funeral.
_	Ethel then sat down at the typewriter which she placed on a bridge table in the living room and proceeded to type the information that David had given to Julius."
_	Not a flamboyant character, but clearly extremely intelligent, she achieved steady promotion, surveying and analysing all the information that arrived in the department concerning Eastern Europe on behalf of her employers in both western and eastern intelligence.
_	These general activities culminate in a language that helps focus user attention on the information that needs to be discovered, analyzed, transformed, or communicated in the course of accomplishing the task for which the method was designed.
_	Thus, two of the three color channels for each sensor must be interpolated and a so-called "N-megapixel" camera that produces an N-megapixel image provides only one-third of the information that an image of the same size could get from a scanner.
_	The signal is then transported to Wernicke's area on the left hemisphere (the information that was being processed on the right hemisphere is able to cross through inter-hemispheric axons), where the already noted analysis takes part.
_	After his retirement, Gratz assembled the information that he had gathered across his 35-year affiliation with the Monongahela Railway into a book entitled "The Monongahela Railway: Its History and Operation 1903-1993".
_	This quotation will be made by the company using the information that the potential customer provides, regarding the relevant elements that may affect the price.
_	The Polish chronicles clearly stated that he died of natural causes; the information that he was murdered by the sword-bearer (Miecznik), given by the chronicles of Gottfried of Viterbo, refers to Bezprym.
_	Io with the information that she would be restored to human form and become the ancestress of the greatest of all heroes, Heracles (Hercules).
_	The key for this process is the relations between multiple views which convey the information that corresponding sets of points must contain some structure and that this structure is related to the poses and the calibration of the camera.
_	Although the Panel uses the information that they gained from these interactions, the members work collaboratively to write the final reports.
_	This is in reference to the mythological story of Io, who was transformed into a cow, and was subsequently condemned to wander the Earth until she crossed the Bosporus, where she met the Titan Prometheus, who comforted her with the information that she would be restored to human form by Zeus and become the ancestress of the greatest of all heroes, Heracles (Hercules).
_	He was given the assignment of translating into practice the information that B. F. Goodrich would receive from Karl Ziegler.
_	An approach used to get around that problem is to record the "decoded" information at the end level, such as the information that is being passed to the video and sound card of the computer.
_	Inspector General George, who was appointed by President George W. Bush, responded by saying that the audit had not been complete, and that in his view, "to ensure fairness and to ensure that we are completely accurate with the information that we convey to Congress, we will not report information until the IRS has had an opportunity to take a look at it to ensure that we're not misstating facts."
_	“This is not somebody that would have been prohibited, based on the information that they had,” she said of the Anchorage Police Department and the F.B.I.
_	I just wanted the crowd participation, wanted people to try and make their way up on-stage and have a crazy show"; however, he also noted that "AJ [Maddah] was only doing what he thought was the right thing given the information that he was given" and that the incident provided "free publicity and exposure in the news" for the band, so it "helped [them] rather than hindered [them]" in the end.
_	IDEF1 was designed to allow the description of the information that an organization deems important to manage in order to accomplish its objectives.
_	The "News" reported that in the court filing, attorney Fishman wrote, "[C]laimants, with the assistance of their lawyer, provided the information that was requested by ING in its 'Customer Information Summary,' which did not include any questions about property that had been recently transferred," and, "In fact, ING knew about and inquired about the defendant property during the 'short sale' process and either did learn or could easily have learned about the property transfer.
_	One commentator remarked:"Much of the material cited by AIPAC to back up the press release is of dubious veracity, and the information that links these terrorist groups to the Bekaa Valley region is years or even decades old...
_	It is possible that it was the information that both killed a Hothbrodd and were called Helgi that inspired the merger.
_	This is because Wernicke's area is responsible for assigning meaning to the language that is heard, so if it is damaged, the brain cannot comprehend the information that is being received.
_	On or around 21 April 1802, in replying S. R. Crommelin's letter, William Hunter (1755-1812), the Company's botanist, wrote that he had arrived at Penangm and acknowledged the generous help provided by Leith, particularly with the information that was essential to Hunter's mission there, which was, among other things, to determine the state of the Company's spice plantations on the island.
_	Information obtained was passed on to the U.S. The cable did not contain the information that was gathered.
_	The American Psychological Association states that a client must give permission to release any of the information that may come from a psychologist.
_	The reason cited was that the PennEast Pipeline Company did not submit all of the information that the application required.
_	Their first album for the label, "Hogs on the Highway", was released along with the information that White had decided to leave the band.
_	Kayton said that it was the responsibility of the patent examiner to review the records of the earlier stages of the patent prosecution, and there is a legal presumption that the examiner did that; that examination would have disclosed the information that Monsanto withheld in the Husted Affidavit.
_	Following this visit, and taking in all the information that was presented to them during that time, the BRAC commission voted unanimously, 9–0, to keep the unit intact.
_	This shows that Pereira (or his early Jesuit editors) were not in possession of the information that the Lisbon historian João de Barros had when writing the Third of his "Décadas da Ásia" (published 1563, but written much earlier), which correctly lists all fifteen provinces of the Ming China.
_	This information, together with the information in the integrated composition tree (ICT) captured about each individual component, provides the information that is needed to implement each individual component.
_	”One of the many purposes of this book is to provide the information that will allow general appreciation of the life style and habitat needs of Australia's birds.
_	In 1858 the information that Alfred Russel Wallace now had a similar theory forced an early joint publication of Darwin's theory.
_	The central database holds all the information that mediates access to the video, and is important for maintaining and configuring the video recorders, but does not contain the video itself.
_	Two pieces of concept art accompanied the announcement, along with the information that the original game's writer and executive producer would also return for the sequel.
_	According to his testimony, the information that Libby was authorized to disclose to Miller "was intended to rebut the allegations of an administration critic, former ambassador Joseph Wilson."
_	As you will see from the information that follows on the land requirements for incorporating livestock, this becomes a challenge.
_	He even uses the information that Rohit had told Kiran (only because he felt that she had a right to know about her son's life) against him.
_	Up to this point in the language design process, the primary focus has been on the information that should be displayed in a given schematic to achieve the goals of the schematic.
_	In addition to the information that its title page described, the almanac contained a tide table for the Chesapeake Bay region.
_	Their sepulcher is mentioned in the "Martyrologium Hieronymianum", which includes the information that Marcellinus was a priest and that Peter was an exorcist.
_	Much of the information that is known about Aztec architecture comes from the structures that are still standing.
_	Napoleon was, in fact, so intimidated by his minister of police that he did not dismiss the man personally, sending instead a servant with the information that – in addition to getting 35,000 yearly francs income as a senator and a piece of land worth 30,000 francs a year – he would also receive over a million francs from the reserve funds of the police.
_	An Irish double agent by the name of Charles Lamb is said to have passed on the majority of the information that compromised the "Annie Larsen" and ultimately helped the construction of the prosecution.
_	In 1511, Peter Martyr d'Anghiera published his "De orbe novo decades", with the information that he was able to get about the first explorers thanks to his friendship with Isabella I of Castile.
_	While the doctor tries to burn all the information that has Aarohi in it, Aarohi manages to get one file that can help her.
_	This is the information that the brain could ideally extract from the output of the HVS.
_	The same measure is then quantified in the presence of an image distortion channel that distorts the output of the natural source before it passes through the HVS channel, thereby measuring the information that the brain could ideally extract from the test image.
_	But then Julius Baer drew a huge amount of attention to itself by seeking and getting a second injunction imposing a measure that would suppress not only the information that Julius Baer considered embarrassing, but also the entire WikiLeaks website consisting of all manner of documents presented as evidence of all manner of crimes - both in corporations and in governments, including human rights abuses - by many alleged criminals worldwide in cases having nothing to do with Julius Baer.
_	This should help cars that feature anti-idling systems to use them more intelligently, and the information that networks receive from the cars should help them to adjust light cycling times to make them more efficient.
_	Yelena reunites with her mother, father and an untrusting brother who is determined to obtain the information that would make Yelena guilty of being an Ixian spy.
_	Smith talked Griffin-Gracy through the information that she needed to really help her community—to fix a problem rather than mask it.
_	Spence introduced Barrett to an officer from Special Branch with whom the B Company commander had been in regular contact and it was from this man that Barrett received the information that Finucane was organising the IRA's finances.
_	Carvajal, wounded by an arrow in his arm, returned with the information that the weakest spot, the least fortified and with the easiest access was the other part of an arroyo on the side of La Laguna where many boats could be seen entering the river.
_	The official head of the government is the Celestial Emperor, but in practice everyday affairs of state are handled by the Chancellor, who executes the Emperor's decrees, oversees the bureaucracy and controls the information that reaches the emperor's ears.
_	The leaked story included the information that Radeechy was a practitioner of black magic whose rituals involved the participation of naked women.
_	With only the information that location is somewhere outside Berlin, Fairburne goes to Wolff's offices within the city to find more information.
_	Based on the information that Gellius provides, modern scholars consider this Annianus to be the author of a number of verses that the grammarian Terentianus ascribes to an anonymous Faliscan poet.
_	In a filmed interview, journalist Woody McBreairty confronted Hadleigh with the information that Tom Clark, publicist and former lover of Hudson, had said of the claim: "Nonsense.
_	They yielded the information that the breads were being distributed far more widely than anyone in Agra had yet realized, and that the Indians who received them generally took them as some sort of a sign.
_	A history of St. Mary of Częstochowa parish written in 1920 contained the information that "At present this parish consists of the church with its contents worth $135,000.00; school, worth $85,000.00; rectory, which is worth $30,000.00; convent, worth $25,000.00; frame ex-church [the parish hall]... worth $3,000.00; and lots worth about $25,000.00.
_	According to what was said above, this would be an element that is the most general piece of information that extends the information of all elements of the directed set, i.e. the unique element that contains "exactly" the information that was present in the directed set, and nothing more.
_	It was complained that the Government had not made available to parents all the information that they should have had before agreeing to have their children vaccinated.
_	Ravi gets the information that Venu has been to Madras for a training, and once he is back he will be promoted to area manager.
_	Moreover, the information that is gathered from the satellite can also be sold to other countries.
_	The website went offline in 2014 and there has not been any way to subsequently access the information that was contributed.
_	It is always particularly significant if a block is the zero matrix; that carries the information that a summand maps into a sub-sum.
_	Both NUC and the German bibliography "Gesamtverzeichnis" GV give the information that Kurban Said is Elfriede Ehrenfels.
_	In these instances, there was a contract with the Commission that the information that was being used would only be shared with the personnel that was directly working on the project.
_	The Tidal Harbour Commissioners report on Irvine Harbour in 1847 contained the information that there was "a signal post upon an eminence close to the harbour upon which balls are raised to indicate the state of the tide".
_	But is that all the information that the mother expects from these messengers?
_	An inscription provides the information that it was erected in 1839 by Wm Aitken & Co., contractors.
_	The two officers had been captured in 1940 in France, and had finally volunteered the information that the Enigma device had been broken by Poland several years before the war, confirming German suspicions.
_	They wanted me to know the information that they had so it would be of assistance to us and our victim.
_	Twitter account, that lead them to the information that former bandmate Jackson Rathbone and his lawyers had informed the band that the name "100 Monkeys" can no longer be used by remaining band members.
_	The goal of dissemination is simple, get the information that is relevant to the decision maker in a timely fashion while being accurate.
_	This is permitted since the project scientists decide that they have all the information that they need for now.
_	It should be noted that mortgage applications are usually completed by mortgage brokers or lenders' in-house loan officers, rather than by borrowers themselves, making it difficult for borrowers to control the information that was submitted with their applications.
_	In addition, Director of the East African's Seafarer's Assistance Programme Andrew Mwangura told South Africa's Sunday Times: “We don’t know exactly how many, but the information that I am getting is that some of them had died.
_	The value of the information that could be obtained, both passively and actively, by black Americans behind Confederate lines was clearly understood by most Union generals from early in the war.
_	Stillste Stund, being a "project" instead of a band released the information that once Alice III was produced the project had finished and had no other reason of continuing, small talk about other music being created under a new name was mentioned but no further information was released.
_	These defectors gave Octavian the information that he needed to confirm with the Senate all the accusations that he made against Antony.
_	After the Parowan council meeting, however, Haight spoke with Dame confidentially, relating the information that the emigrants probably already knew that Mormons were involved in the siege.
_	They also used the slogan "Go Green", combined with the information that they reduced CO emissions by around 30 tonnes.
_	On 6 September 2013, Dreamworld emailed people who had already purchased tickets for the 30 September 2013 eviction with the information that the eviction date had been changed to 2 October 2013 as a result of "scheduling changes" and that all evictions from that date would occur on a Wednesday.
_	Cerchiamo introduced the notion of algorithmic mediation, that is, the ability of the system to collect input asynchronously from multiple collaborating searchers, and to use these multiple streams of input to affect the information that is being retrieved and displayed to the searchers.
_	For the varieties of this language known as Shu we are given the information that another language, "EkiShukaali" was formerly spoken by the women, the "AvaShukaali".
_	Some examples of the information that might be contained in these electronic libraries include:
_	These attacks prompted condemnation from SLMM Chief of Staff, who stated "(The government does) have the information that the LTTE has made this offer,"...
_	President Barack Obama said of the discovery, "I am grateful to the Marines who pursued the information that led to Captain Speicher's recovery so that he can now come home."
_	"We leaked the information that the storming would take place at three in the morning.
_	The "Tang Annals" also include the information that Narendradeva's father lost his throne to his elder brother and sought refuge in Tibet.
_	According to the story, recounted in several places (for example, in Sackville-West), Joan gave out the information that "the Dauphin's arms had that day suffered a great reverse near Orléans".
_	At the same time, they were using the information that Portuguese seamen had ambitiously acquired.
_	On September 28 some Indians brought to the settlement the information that a number of Frenchmen had been cast ashore on an island six leagues from St. Augustine, where they were trapped by the river, which they could not cross.
_	The prior can take different functional forms depending on the domain and the information that is available "a priori".
_	Thus, this game is a Bayesian game with asymmetric imperfect information, since neither player has complete information about the game (imperfect information) and both players differ in terms of the information that they do possess (asymmetric information).
_	For his 1997 album, "Solo for Wounded CD", he damaged audio CDs and used the information that a CD player was able to extract from those discs to create new pieces.
_	While the findings represent the government's best estimate, the authors caution that "the data described in this report reflect the information that was available to, and entered by, these state and local law enforcement agencies," and such data systems are still being established and are likely not recording all incidents.
_	As the database grew he decided that a book could be made from the information that he had gathered.
_	However, when a group of 300 Sasanian military experts arrived to the court of Khushnavaz at Balaam (either the same city as Balkh or a city in Sogdia), they were either killed or disfigured and sent back to Iran, with the information that Khushnavaz did this due to Peroz's false promise.
_	Wovschin transmitted to the Soviet Union the information that the Americans had somehow become aware of NKVD internal codenames for various American institutions, including CLUB, HOUSE, BANK and CABARET, as used in the NKVD's most secret communications.
_	As formerly in East Timor, Indonesia's former colonial territory, the Indonesian administration takes great effort at filtering the information that gets out of Western New Guinea.
_	As a sheaf is supposed to be determined by its local restrictions (see gluing axiom), it can be expected that the stalks capture a fair amount of the information that the sheaf is encoding.
_	There is no special reason to doubt the authority of the information that the sagas supply regarding the very beginning of the settlement, but they cannot be treated as primary evidence for the history of Norse Greenland because they embody the literary preoccupations of writers and audiences in medieval Iceland that are not always reliable.
_	Chapman testified that only Poteyev could have provided the U.S. authorities with the information that led to her arrest in 2010; she also alleged that she was arrested shortly after an undercover U.S. agent contacted her using a code that only Poteyev and her personal handler would have known.
_	Media democracy allows people the right to participate in media, it extends the media’s relationship to the public sphere, where the information that is gathered and can be viewed and shared by the people.
_	But equally, the information that has been peddled by the defectors is also "preliminary" and could be used by the west to turn the screws on Myanmar—on democracy and human rights issues—in the run-up to the elections in the country in 2010.
_	"From the information that we have, two or three Americans (were involved) and I think, so far, I have heard of one Brit, a woman, and I think she has done this many times before."
_	This data leak caused serious social consequences for Google as the public expressed their outrage and fear over the information that was recently made public.
_	Typically the interviewer has some way of recording the information that is gleaned from the interviewee, often by writing with a pencil and paper, sometimes transcribing with a video or audio recorder, depending on the context and extent of information and the length of the interview.
_	The Gospel of Luke and Book of Jubilees both agree with the Septuagint in making Salah the son of Cainan, adding the information that his mother was "Milcah" (the daughter of Madai), while his wife is named as "Mu'ak", daughter of "Kesed" (another son of Arphachsad).
_	During the show's existence, I had professional baseball players tell me that they would sneak a peek at the show and pick up tips because the information that Johnny and our guests would put on the show was very very good inside baseball information.
_	After counting more than 90% of the votes, the authorities announced partial results, including the information that 50,16% of the electorate expressed their votes making the result of the referendum valid.
_	Comment posted 11/2/2014 - "The web site has undergone considerable changes as have most web pages and much of the information that was listed as missing is now there.
