_	Other objections aside, I cannot distinguish between the insinuation that world Jewry is a subject of international law and the usual anti-Semitic projections.
_	He refuted the insinuation that there was a problem with Islamic extremism at UCL, and accused some anonymous below the line contributors to the Telegraph of "Islamophobia".
_	This song, which brought Common to the attention of fans and music critics alike, would also become the cause of a rift between the rapper and West Coast emcee Ice Cube, who took exception to the insinuation that the West Coast pioneered style of gangsta rap was detrimental to Hip hop - even going as far as to claim that Hip hop altogether "started in the West".
_	Other objections aside, I cannot distinguish between the insinuation that world Jewry is a subject of international law and the usual anti-Semitic projections.
_	But among the script's strong achievements is the tightly wound Mr. Dori, an undeniably good — if authoritarian — teacher who's proud that his kids score in the state's top 5 percent, and bristles at the insinuation that spurring them to achieve doesn't prove that he cares."
_	Den taunts Dennis with the insinuation that someone had sexually abused him while he was in a children's home, successfully provoking Dennis into accidentally hitting Sharon.
_	Tarr defended his decision to attend the launch, saying that there was no truth to the insinuation that he endorsed racism.
_	The album cover artwork features a highly satirical cartoon by Olaf Jens depicting noticeably gleeful revivified zombies who, on this occasion, have returned from "rock and roll heaven" on "retro" flying saucers and are targeting their customary victims: followers of supposedly "heretical" genres of music which have come to prominence over the years, which in this case include heavy metal, hardcore punk (with the insinuation that it is not "true" punk), rap, and modern pop-country—all done with a noticeable disdain for iPhones, music downloads, and other popular specimens of current technology and fashion (i.e. "exposed undies"), but are presented as "minor figures" in Jens' Sistine Chapel-like diorama depicting a global TNT-blasted apocalypse initiated as a result of the zombies' "scorched earth" policy of "cleansing" in their quest to permanently re-establish the reign of "true" rock & roll.
_	In the start of the fifth titulus, Moses conceded that Peter did not agree with Judaism, but then made the insinuation that Islam is a just religion, and that it is preferred over Christianity.
_	When Miles is again uncooperative, Latos taunts him with the insinuation that the food is his brother's flesh.
_	Limited posted a strong rebuttal on its website terming the insinuation that Barkha lobbied for A Raja as "unsubstantiated, baseless and defamatory" and threatened action against "Open Magazine".
_	Despite the insistent diplomatic efforts of the American delegation and the insinuation that force would be used if required, negotiations were at a virtual stalemate for the entire time with General Cédras obstinately refusing to concede to the legitimacy of the democratic elections.
_	Dairy farmers were upset by the insinuation that they were responsible for the outbreak and put pressure on local health officials to ask Huebner to leave the area.
_	The Calhouns show up to defend themselves from the insinuation that Beth kept the bracelet.
_	Since both competitors' sample lectures were printed, the critical author Niels Ditlev Riegels, as usual, was discontented with the choice, and in one of his writings ("Tanker ved Gjennemlæsningen af Prøveforelæsningerne for det overordentlige theologiske Professorat", "Thoughts inspired by the reading of the test lectures for the extraordinary professorhip at the Theological Faculty", 1789) he made the insinuation that Münter was appointed to the position beforehand and that the whole competition was just staged to defend that "the University was again being enriched with a German".
_	The scene where Parson's boat starts to sink, ultimately with the insinuation that Parson could drown, was not written in the original script.
_	Still, he is tortured by the insinuation that it could be true but is too afraid to ask his wife about it.
_	Olympias responds with mockery of Philip's other lovers, his period as a hostage in Thebes, and the insinuation that Alexander is in fact not Philip's biological son.
_	While there is nothing wrong with examining the dynamics of competition, the insinuation that foreign business owners were to blame for the decline of South African-owned small business was worrying.
_	Echoing such criticism the Council on American–Islamic Relations protested the insinuation that "Muslims have total disregard for human life."
_	Other objections aside, I cannot distinguish between the insinuation that world Jewry is a subject of international law and the usual anti-Semitic projections.
_	One pro-Gwin editorial called the insinuation that Gwin was corrupt "a most malignant falsehood", while a pro-Wilson editorial called his reluctance to take part in a duel evidence that he was "honest" and "conscientious", and had "more respect for the laws of this country than his adversary".
_	Despite its being “edited for clarity,” resulting in numerous errors such as the insinuation that Klickstein is not Jewish, the post was aggregated by several other online outlets that were critical of what appeared to be its subject's take on the nuances of diversity representation in modern media.
_	Part of the debate focused on antisemitism and Galloway strongly objected to the insinuation that he is an antisemite.
_	Today staff at the Cloppenburg Museum Village react rather irritatedly at the insinuation that there is a similarity between local history and Nazi ideology.
_	Not only Joannes Eudaemon, Heribert Rosweyd and Scioppius (Gaspar Schoppe), but a respectable writer, friendly to Casaubon, Andreas Schott of Antwerp, gave currency to the insinuation that Casaubon had sold his conscience for English gold.
