_	The FSF's Peter T. Brown criticised the BBC for what he claimed was a break from previous tradition: the insistence that, for the first time, BBC viewers would be forced to use proprietary technology to watch BBC programmes.
_	Allan initially opposes his father's demand but explains the situation to his fiancée, who insists that in the circumstances the only decent thing for him to do is to comply with the insistence that he marry Fanny after having compromised her reputation.
_	"Little Things" is a mid-tempo pop and folk ballad about the insistence that flaws are what make a person unique.
_	Mosquera claims that he did not recognize the prosecution's witnesses, and his defense hinged on the insistence that he was a small-time thief and not even a "sicario" (contract killer), let alone Escobar's chief assassin.
_	In a 1994 paper, Allen suggested that the different rendering of the names may well indicate two individuals not a single person: "..the evidence itself does not demand an identification of Smenkh-ka-re with Nefer-neferu-aton, and in fact the insistence that the two sets of names must belong to a single individual only weakens each case."
_	"The genius of insurance," in the way it contributes to finance capitalism, is the insistence that the real test of something's value comes not at the moment it is made or exchanged, but at the moment it is lost or destroyed.
_	Part of his approach was the insistence that zoos charge admission in order to generate money to do the work.
_	Subsequent to the insistence that the song stay in the film it was not cut and went on to be a hit.
_	Despite the insistence that the warning would not hinder the show continuing over the weekend, the pinnacle of the event had been reached and it did not continue.
_	One of the major ANZV messages that attracted widespread attention and criticism from some circles was the insistence that Jews must cease trying to identify as white people and that the State of Israel must stop trying to present itself as a Western nation.
_	The papacy, in fact, can be regarded as the originator of many of the most basic elements of modern diplomacy and international law: the protection and safe conduct of ambassadors, the secrecy of diplomatic negotiations, the insistence that treaties and their terms, once made, are to be strictly adhered to, the condemnation of violations, provisions for the release of prisoners and hostages and their humane treatment while in detention, the protection of exiles, aliens, and racial minorities, and the condemnation of unjust wars all derive from the papal position both as the leader of Christian society and as a force for international unity among secular states.
_	By 1932 it had adopted the Soviet doctrine of socialist realism; that is, the insistence that art must concentrate on contemporary events in a realistic way, exposing the ills of nonsocialist society and promoting a glorious future under communism.
_	He disagreed with the insistence that seminarians separate their intellectual formation from their pastoral formation.
_	Dr. Israel Charny, a Genocide scholar and executive director of the Institute on the Holocaust and Genocide in Jerusalem wrote that Bernard Lewis' "seemingly scholarly concern ... of Armenians constituting a threat to the Turks as a rebellious force who together with the Russians threatened the Ottoman Empire, and the insistence that only a policy of deportations was executed, barely conceal the fact that the organized deportations constituted systematic mass murder".
_	Cornejo Polar explains in his footnotes that "[t]odo el texto tiene como motivo principal alabar la figura de Diego Mexia de Fernangil" (the entire text adopts the primary goal of praising the figure Diego Mexía de Fernangil); however, other critics believe the poem's main objective is the insistence that Spanish colonists are just as capable as Europeans of literary invention.
_	Israel Charny wrote that Lewis' "seemingly scholarly concern ... of Armenians constituting a threat to the Turks as a rebellious force who together with the Russians threatened the Ottoman Empire, and the insistence that only a policy of deportations was executed, barely conceal the fact that the organized deportations constituted systematic mass murder".
_	Who rapes her on the insistence that she should birth him more sons to plough the fields in a dry desert wasteland known as the Anvil.
_	The song's lyrics revolve around the insistence that flaws are what make a person unique.
_	Randolph noted that he had seen several responses to the insistence that amendments were necessary before ratification.
_	The general movement, carried forward only with struggle between poets, was the same as in the novel: the invention of the subjective self as a worthy topic, the emergence of a priority on "individual" psychology, against the insistence that all acts of art are a "performance" and a public gesture meant for the benefit of society at large.
_	An interesting point in his speculations is the insistence that nothingness is something positive.
_	Her chosen creative language is Irish and she has expressed her opposition to ‘the insistence that everything written in Irish be translated immediately into English’.
_	An interesting point in his speculations is the insistence that nothingness is something positive.
_	By 1932 it had adopted the Soviet doctrine of socialist realism, that is, the insistence that art must concentrate on contemporary events in a realistic way, exposing the ills of nonsocialist society and promoting the glorious future under communism.
_	It is not science; it is scientifically informed myth, a myth driven by the refusal to give up on the insistence that the natural world and our lives in the world have meaning and purpose.
_	Frutiger had earlier created an alphabet inspired by Univers and Peignot for Paris Orly Airport, but found the experience a failure due to lack of control and the insistence that all text be in capitals only.
_	It was a combination of Conan's massive physique, the fiery glare in his eyes and the insistence that he'd gut the first person who tried to apprehend him that kept the Watch members at bay.
_	4. 'Elimination and prohibition of atom and hydrogen bombs and other weapons of mass destruction, and the insistence that nations carry, on tests only within their respective territories or, if elsewhere, only by international clearance and agreement.
_	The way he conducted the meetings of the Governing Council, the meticulous care with which he handled the agenda items, the intense attention he paid to every detail, the insistence that the minutes of the meetings should be made available to the members within three days and the concern he had to attract highly qualified faculty to the Institute from all regions of India were all reflections of his exceptional caliber as an institution builder.
_	Gutowsky's careful attention to anomalies, and the insistence that they be explained, led to the discovery of a further mechanism, the exchange of molecular groups, named chemical exchange.
_	Anthony Sattin, writing in "The Guardian", gave a favorable review calling Holland a "skilful and energetic narrator" and saying that "The Qur'an anticipated the day of Holland's coming (or someone very like him)" in that Sura 25 instructs Muslims to counter the claim that "these are fables of the ancients which he has got someone to write down for him" with the insistence that it was "revealed by Him Who knows every secret".
_	In the essay, Melville compares Hawthorne to Shakespeare and Dante, and his "self-projection" is evident in the repeats of the word "genius", the more than two dozen references to Shakespeare, and in the insistence that Shakespeare's "unapproachability" is nonsense for an American.
_	Of special concern was the insistence that Congress play a central role in postwar foreign policy, as opposed to its ignorance of the main decisions made during the war.
_	This led to the insistence that there were not two logics, but only formal logic.
_	The major innovation of the prophets was thus not the creation of the religion of Israel "de novo" (since this had already existed, and had facilitated their own emergence), but rather the unique focus on the ethical aspect of religion, the shift in primacy from cult to morality and the insistence that the fulfillment of God's will lay in the moral domain.
_	The teaching of Moses and the experience of Israel when they departed from it are used to support the insistence that believers abstain from idolatry and sexual immorality.
_	The album's lyricism speaks of falling in love, unrequited love, the insistence that flaws are what make a person unique, commitment, jealousy and longing for past significant others.
_	Stephen A. Kent, writing in 1998, noted that officials at all levels of German government shared the insistence that Scientology should be suppressed.
_	They concluded;In our view, the plain wording of section 5 is easy enough to understand without recourse to concepts like sustainable development that are not referred to, or the insistence that an anthropogenic reading of the section must necessarily involve weighing up everything against everything else.
_	He’s heading a post-NAFTA initiative to bring in migrant workers for a weekend and then take them back to Mexico (to address the need for labor force contrasted with the insistence that the immigrants be legal and the desire to not really have a bunch of Mexican immigrants around for good).
_	A typical trait of familialism is the insistence that normality resides in the patriarchal nuclear family.
_	In 1672 he was nominated as Vicar Apostolic of England with a see "in partibus", but the appointment, owing to the opposition of the "English Chapter" to his being a vicar Apostolic, and the insistence that he should be a bishop with ordinary jurisdiction, was not confirmed.
_	Bracher summarizes the program by saying that its components were "hardly new" and that "German, Austrian, and Bohemian proponents of anti-capitalist, nationalist-imperialist, anti-Semitic movements were resorted to in its compilation," but that a call to "breaking the shackles of finance capital" was added in deference to the "idee fixe" of Gottfried Feder, one of the party's founding members, and Hitler provided the militancy of the stance against the Treaty of Versailles, and the insistence that the points could not be changed, and were to be the permanent foundation of the party.
_	The small volume was strongly anti-Roman Catholic, referring to "papal riffraff", and the insistence that all people be able to read the Bible in English for themselves.
_	The members' voices are presented individually on the record, and its lyricism speaks of falling in love, unrequited love, the insistence that flaws are what make a person unique, commitment, jealousy, and longing for past significant others.
_	He therefore sees Israelite monolatry (the insistence that Israel should worship one god, Yahweh, but without denying the reality of other gods) as a break with Israel's own past.
_	The album's lyricism speaks of falling in love, </nowiki>unrequited love, the insistence that flaws are what make a person unique, and commitment, in songs such as "Little Things," "Last First Kiss," "Back For You," and "They Don't Know About Us."
