_	Emperor Zhuangzong decided to send the eunuch Ma Yangui (馬彥珪) to Chengdu to observe the situation, giving him the instruction that if he believed that Guo was intending to take over the Former Shu lands himself, that he should meet with Li Jiji and act against Guo.
_	Rings for erectile dysfunction are invariably supplied with the instruction that they should not be left on for more than thirty minutes.
_	Creon returns from the Oracle at Delphi with the instruction that Thebes needs to avenge the death of the former king Laius for the plague to end.
_	He ordered that the next three vacancies among Blackwell's assistants were to be filled from among the Appellants, and he rescinded the instruction that Blackwell was to consult with the Jesuits, instead forbidding such consultation.
_	With that, the students resubmitted their petition by registered mail however, the petition was again, returned to the students with the instruction that petitions from students should be submitted through the principal and management committee of their school.
_	He regularly gave his students his home phone number with the instruction that if they ever wanted to discuss an assignment, to call him anytime, day or night.
_	If a jump instruction was executed, the program counter will be modified to contain the address of the instruction that was jumped to and program execution continues normally.
_	The abbot placed a votive candle on her grave with the instruction that the light never be allowed to be extinguished.
_	When the cache has been filled with the necessary data, the instruction that caused the cache miss restarts.
_	SmithKline Beecham documents show that Laden and STI coordinated the entire publication process, including writing the cover letter to the journal that published the article, "JAACAP", which she sent to Keller with the instruction that he transfer it to his own letterhead.
_	On March 3, the Blueshirts were reinstated, with the instruction that the club must be sold within 60 days.
_	Justice Scalia, writing for the unanimous court (with Justice Thomas concurring), reversed the decision of the district court and remanded the case for further proceedings in accordance with the instruction that a male can be discriminated against by members of the same sex under Title VII.
_	Providing these different instructions allowed the programmer to select the instruction that took up the least possible room in memory, reducing the program's needs and leaving more room for data.
_	He ends, however, with the instruction that "in spite of that, tell her I love her".
_	It introduces read-after-write (RAW) hazards because the instruction that reads from the location in memory has to wait until it is written to by the previous instruction or else the reading instruction will read the wrong value.
_	However, in the study of the instruction that he revised less than two years later he stated: "According to the 1922 and 1962 documents, accusers and witnesses are bound by the secrecy obligation during and after the process but certainly not prior to the initiation of the process.
_	As the direction of a verdict for the defendant appears to have been rested on the instruction that there was not sufficient evidence, to be submitted to the jury, of a new promise to take the case out of the statute of limitations, and as, if the jury had found that there was such new promise, there was evidence on both sides for the consideration of the jury on the other issues, under proper instructions, and the bills of exceptions do not purport to set out all the evidence on such other issues, a new trial must be had.
_	The following year, in 1865, the 38th Congress removed the instruction that the institution was to educate the blind, and renamed it the Columbia Institution for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb.
_	Various techniques have been employed to keep the CPU busy during this time, including out-of-order execution in which the CPU (Pentium Pro and later Intel designs, for example) attempts to execute independent instructions after the instruction that is waiting for the cache miss data.
_	However the same study also indicated that students who attended a longer class with a library instruction session scored significantly higher, indicating that it may not be the idea of the instruction that is flawed, but rather the method.
_	When he died in 1965, he left the bulk of his estate to the Village of Entwistle, with the instruction that it be used “to build something that will be used by the whole community.”
_	Southcott left a sealed wooden box of prophecies, usually known as "Joanna Southcott's Box", with the instruction that it be opened only at a time of national crisis, and then only in the presence of all 24 bishops of the Church of England (there were only 24 at the time), who were to spend a fixed period of time beforehand studying Southcott's prophecies.
_	To me, he is not a neutral or impartial witness; his testimony was coloured by the instruction that he received."
_	With scouting, the scout thread runs the instructions from the same instruction stream as the instruction that causes the pipeline stall.
_	In his will, Schroeder left his estate to two friends, with the instruction that the money from the estate be used to gather his voluminous writings and publish them.
_	The commandment is preceded by the instruction that a calf or lamb is only acceptable for sacrifice on the eighth day (22:26).
_	Sykes Sanctuary is of bush land bequeathed by Norman Sykes to the Railton community with the instruction that it be conserved as a bird and fauna sanctuary.
_	Sankara begins with the instruction that those who are firmly established in Brahman should not be guilty of Pramada i.e. negligence or carelessness about which state Sanatkumara had told Dhritarashtra, was death – pramadam vai mrtyumaham bravimi (I call negligence itself death.)
_	Dallapiccola's works of the 1920s (the period of his adherence to fascism) have been withdrawn, with the instruction that they never be performed, though they still exist under controlled access for study.
_	In the Anglican Church, the Office of Prime was lost in the publication of the Book of Common Prayer; however, the 1928 version of the Book of Common Prayer (which was accepted by the Church, but rejected by Parliament) restored Prime, with the instruction that it must be used in addition to (not instead of) Matins, and with the option of reciting the Athanasian Creed.
_	The 1st Viscount Leverhulme (1851-1925), with the instruction that its resources should be used to support "scholarships for the purposes of research and education."
_	The new school, which employed Harvard professors, was organized so that women could enjoy instruction equal in quality to the instruction that Harvard men received.
_	On the same day the state authorities in charge issued the general ordinance for the "Establishment of Stone Postal Columns" ("Setzung der steinernen Post-Säulen") and the instruction that the costs of erecting them were to be borne by the landowner of the locations affected.
_	The Westminster Confession was presented to Parliament in 1646, but the House of Commons returned the Confession to the Assembly with the instruction that proof texts from Scripture should be added to the Confession.
_	By "clicking" on one of the symbols or text, the operator is selecting the instruction that the symbol represents.
_	In 1875, the Decree of 12 March of the same year, decrees the instruction that has to give in the School of Saint Carlos of Puno, comprising diverse matters like religion, tongue and Spanish literature, Latin, geography among others.
_	Nevertheless, the church uses several elements of the 1842 account of the First Vision, including Smith's desire to know which church he should join, his reading of James 1:5, his prayer in the grove, the appearance of God the Father and Jesus Christ, the statement by Jesus that all existing churches were corrupt, and the instruction that Smith should join none of them.
_	For instance, a position might be given with the instruction that White is to move first, and checkmate Black in two moves against any possible defense.
_	The trace exception vector decodes the instruction that will be executed after the exception vector.
_	The order was totally suppressed by Pope Clement V in 1312, with the instruction that the Templar properties were to be transferred to the Knights Hospitallers.
_	Alternatively, the trainee will be asked to provide a numeric range for a question like, "In what year did Napoleon invade Russia?", with the instruction that the provided range is to represent a 90% confidence interval.
_	A program runs faster without stalls if its memory loads can be started several cycles before the instruction that needs that variable.
_	Second, the instruction that the "mens rea" for party liability under s. 21(1)(b) could be negated by duress was also incorrect.
_	Reform would also benefit from improving the instruction that is provided to students within the classroom.
_	The unresolved pointer contains an indication of the name of the segment to which the pointer refers and an offset within the segment; the handler for the trap maps the segment into the address space, puts the segment number into the pointer, changes the tag field in the pointer so that it no longer causes a trap, and returns to the code where the trap occurred, re-executing the instruction that caused the trap.
_	In 1903, she donated a parcel of real estate she owned to the church, under the instruction that it be made into a home for "aged and indigent colored people".
_	It was not usual in the 1920s for pilots to wear parachutes but he was given one in June 1926 with the instruction that it was to be used on all test flights.
_	Rather than succumbing to the temptation of more tourist-friendly forms of creating her work, Harris ensured that she followed the instruction that she learned as a child.
_	Additional special instructions which included the instruction that the orders must be "carried out most energetically and without any false compassion" were issued by Roatta:
_	[Note 1] If the value stored at "temp" is initially a negative value and the instruction that executed right before the first "RSSB temp" in this routine borrowed, then four "RSSB temp" instructions will be required for the routine to work.
_	Berlin had donated the "God Bless America" royalties to the Boy Scouts of America, and he presented the rights to "Heaven Watch the Philippines" to the Commonwealth of the Philippines with the instruction that if they ever sold the song in the Philippines for profit, the proceeds were to be given to the Boy and Girl Scouts of the Philippines.
_	With the coins was the instruction that the leg would end at the "safe house with the American flag."
_	The letters contained impossible proposals for the addressees to implement, with the instruction that they write back to Celender explaining how they intended to realize his schemes.
_	Mambo Hwata gave orders to cut telephone lines and gave his men letters to take to all British families in the area, with the instruction that the men should attack and kill all British men who came out to receive the fake letters.
_	With respect to the section of the draft resolution relating to the transfer of embassies from Jerusalem, the Secretary of State said that the resolution was "fundamentally flawed" and that the U.S. considered that the instruction that states remove their diplomatic missions from Jerusalem, "not binding" and "without force", and that "we reject it as a disruptive attempt to dictate to other nations."
_	Mackey and Lem tricked the two rappers into walking into a large storage depot, into which both men were then locked together under the instruction that they would have to settle their differences or finish things once and for all.
_	While many commentators see the Holiness Code regulations as supplementing the prior legislation mandating manumission in the seventh year, the otherwise potentially long wait until the Jubilee was somewhat alleviated by the Holiness Code, with the instruction that slaves should be allowed to buy their freedom by paying an amount equal to the total wages of a hired servant over the entire period remaining until the next Jubilee (this could be up to 49 years-worth of wages; in 2017, this would roughly equate with £922,500 sterling).
_	In QEMU, a triple fault produces a dump of the virtual machine in the console, with the instruction pointer set to the instruction that triggered the first exception.
_	Shortly after "Jolly Green 11" evacuated the East Beach, the first BLU-82 was dropped causing a huge explosion and sending a shockwave across the West Beach, Lt. Col Austin quickly called the "Cricket" with the instruction that no more of the bombs should be dropped.
_	The proposal was submitted directly to the Supreme Central Council which approved it immediately, with the instruction that the University would be prepared to contribute its funds, together with the Town Council, for the support of the unit.
_	According to documents obtained by the BBC after the event, government security measures on the day of the planned demonstrations included the instruction that "no police personnel should carry any kind of weapon during the law and order duty with the rally".
_	Capital Airlines changed its emergency checklist after the crash, deleting the instruction that pilots were to descend to a warmer climate to relight the systems and instructing them that, provided that correct procedure was followed, the engine could be restarted at any height.
_	Mentions of the near miss with "Larson" were interrupted with the instruction that those details could be recounted at a later time, but the matter was never raised by the board.
_	He was ultimately commissioned for the styling job, and was given the instruction that the folding roof mechanism on the De Tomaso be similar to the multi-position roof used by the Griffith.
_	According to sources, his uncle, Sheikh Kabir, one day gave Shah Jalal a handful of earth and asked him to travel to Hindustan with the instruction that he should settle down at whichever place in Hindustan whose soil matched completely in smell and color, and devote his life for the propagation and establishment of Islam there.
_	On 15 December, the Beatles again approached Johns to compile an album, but this time with the instruction that the songs must match those included in the as yet unreleased "Get Back" film.
_	The decree concludes with the instruction that a copy was to be placed in every temple, inscribed in the "language of the gods" (hieroglyphs), the "language of documents" (demotic), and the "language of the Greeks" as used by the Ptolemaic government.
_	Ben-Gurion passed the order to the IDF General Staff, who passed it to Dani HQ at 23:30 hours on 12 July, ten hours after the expulsion orders were issued; Morris writes that there was an ambiguity in the instruction that women, children and the sick were not to be forced to go: the word ""lalechet"" can mean either "go" or "walk".
_	On July 27, 1995, Khardzhiev made a will leaving everything to Lidia, with the instruction that she choose what part of his collection was given to the Khardzhiev-Chaga Art Foundation in Amsterdam.
_	The start of the array is stored in the literal address (perhaps modified at program-load time by a relocating loader) of the instruction that references it.
_	It transfers the control to the instruction that immediately follows the repetition structure.
_	However, Kirby did not feel confident enough to score the album's centrepiece "River Man", and Boyd was forced to stretch the Witchseason budget to hire the veteran composer Harry Robertson, with the instruction that he echo the tone of Delius and Ravel.
_	On the eve of the hanging, Pattison eventually relayed the instruction that the execution must be carried out.
_	The manual for the Tableau de Concordance included the instruction that if there was not adequate time for completely enciphering the message, simply send it in clear, because a partially enciphered message is practically a window into the inner workings of the code.
_	The trial court failed to give the instruction that Courvoisier should not be held liable if his mistake that Raymond was a robber was reasonable given the circumstances.
_	This introduces write-after-read (WAR) hazards because the instruction that writes the data into a memory location has to wait until that memory location has been read by the previous instruction or else the reading instruction would read the wrong value.
_	The majority remanded the case back to the district court with the instruction that Willard make the down payment, subsequent purchase price payments, interest payments, and yearly rent to Tayloe in gold and silver coin.
_	Thonmi is told to depart, his memory wiped of what he has heard, though given the instruction that the Doctor should be released unharmed.
_	The mixture, called "seed-thickener", is given to Shams-al-Din, a wealthy merchant who had no child, with the instruction that he must eat the paste two hours before having intercourse with his wife.
_	Alexandr Konosevich, from Omsk, further researched the bug and coauthored an article with Uwe Post in the German technology magazine "c't", calling it the "hidden CLI bug" (CLI is the instruction that disables interrupts in the x86 architecture).
_	The second method only alters the instruction that will halt before it is executed and may also then restore it before optional resumption by the programmer.
_	In addition, the instruction that the children received reflected the roles and duties that they were to assume once outside the reservation.
_	She died, childless, in 1814, leaving a sealed wooden box of prophecies, known as Joanna Southcott's Box, with the instruction that it be opened only at a time of national crisis, and then only in the presence of all 24 bishops of the Church of England.
