_	Maudlin objects that this analysis rides roughshod over the intuition that some such generalizations could fail to be laws in worlds that we should follow scientists in deeming physically possible.
_	LTSA is based on the intuition that when a manifold is correctly unfolded, all of the tangent hyperplanes to the manifold will become aligned.
_	This, together with that fact that all finite modules are algebraically compact, gives rise to the intuition that algebraically compact modules are those (possibly "large") modules which share the nice properties of "small" modules.
_	The valuative criterion of properness expresses the intuition that in a proper variety, there are no points "missing".
_	It captures the intuition that the particular choice of a bound variable, in a lambda abstraction, does not (usually) matter.
_	However, the tangent space at each point of these spaces can be identified with the plane (H ⊗ O), or (O ⊗ O) further justifying the intuition that these are a form of generalized projective plane.
_	It follows from the definition that 1 ≤ 0 → "a", corresponding to the intuition that any proposition "a" is implied by a contradiction 0.
_	They extract certain visual features based on the intuition that they can discriminate between aesthetically pleasing and displeasing images.
_	This is consistent with the intuition that the flows of ergodic systems are equidistributed in phase space.
_	In the theory of dynamical systems, history preserving maps capture the intuition that the behavior in one system is a "refinement" of the behavior in another.
_	Furthermore, functions that are history and future preserving surjections capture the notion of bisimulation between systems, and thus the intuition that a given refinement is "correct" with respect to a specification.
_	Specifically, the positional relevance model assigns more weights to words occurring closer to query words based on the intuition that words closer to query words are more likely to be related to the query topic.
_	Mitrani offers the intuition that "The state of node "i" as seen by an incoming job has a different distribution from the state seen by a random observer.
_	Nozick pumps the intuition that each of us has a reason to avoid plugging into the Experience Machine forever.
_	The disadvantage of this concept is that it goes against the intuition that a parent peak should always be more significant than its child.
_	The unique homomorphic extension theorem is a result in mathematical logic which formalizes the intuition that the truth or falsity of a statement can be deduced from the truth values of its parts.
_	The null cover characterization conveys the intuition that a random real number should not have any property that is “uncommon”.
_	If CT is the correct account of modal properties we still can keep the intuition that identity statements are contingent and a priori because counterpart theory understands the modal operator in a different way than standard modal logic.
_	Infallible knowledge represents the intuition that knowledge does not leave room for error.
_	This is an attempt to capture the intuition that there are no "jumps" or "separations" in the function.
_	The method of Lagrange multipliers relies on the intuition that at a maximum, cannot be increasing in the direction of any neighboring point where .
_	It uses the intuition that in order to have a giant component, each node in the particular cluster has to have at least neighbors on average.
_	The purpose of this rule was to capture the intuition that within each sentence, there is one word in particular that is accented more prominently due to its importance - this is said to form the nucleus of that sentence.
_	Stephen Yablo's (1998) response is to provide an error theory to account for the intuition that zombies are possible.
_	It is in this sense that, by weakening Derrida's thesis, Ferraris proposed to develop a social ontology starting from the intuition that nothing "social" exists outside the text.
_	The martingale characterization conveys the intuition that no effective procedure should be able to make money betting against a random sequence.
_	This justifies the intuition that in Kademlia only formula_28 nodes are contacted in searching for a target node.
_	Introverted intuition is the intuition that acts in an introverted and thus, subjective manner.
_	It therefore does little to vindicate the intuition that Nagel seeks to defend, namely, that we can promote our own projects without doing something that is wrong.
_	This appeals to the intuition that the first time such an edge is traversed the distance to the root is increased, while the second time the distance decreases.
_	The Kolmogorov complexity characterization conveys the intuition that a random sequence is incompressible: no prefix can be produced by a program much shorter than the prefix.
_	"The second motivation for an ensemble interpretation is the intuition that because quantum mechanics is inherently probabilistic, it only needs to make sense as a theory of ensembles.
_	It is based on the intuition that when a manifold is correctly unfolded, all of the tangent hyperplanes to the manifold will become aligned.
_	The spectrum also makes precise the intuition that localisation and factor rings are complementary: the natural maps "R" → "R" and "R" → "R" / "fR" correspond, after endowing the spectra of the rings in question with their Zariski topology, to complementary open and closed immersions respectively.
_	More than a dozen of internal evaluation measures exist, usually based on the intuition that items in the same cluster should be more similar than items in different clusters.
_	It is hard to justify memory beliefs given that they are not drawn through distinct experiences, but regardless if they are/aren’t supported, individuals would still have the intuition that they are justified in holding these beliefs.
_	The foundation for the hierarchy theorems lies in the intuition that
_	They suggested that “it would be interesting to quantify the intuition that the Thue-Morse order tends to produce a fair outcome.
_	Palmer identifies the "laissez faire" intuition (LFI), which is the intuition that humans do not have an obligation to aid wild animals in need.
_	A person-affecting or person-based view (also called person-affecting restriction) in population ethics captures the intuition that an act can only be bad if it is bad "for" someone.
_	Not long after the original model was proposed, a 2-factor variation was proposed under the intuition that target distance and width have separate effects on movement time.
_	Developed by David Blei, Andrew Ng, and Michael I. Jordan in 2002, LDA introduces sparse Dirichlet prior distributions over document-topic and topic-word distributions, encoding the intuition that documents cover a small number of topics and that topics often use a small number of words.
_	This obtains the intuition that a generally lower 'average utility' is to be endured provided there are no individuals who would be "better off dead".
_	We have the intuition that Mary has been deprived of some vital data to do with the experience of redness.
_	This expresses the intuition that it is a bad thing for some people to be worse off than others through no fault of their own.
_	Furthermore, the Lebesgue integral of this function is zero, which agrees with the intuition that when picking a real number uniformly at random from the unit interval, the probability of picking a rational number should be zero.
_	In programming language theory, parametricity is an abstract uniformity property enjoyed by parametrically polymorphic functions, which captures the intuition that all instances of a polymorphic function act the same way.
_	The monotonicity criterion renders the intuition that there should be neither need to worry about harming a candidate by (nothing else than) up-ranking nor it should be possible to support a candidate by (nothing else than) counter-intuitively down-ranking.
_	The time-based value of money captures the intuition that everyone would prefer to get paid sooner rather than later but would prefer to pay later rather than sooner.
_	Metrical structure expresses the intuition that the events of a piece are related to a regular alternation of strong and weak beats at a number of hierarchical levels.
_	Betweenness can then be defined by using the intuition that the shortest distance between any two points is a straight line:
_	The definition of the limit using the hyperreal numbers formalizes the intuition that for a "very large" value of the index, the corresponding term is "very close" to the limit.
_	This coincides with the intuition that an observer who lives longer has more opportunities to experience herself existing, and it provides flexibility to refine reference classes in certain thought experiments in order to avoid paradoxical conclusions.
_	As proposed in the original paper, a sparse Dirichlet prior can be used to model the topic-word distribution, following the intuition that the probability distribution over words in a topic is skewed, so that only a small set of words have high probability.
_	"Tunable ruggedness" captures the intuition that both the overall size of the landscape and the number of its local "hills and valleys" can be adjusted via changes to its two parameters, formula_1 and formula_2, defined below.
_	A common argument against the use of NFU as a foundation for mathematics is that the reasons for relying on it have to do with the intuition that ZFC is correct.
_	The sparse Dirichlet priors encode the intuition that documents cover only a small set of topics and that topics use only a small set of words frequently.
_	In this area of research, Kraut wants to find out how to align the intuition that markets for attention with those who are sending and receiving the information.
_	Behind these paradigms, for some, lay the intuition that the feeling in the body is paramount, along with what one observes with one's own eyes.
_	When the authors conducted a Gedankenexperiment (German for a thought-experiment) that allowed them to compare the Darwinian and Lamarckian “modalities,” and test the conjecture that each of them is tuned to a different type of selective pressure, they found that the main controlling parameter in the model appears to be the correlation a of the environmental fluctuations, with the Lamarckian modality systematically becoming more favorable when this correlation is large, in line with the intuition that transmitting acquired information is beneficial when the selective pressure experienced by the offspring is sufficiently similar to that experienced by the parents.
_	Ian Stewart characterizes this interpretation as an "entirely reasonable" way to rigorously justify the intuition that "there's a little bit missing" from 1 in 0.999...
_	Indeed, one of Hilary Putnam's arguments for his version of functionalism relied on the intuition that such alien creatures would have the same mental states as humans do, and that the multiple realizability of standard functionalism makes it a better theory of mind.
_	This requires that thought out of itself, requires the intuition that takes the concept of the static tautological.
_	This is a more precise formulation of the intuition that asset volatility tends to revert to some mean rather than remaining constant or moving in monotonic fashion over time.
_	Capsnets explore the intuition that the human visual system creates a tree-like structure for each focal point and coordinates these trees to recognize objects.
_	Reviewers wrote, and Miller later confirmed, that a recurring theme in the lyrics of "Real Nighttime" was life after college, which Miller paired with the intuition that "freedom had a strong aspect of being bad news."
_	This leads to the intuition that by maximizing the log-likelihood of a model, you are minimizing the KL divergence of your model from the maximal entropy distribution.
_	He thought of committing suicide and, with the sole purpose of avoiding it, he started writing a little poem every ten or fifteen minutes: he had the intuition that this would be the only way he could reach the dawn alive, that this and no other was the valid formula to survival.
_	Proposed by Ken Stevens at MIT, quantal theory formalizes the intuition that some speech sounds are easier to produce than others.
_	This can be seen to contain the intuition that there must be a single principle behind all phenomena: 'That one' (tad ekam), self-sufficient, to which distinctions cannot be applied.
_	The most obvious objection to Dennett is the intuition that it "matters" to us whether an object has an inner life or not.
_	Meaning-making stems from the intuition that individuals want to understand the world.
_	The result is based upon the intuition that the growth of the tax wedge between current and future consumption is related to the growth of the time horizon.
_	Torbjörn Tännsjö argues that the intuition that B is worse than A is wrong.
_	The advantage of this point of view is in the intuition that it gives for the result: formula_1 is related to the flux of a field formula_30 which is created (so to say) by "magnetic charges" in formula_31 space.
_	"What is brilliant," explained Moravia, "is the intuition that European society of the "Belle Epoque" had emptied itself of all humanism leaving only an artificial and exhaustive formalism.
