_	Like their parents, the four Fowler children "were reared in a home that instilled in them love of learning, as evidenced by each having earned multiple degrees, in addition to firsthand exposure to the joy that comes with living a life that is the outgrowth of spiritual enlightenment."
_	It "proclaims the joy that colours and forms and the representation of things seen and imagined produce".
_	Louise is the joy that [doctors assume to be joy of finding out that Brently was not actually dead] she refuses to surrender, as the patriarchy would require her to do at Brently's return.
_	But what I can do is let another share in the joy that she has always given me".
_	West sings that "the simple things" are "a Saturday night dance, a bottle of Coke [ie. Coca Cola], and the joy that the bluebird brings", in others "bottle of Coke" is replaced by "a picture show.
_	In particular, Moira Dearnley claims that the hymns contain a "high-spirited delight in the day-to-day life of children, the joy that characterizes the best the "Hymns for the Amusement of Children"."
_	The reader is left wondering about the joy that killed Mrs. Mallard, was it that she is happy that her husband was in fact still alive or was it in terror that she felt free and is in fact not free because her husband is standing before her.
_	She is unfriendly and stays to herself, but she is pleased when she sees the joy that her garden brings to everyone.
_	He further states that "the joy that flows from the mystic union is unspeakable and full of glory" (241).
_	It’s a Beautiful World is basically an Elbow track backed by a breakbeat – can't dampen the joy that rings out from every corner.
_	Very little of this is documented on record (although she did leave a handful of lovely song recordings), but those who saw her in recital remembered the joy that she communicated.
_	Another possible interpretation is a sexual one, where the poem represents the joy that can be found through innocent sexual love.
_	Strictly speaking, the modern carnival, arise at the dawn of an Epiphany day on 6 January 1912, based on the need to express imagination, play, friendship and sharing the joy that around that time of the year revives.
_	I want the joy that I used to get seeing Godzilla toss a tank without having to think there are guys in the tank…
_	It was definitely emotional, but there was joy there too, the joy that comes from reconciliation and the joy that comes from stepping into what you believe is your purpose."
_	The diocesan newspaper declared, "Boston participates in the joy that pervades the whole country" when General Robert E. Lee surrendered to Lt. General Ulysses S. Grant at the Appomattox Court House.
_	Noted for its simplicity of structure and language, it describes the joy that he feels when he sees a rainbow and notes that he has felt this way since his childhood.
_	Despite his unique behavior, Bryson tells his story through the eyes of a child, filled with hilarious observations about the world — from "Lumpy" Kowalski's curious nickname to the joy that was to be had in the department stores.
_	Preston says that his favourite part of "MasterChef Australia" is "the joy that comes from the contestants delivering us a delicious dish that's a pleasure to eat."
_	On the show's 25th anniversary broadcast in 2008, Frederick Swann, president of the American Guild of Organists, expressed the organization's "great debt of gratitude for the joy that "Sacred Classics" has brought untold thousands of listeners over the years".
_	That's where Cassidy discovered the joy that's created from singing.
_	"You saw the joy that the British had, that the Americans had, and saw them here through their representatives celebrating and acting as if we [Zimbabwe] are either an extension of Britain or ... America.
_	The poem then describes the festivities of Easter and the joy that comes with it:
_	Through an assault on the audiences' senses, Artaud was convinced that a theatrical experience could help people purge destructive feelings and experience the joy that society forces them to repress.
_	The Rema (Moses Isserles), in the 16th century, records the custom of Hakafot and the joy that accompanies the removal of the Torah scrolls from the Ark.
_	Foster told "Rolling Stone", "This record still has the joy that our first album did, but it's been thrown into a pit and forced to dance among wolves."
_	The second part returns to the 3/4 but again in new material, endless jubilating runs and repetitions, expressing the joy that "we have, praise God, experienced".
_	Haman, carried away by the joy that this honour gave him, issued orders for the erection of a gallows on which he intended to hang the hated Mordecai.
_	What is remarkable though, is this crush of Miu's might in fact be helping her playing, and might make it possible for her to once again find the joy in music she knew as a child, the joy that allowed her to play such beautiful, emotional music that captured the hearts of all those that listened.
_	So whatever the joy that comes as a result of birth, birth includes an element of suffering or stress that will arise sooner or later.
_	Xenophon testifies that Antisthenes had praised the joy that sprang "from out of one's soul," and Diogenes Laertius relates that Antisthenes was fond of saying: "I would rather go mad than feel pleasure."
_	According to those who attended, Helen Keller spoke of the joy that life gave her.
_	Let us never be burdened by it but let's celebrate the joy that it brings.
_	On the day that McCartney composed "Early Days", he had been reminiscing about his past in Liverpool with John Lennon: "I started to get images of us in the record shop listening to early rock and roll and looking at the posters and the joy that that gave me remembering all those moments."
_	I do not know how to thank you nor how to express the joy that floods my heart.
_	For example, Jung cites instances such as Grandma Kim’s (Amy Hill) pet cricket, the family’s favorite restaurant, the "Happy Lucky Golden Dragon," and lines like "May you have the joy that comes from serving your husband" and "[We are] bound together by the vine of community" in the dialogue".
_	What most spectators will remember most from that 11 July 1982 was the joy that overcame President of Italy Sandro Pertini each time the Italian side scored.
_	He also said he had visited Sabah in 1973 and witnessed the joy that was enjoyed by the people of the state, adding that he also has many relatives in the state.
_	According to the "Catechism of the Catholic Church", "acedia or spiritual sloth goes so far as to refuse the joy that comes from God and to be repelled by divine goodness."
_	The festival signifies the joy that people had when Buddha returned from a star and was invited to sit on a throne and carried to a palace.
_	Jopson focuses on faces and hands, capturing the joy that surged through what were often strangely formal proceedings."
_	Julia is even more embarrassed at the joy that Paulina expresses at her arrival and her treatment of her as an old friend.
_	It's also a tribute to the joy that burns inside when you reach a place and people who don't speak your language are rooting for your songs and welcoming you into their unique environment".
_	As she was another girl (1 of 7 overall), her birth was not really greeted with the joy that had met her brother, Louis d'Orléans, Duke of Orléans.
