_	In spite of Hitler's insistence, Italian forces in the end refused to disarm the Chetniks (thus rendering that course of action impossible), under the justification that the Italian occupation forces could not afford to lose the Chetniks as allies in their maintenance of the occupation.
_	Some eat fish with the justification that fish have less sophisticated nervous systems than land-dwelling animals.
_	Although a synod of the Patriarchate of Constantinople absolved Dorotheus of any blame—with the justification that the arguments of Nerio were inadmissible since he was a Catholic—Nerio refused to allow his return.
_	This creates a burden on poorer areas, however, by relocating toxic wastes and other environmentally hazardous goods through the justification that they are not willing (or able) to pay as much as a wealthier area for a clean environment.
_	Once Porco's plane is finished, Fio joins him on his flight home, with the justification that if the secret police arrest the team, they can say that Porco forced them to help and took Fio as a hostage.
_	However, the complaint was not upheld by the BBC Programme Complaints Unit, on the justification that the scenes mocked the "ludicrous pretensions of this pompous and self-regarding character" as well as the British modern art scene, that only a single complaint had been received, and that the show aired late at night on an 'experimental' channel.
_	Despite widespread calls for its introduction, the Electoral Administration Act 2006 did not provide for individual elector registration, on the justification that registration levels would fall.
_	Cambodians of Chinese descent were massacred by the Khmer Rouge under the justification that they "used to exploit the Cambodian people".
_	Custom, statue and practice not only reduced women’s rights and freedoms but prevented single or widowed women from holding public office on the justification that they might one day marry.
_	Clark's legacy to Vic was the justification that they always "did more good than bad."
_	Bush administration officials such as the Attorney General defended the program by citing that this was a part of the justification that the Clinton administration used in its warrantless search of Aldrich Ames.
_	In the early hours of 9 August, Interior Minister Eduardo Jiménez de Aréchaga – under the orders of Jorge Pacheco Areco – ordered searches of the University of the Republic, the Faculties of Agronomy, Architecture, Psychology, Medicine, and the National School of Fine Arts, with the justification that those places contained weapons and pamphlets violating the security measures then in force.
_	Analysts also said that access to social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter was "extremely slow or blocked after the explosion" as social media in Turkey were reportedly blocked with the justification that they contained graphic images of the explosion.
_	Furthermore, thousands of Chams (Tsams, Albanians living in Northern Greece) were driven out of Greece with the justification that they had collaborated with the Nazis.
_	It has been alleged that the Mastiff was bred with other more numerically significant giant breeds such as Bullmastiffs and St. Bernards, with the justification that these were considered close relatives to the Mastiff.
_	Three days after the event, NASCAR restored Lorenzen's victory with the justification that the fuel tank was purchased from Firestone, and thus within the spirit of the rules.
_	In response, the Department of Defense again denied the awards under the justification that "Switzerland was a neutral country and Switzerland's armed forces were not hostile to the United States."
_	Britain's prime minister, Margaret Thatcher, allowed the U.S. Air Force to use Britain's air bases to launch the attack, on the justification that the UK was supporting America's right to self-defense under Article 51 of the United Nations Charter.
_	Oil companies used the justification that Ecuador's development was dependent on oil extraction to further their projects.
_	Amanda uses the justification that General will keep her safe in case others like her first assailant appear, and General is allowed to stay inside at night to act as a protector for Amanda.
_	Albert von Mühlwerth, a German member of the Reichsrat from Bohemia, made the justification that expanding and modernizing the Austro-Hungarian Navy was necessary in order to replace the obsolete "Monarch" class; stating, "If my coat is old and threadbare, I buy myself a new one...it is the same with warships."
_	Gould is struck that Paley can claim that even the agonising pain of gallstones or gout could indicate the goodness of a loving God, with the justification that it felt so good when the pain stopped.
_	She was in the news in 2015 for denying internship to a student with the justification that India is a country of rapists.
_	But he supported their request for the Allies to print '500 Million roubles of Nicholas money of all denominations' for the Special Council as a matter of urgency, with the justification that 'although one realizes the fundamental futility of this remedy, one must agree with them that for the moment this is the only remedy'.
_	Using the justification that uninhabited atolls were unclaimed, the Germans seized Toke as government property, despite the protests of the Iroji.
_	An October 1956 memo from Hoover reclassified the FBI's ongoing surveillance of black leaders, including it within COINTELPRO, with the justification that the movement was infiltrated by communists.
_	The Union denied women access to compositor's work, using the justification that women lacked the mechanical ability and the intelligence to be compositors.
_	In 1994 the church refused an ecumenical offer of "Arbeitsgemeinschaft Christlicher Kirchen" (English: Council of Christian Churches; today Churches Together in Britain and Ireland) with the justification that the ecumenical way of Christian unity would not be an appropriate way of religious life according to the sense and goals of Jesus Christ.
_	The UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher allowed the US Air Force to use Britain's air bases to launch the attack, on the justification that the UK was supporting America's right to self-defense under Article 51 of the United Nations Charter.
_	Over the course of the story, the Common Economic Protocol sponsors the investigation of clandestine Seed technologies in order to preserve the established order from subversion, using the justification that unrestricted access to Sources would lead to the proliferation of high tech weapons and result in anarchy.
_	When Mare Moscoviense was discovered by the Luna 3, and the name was proposed by the Soviet Union, it was only accepted by the International Astronomical Union with the justification that Moscow is the state of mind.
_	Karel Kramář, leader of the Young Czech Party, supported the budgets with the justification that he had "a certain weakness for the navy."
_	The INS district director gave the justification that "her writings go far beyond mere dissent".
_	Using the justification that the Incas had "broken the inviolate law observed by all nations of the world regarding ambassadors" the new Viceroy, Francisco de Toledo, Count of Oropesa, decided to attack and conquer Vilcabamba.
_	After STS-112, NASA leaders analyzed the situation and decided to press ahead under the justification that "[t]he ET is safe to fly with no new concerns (and no added risk)" of further foam strikes.
_	Ten list with the justification that his "process was dismissed."
_	The King gave Wu Zixu a sword and ordered him to commit suicide on the justification that his behaviour amounted to sabotage.
_	Upon learning of the massacre, the infuriated British garrison engaged in a surge of violence against the local population of Cawnpore, including looting and burning of houses, with the justification that none of the local noncombatants had done anything to stop the massacre.
_	Riada used harpsichord for the latter with the justification that the harpsichord best replicated the sound of the metal strings of the early Irish harp.
_	Twice the past, when the president resigned or shortly before his term expired, the president broke the National Pact and appointed a Maronite Christian with the justification that he would assume the powers of the presidency.
_	To compensate the Soviet Union for this loss, a secret codicil to the German–Soviet Boundary and Friendship Treaty transferred Lithuania to the Soviet sphere of influence, which would serve as the justification that enabled the Soviet Union to occupy Lithuania on June 15, 1940 and to establish the Lithuanian SSR.
_	Both politicians refused with the justification that the role was in competition with the central government.
_	The 1884 reform mandated that companies have a two-tier board, with the justification that free registration rather than a system of state concession meant a supervisory board was needed to take over the state's monitoring role.
_	Superman's face remains uncovered on the justification that he wants to be trusted by people while Batman wears a mask partly because he wants to be feared by criminals.
_	In 1999, it became precedent in another Supreme Court case involving gambling advertisement, "Greater New Orleans Broadcasting Assn., Inc. v. United States", which challenged the Federal Communications Commission's right to restrict advertisement on games of chance with the justification that such restrictions would reduce gambling, given that advertisements for such games of chance as state lotteries and Native American gambling enterprises were allowed in all states and all gambling advertisement had been permitted by the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in nine.
_	By 2010, China reportedly signed a civil nuclear agreement with Pakistan, using the justification that the deal was "peaceful."
_	In 2008, however, the ICUN granted the Eurasian Beaver a status of least concern, with the justification that the species had recovered sufficiently with the help of global conservation programmes.
_	When Mare Moscoviense was discovered, and the name was proposed by the Soviet Union, it was only accepted by the International Astronomical Union with the justification that Moscow is a state of mind.
_	On his death bed he asks Babu to not abandon Raji and emphasizes it with the justification that her love for him is pure, even if its ‘impure’ in the eyes of society.
_	With the justification that the dumb network uniquely satisfies the requirements of the end to end principle for application creation, supporters see the dumb network as uniquely qualified for this purpose, as – by design – it is not sensitive to the needs of applications.
_	The accountability is defined as "an element which is part of a unique responsibility and which represents an obligation of an actor to achieve the goal, or to perform the procedure of a task, and the justification that it is done to someone else, under threat of sanction".
_	The individual remained involuntarily confined on the justification that he was potentially dangerous even though he no longer suffered from the mental illness that served as a basis for his original commitment.
_	Soon after the RCIU petitioned the Boston Store to raise employee wages for its men and women and to also officially recognize the union, a move that the store's management refused with the justification that only a few of the department store employees were union members.
_	During the onset of the Great Recession in 2008, MnDOT closed 86 waysides around the state under the justification that they no longer served a transportation safety function.
_	According to an article by Nicolas Pelham in the IPS "Journal of Palestine Studies", child labor is employed in the smuggling tunnels with the justification that children are more "nimble."
_	It has been suspected that Saddam Hussein intended to invade and annex a portion of Saudi Arabia's Eastern Province on the justification that the Saudi region of Al-Hasa had been part of the Ottoman province of Basra that the British had helped Saudi Arabia conquer in 1913.
_	His pensions as Bank Governor and University professor were cut with the justification that he had revenues from his properties; between 1945 and 1948 all his properties were nationalized; without any means, he lived with his daughter’s family.
_	But Almeida cancelled Abreu's appointment to patrol the Red Sea, with the justification that it was impractical until a permanent Portuguese base was established in that area.
_	Custom, statue and practice not only reduced women's rights and freedoms but prevented single or widowed women from holding public office on the justification that they might one day marry.
_	The decision to award the contract for the redevelopment to the company without putting it out to tender, on the justification that the project was non-profit, sparked controversy locally.
_	He continued with his plans, despite an attempt to get a federal injunction to stop, with the justification that the small, irregular size of the lot prohibited any redesign.
_	Officers came to his house on May 1, 2009, where they confiscated his alcohol and computer, using the justification that under South Carolina law anyone with a previous conviction for sex offences is forbidden from owning either of these.
_	Some churches have several bells with the justification that "the more bells a church had, the more loudly they rang, and the greater the distance over which they could be heard, the less likely it was that evil forces would trouble the parish."
_	Prior to approval for the next mission, the situation was analyzed and NASA decided to press ahead under the justification that "The ET is safe to fly with no new concerns (and no added risk)" of further foam strikes.
_	Using the justification that uninhabited atolls were unclaimed, the Germans seized Bokak as government property, despite the protests of the Iroji.
_	In 1996, getting the title of regular professor, he rejected it with the justification that museology is not an official credential Science.
_	Interviews with former American slaves included statements such as "slaves get the masters they deserve" and "I was so bad I needed the whipping", demonstrating the justification that slaves had no right to expect kindness or compassion because of their status in society and the devastating mental effects from social death.
_	The magazine was sometimes criticised for including "filler" content such as articles on Arnold Schwarzenegger with the justification that an upcoming film had a computer game tie-in.
_	Pope Urban VIII at first appointed as new Archbishop of Milan the Cardinal Girolamo Colonna di Sciarra, but the Spanish government, under which was the Duchy of Milan, refused the mandatory assent with the justification that Colonna was not a native of Milan.
_	When the London-based government returned to Luxembourg in September 1944, the resistance organisations were highly sceptical about its legitimacy, in spite of which, it refused to resign, with the justification that it wished to wait for the return of the Grand Duchess.
_	When in 2011 the CBF recognized as Brazilian co-champion Flamengo in 1987, presented the justification that "the decision, made after new and convincing arguments presented by the legal department of Flamengo, the recognition that in 1987 there were two national championships, which had Sport and Flamengo as champions ".
_	This diaspora often later engaged in organized crime partly due to poverty and job discrimination, and the justification that they were only regaining the money that was stolen from them by the Russian elite in their homeland by its institutionalized discrimination.
_	As said above, José Luis Roberto was accused by "SOS Racismo" and others of racism and hate speech, although the judge ruled out said accusations under the justification that the slurs and racist expressions uttered during the gatherings were "mere generic disqualifications".
_	In early 2017, German Federal Ministry of Defence, in response to a petition championed by historian Wolfgang Proske and backed by politicians from the Left Party, defended the naming of barracks after Rommel, with the justification that the current state of research does not support their allegations.
_	And exactly this report did she deny with the justification that neither happened in her work!
_	These surveys were made with the justification that the defense of the American bases in Newfoundland and of the northeastern United States would be affected by a German military air base in Greenland.
_	For the sake of doing something that will work, or that successfully solves the problem, a previously agreed principle is knowingly compromised or disregarded - with the justification that alternative actions would, overall, have a worse effect.
_	Britain's prime minister, Margaret Thatcher, allowed the U.S. Air Force to use Britain's air bases to launch the attack, on the justification that the UK was supporting America's right to self-defense under Article 51 of the United Nations Charter.
_	Morgan Jeffery of "Digital Spy" also ranks the episode 11 of 13, with the justification that there are "issues with how far we're expected to sympathise along the way, adding up to a general whiff of nastiness as the dust settles."
_	The decision to award the contract for the redevelopment to the company without putting it out to tender, on the justification that the project was non-profit, sparked controversy locally.
_	The term 'Nothing to hide, nothing to fear brigade' is used in regards to people who support increased state surveillance - particularly in the UK - with the justification that only people who are willingly committing crimes would need to worry about being under scrutiny.
_	Nearing retirement he suffers a drastic decrease in sales work, a dissatisfying marriage, and a turbulent relationship with his sons which inexorably leads to his suicide with the justification that the insurance will finally provide for his family.
_	Universities and schools largely run by the Church forbade the non-white population to enroll, under the justification that they were "unworthy of being educated".
_	At first Croatia was unwilling to extradite Perković under the justification that its constitution prohibited it ( all political crimes fall barred after 2002 ).
_	Though it draws heavily from feminist legal theory, feminist interventions in the philosophy of law differs from the more common feminist jurisprudence as it also seeks to explain the justification that a government has in interfering with the lives of its citizenry.
_	The record simply does not support the justification that streets were built according to traffic needs and usage.
_	Ukraine now living in mainly Northern Greece fighting with Donetsk separatist forces on the justification that their war represents a struggle for Christian Orthodoxy against the forces of what they often describe as "schismatics" and "fascists".
_	The law passed despite the protest, under the justification that in such difficult times it was impossible to support families having two jobs when there were so many people who had none at all.
_	And in September 2006 he excluded him from the company with the justification that Benseddik: "Disrespected and harassed the king" during the monarch's visit to Moulay Yacoub.
_	In 1976, the Geographical Names Board of New South Wales approved the name 'Raby', using the justification that the new suburb was to be located off Raby Road, which for more than 150 years had trailed across the hills linking the old Riley family property to Campbelltown.
_	Using a clause in the Danish constitution that the king appointed and dismissed the Danish cabinet, and using the justification that he felt the Danish population was at odds with Zahle's politics, the king dismissed Zahle and asked Otto Liebe to form the Cabinet of Liebe to manage the country until a parliamentary election could be held and a new cabinet formed.
_	Former President of eFront Jerry Ziegler accused Jain of deliberately falsifying affiliate data, using tactics such as submitting companies which didn't respond to his affiliate offer as affiliates with the justification that "[i]f they won't respond to me, they won't respond to anyone."
_	Clark's legacy to Vic was the justification that they always "did more good than bad".
_	Unlike the original series, which took place in San Francisco, California, the reunion was set and filmed in Denver, Colorado, with the justification that the character Ed Brown had become the city's deputy chief of police.
_	Mosques have been demolished and shut down by the Tajikistan government on the justification that they were not registered and therefore not considered as mosques by the government.
_	The weight of authority suggests this is possible, either through subrogation, or on the justification that the assets of a recipient who pays off a debt on a thing are "swollen".
_	They engage in the arson of sperm-banks, vandalism of 'patriachial symbols' such as churches and monuments, theft of food and equipment (on the justification that women should be hunters not gatherers) and murder of male impersonators and trans men.
_	Among other things, the law legalized divorce, on the justification that individuals should be allowed to separate from partners legally who might not be "fit" enough to reproduce.
_	In 1945 she was arrested and tried for perjury, under the justification that she had lied about her sex on her marriage license and was impersonating a woman.
_	Using the justification that the Incas had "broken the inviolate law observed by all nations of the world regarding ambassadors" the new Viceroy, Francisco de Toledo, Count of Oropesa, decided to attack and conquer Vilcabamba.
_	Cambodians of Chinese descent were massacred by the Khmer Rouge under the justification that they "used to exploit the Cambodian people".
