_	The selective approach also reflected the knowledge that assimilation of foreign technology could present problems because of the low level of Chinese military technology and lack of qualified personnel.
_	The artist's despair may be caused by "the impossibility of emulating the greatness of the past", by the knowledge that all things must decay, or by a sense of unfulfilled longing and dislocation.
_	Architect Robert Faehmel's secretary, Leonore, describes Robert and the knowledge that something in her routine life is not ordinary.
_	The autobiography includes the outcome of Ross' crack cocaine dealing, his conviction of conspiracy to illegally traffic cocaine, and the knowledge that the money Ross paid drug supplier Danilo Blandón funded the Nicaraguan rebels in the Contra scandal, which Ross learned of while in prison when he was informed by "San Jose Mercury-News" reporter Webb.
_	Only later does Ullas comes to the knowledge that Laya is a chronic alcoholic.
_	Chandogya Upanishad, in chapter 4.4 for example, declares that it is only through "guru" that one attains the knowledge that matters, the insights that lead to Self-knowledge.
_	In other words, it is impossible to aggregate all the knowledge that exists.
_	The Union Pacific still continued to collect their ground rent, and the knowledge that the miners had of the company that was ruling the camp at that time deterred them from beautifying their homes as they desired.
_	For example, the authors challenged a claim by Pinker that children are born with innate domain-specific knowledge of the principles of grammar, by questioning how the knowledge that Pinker suggests might actually be encoded in the genes.
_	With the knowledge that PKU could be detected before symptoms were evident, and treatment initiated, screening was quickly adopted around the world.
_	He made the top score of 142 in the second innings, in the knowledge that he had been dropped for the 3rd Test.
_	The officials learn that several other Martian missiles are heading towards Britain, and prepare a military retaliation with the aid of their chief scientists and engineers, and the knowledge that, if Britain should fall, the rest of the world is sure to follow.
_	After gaining the knowledge that Golitzin’s main troops had a few kilometers earlier departed to the right and were coming from the north, Armfelt relocated his troops so that the brigades of Von Freidenfelt, Von Essen, Maidell and Yxkull were on the northern side of the river.
_	His interference includes trapping all the Decepticons in a spatial rift, with the knowledge that Unicron will soon attack Cybertron.
_	When Sue Ellen earlier showed up at her sister's apartment with the gun (looking for J.R.), Kristin calmly offered her a drink, with the knowledge that she was drunk and would most likely pass out.
_	The teacher already has the knowledge that he or she is trying to impart, but the way that knowledge is conveyed may not be the best for those without the knowledge already.
_	Raja Rai Singhji, was an expert in arts and architecture and the knowledge that he acquired during his several sojourns to several countries are amply reflected in the numerous monuments he built in the Junagarh fort.
_	Nicklin added: "The claimants now face trial secure in the knowledge that MGN has admitted liability, and has also publicly and privately apologised to them and expressed regret at what certain of its former employees did in the past”.
_	Colas (being a soothsayer) knows all about the problem, and comforts her with the knowledge that Bastien has not abandoned her, rather, he's merely been distracted lately by 'the lady of the manor'.
_	Instead, Marcus becomes close to Will after blackmailing him with the knowledge that "Ned" doesn't exist, and begins to treat him as a surrogate big brother.
_	Cookie demands that Lucious give her half of Empire and the A&R position with the knowledge that he used drug money to finance the company.
_	Governor General Lord Tweedsmuir (John Buchan), in an effort to foster Canadian identity, conceived of a royal tour by the country's monarchs; the Dominion Archivist (i.e. official historian) Gustave Lanctot wrote that this "probably grew out of the knowledge that at his coming Coronation, George VI was to assume the additional title of King of Canada."
_	Electro-olfactography has been used for decades to advance the basic science of smell, although the advances in molecular biology in recent decades have expanded olfactory science beyond the knowledge that the electrical recordings of electro-olfactography alone could provide.
_	Assembly formally adopted and funded measures to continue "the Synod's commitment to address racism in the church and society" and directing that the Synod design, implement and fund racism training through which participants can "develop a common analysis, an anti-racist identity, and the knowledge that will assist them in addressing, confronting, and working toward the dismantling of racism."
_	According to Digital Trends, former U.S. Secret Service special agent Rich Starpoli, who served Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton, says “with the knowledge that students could be wearing a Wearsafe-connected device, a college or university creates a significant deterring effect.
_	This would cause the Reality Quakes to leak over to our world, and the two dimensions would eventually fuse into a single dimension where reality can shift like sand; Smorkus Flinders sees this plan as an opportunity to get revenge on life for what it did to him, while the sadistic BKR simply wants to make others suffer, even with the knowledge that the Reality Quakes will affect him just as much as anyone else.
_	The poem contains both epithalamic and elegiac characteristics; Lucy is shown as wedded to nature, while her human lover is left alone to mourn in the knowledge that death has separated her from humanity.
_	This gave them all of the knowledge that they would need with weapons, tactics, actions, and strategies they needed to use in battles.
_	The strongest incentive was the knowledge that if he didn't flash, he might die.
_	In private, Lyta broods with the knowledge that the artifact was only one of many mistakes the Vorlons have made in the past.
_	While this has proved to be useful in some cases, it does not account well for the knowledge that is required for the structures to sustain themselves.
_	Chiang seriously considered accepting this offer, but declined only in the knowledge that the United States would certainly be outraged by the gesture.
_	That injury, coupled with the knowledge that the Yankees were set to bring up a rookie center fielder named Joe DiMaggio the next season, led to Combs' decision to retire at the age of 36.
_	This viewpoint may also be reinforced by the knowledge that Conrad's elder son, Borys, was wounded in the First World War.
_	With the knowledge that rescue ships would be eventually sent to them, the expedition remained hopeful, though expedition leaders struggled to keep them in high spirits.
_	Only with the knowledge that punishment is inevitable will these monsters fear to encroach on people’s lives and rights.
_	Nyayasutras defines inference as the knowledge that follows or derives from other knowledge.
_	This led the novelist Ian Fleming to refer to ""that extraordinary trademark of a dolls house swimming in chocolate fudge with Nottingham Castle written underneath."" in Thunderball in the knowledge that his British readers would be familiar with the image.
_	Describing his 57-day push, he wrote, "What drove me to continue then was the thought of countless people who had helped and supported me, and the knowledge that I could never face them if I gave up."
_	The principal counter-argument made by Viollet-le-Duc's defenders was that, without his prompt restorations, many of the buildings that he restored would have been lost, and that he did the best that he could with the knowledge that was then available.
_	In addition to the open nature of their marriage, Elswyth described in a 1940s interview with "Today's Woman" magazine that she enjoyed the knowledge that Beebe was attractive to women.
_	As a result, Philip's foreign policy in the Netherlands would be exercised through the strong-willed Archdukes, but in the knowledge that ultimately the Spanish Netherlands would return to him as king.
_	The court accused him of distributing small arms and ammunition in Butare and Gitarama with the knowledge that they would be used to massacre civilians.
_	For instance, in the above example, after solving the puzzles whose answers were BLACK, HAMMER, FROST, and KNIFE, and the metapuzzle answer JACK, a backsolver might, instead of solving the fifth puzzle, correctly guess UNION as its answer simply based on the knowledge that it must form a word or phrase with JACK.
_	He was docile and careful, anxious to receive the knowledge that was being imparted, because he considered it necessary for the good exercise of his Priesthood at the service of the suffering brothers.
_	Employees with the knowledge that their spot in the workplace is secured will naturally become less likely to improve their working ethics as they may no longer view improvement as a necessity.
_	To do this, all who participate in society must question its foundations and the knowledge that shapes it (Smith, 2007).
_	Moreover, the knowledge that such operations are being carried out greatly enhanced the morale of the combat aircrew faced not only with the expected hostile reaction of the enemy but with the possible danger of aircraft malfunction during long overwater flights.
_	The King raged against the Chapter and exiled several of the Canons, and Ivo of Chartres consoled it with the knowledge that it was canonically justified.
_	They were all convinced that Kořenský's travels will bring benefits in museum collections and in the knowledge that can be passed by Kořenský not only to children, but also to general public.
_	Thus, Dr. Pickering was one of the earliest researchers to employ ambulatory blood pressure (ABP) monitoring, and contributed to the knowledge that clinic blood pressure measures are prone to both unsystematic and systematic errors, and are hence less useful for the prediction of target organ damage and adverse cardiovascular events than ABP.
_	Probably his movements were hastened by the knowledge that the Royalists were making preparations to re-take Hereford.
_	On April 20, 1994, shortly after the arrest of Aldrich Ames, Eringer entered the country to meet with CIA defector Edward Lee Howard under conditions that Russia would consider espionage and with the knowledge that the FBI would disavow any connection to himself, or the operation.
_	Learning is beneficial in these scenarios because an animal can adapt to the new situation, but can still apply the knowledge that it learns for a somewhat extended period of time.
_	Aiah also stumbles onto the knowledge that at periodic intervals, a small hole opens up in the Shield through which plasm-based constructs can be sent.
_	Moreover, the knowledge that we have of the Ideas – when indeed we do have it – is of a higher order than knowledge of the mere physical world.
_	Then she is forced to confront the knowledge that he's from a different species entirely.
_	And to make matters worse the vampire begins to attack her family and she is forced to accept the knowledge that vampires of myth really do exist.
_	By her definition, authoritative knowledge is the knowledge that counts in a given situation, on the basis of which people make decisions and take actions.
_	When the more erotic version of the movie is stolen and shown on local television, the characters must confront the knowledge that their most private moments are now essentially public property.
_	Secure in the knowledge that his opinion had to give way to the Chief Censor's when he was Tanner's assistant, and to the Appeal Board when he became Chief Censor, von Keisenberg was happy to air his own dissenting, and generally somewhat conservative, views in public.
_	Written in the first person, the singer departs from the knowledge that the time of death is uncertain, and a good death needs preparation at all times.
_	Pontius was a star of the first magnitude himself during his college career and he seems to have the gift for imparting to others the knowledge that he learned while actively engaged in mussing up the scenery . . ."
_	This was done in the knowledge that many people loved the series and that it was quite profitable.
_	Alan dies in Gabrielle's arms, secure in the knowledge that she, unlike the rest, will escape her dead-end existence to pursue her dreams.
_	"The stated objective of the reforms was to increase living standards; a less publicly attested motivation was the knowledge that, with prices fixed and with demand increasing, goods had to be put into circulation to avoid rampant inflation."
_	It does all of this without making a show of its politics, instead resting easy on the knowledge that all too many women will relate to the subtleties of its premise."
_	During the Friday session, drivers were free to complete as much running as necessary to set a competitive lap time, but with the knowledge that their tyre allocation for the weekend was limited and that they would have to qualify on tyres that they would later use the race, the drivers had to balance their desire to set a fast time against the need to preserve as many tyres as possible for Sunday's race.
_	Since 1967, brides have been allowed to cross the Golan border, but they do so in the knowledge that the journey is a one-way trip.
_	Zach comes into the knowledge that Kendall agreed to act as the surrogate for Ryan and Greenlee's baby when Greenlee's chances of giving birth became non-existent.
_	But Akomaru was soon mortally injured by Shadam, limping into the cave collapsing on itself and dying in the embrace of his dying mother with the knowledge that he was loved.
_	This also challenges the trio to deal with the knowledge that the public story of the Antwar is far different from the true horror.
_	Ultimately, Brody was able to apprehend Thomas, allowing his mother to return to cryo-stasis, secure in the knowledge that when she awoke again, she would have nothing to fear.
_	Snow Falls cannot shake the knowledge that he murdered her family and rejects him as an adoptive father.
_	Kierkegaard's idea of the battle for the soul reminds one of John Bunyan's book, "The Holy War Made by King Shaddai Upon Diabolus, to Regain the Metropolis of the World, Or, The Losing and Taking Again of the Town of Mansoul" and the longing for the knowledge that knowledge can not bring reminds one of "The Pilgrim's Regress" by C.S. Lewis
_	The season also ended pleasantly with the knowledge that nearly 1,000 extra people had visited Nene Park that season for league games, seeing a rise in the average league attendance for the first time in years.
_	In 2003, Metzler approved a preliminary decision to have the Tomb replaced, citing a fear that some of the sculptural detail on the tomb might fall off in public and the knowledge that repair was not a long-term solution.
_	Scriptures symbolize the knowledge that can be obtained inside the temple if used properly.
_	He later claimed that Paisley, whom he referred to as "our Moses", had no idea of these plans and argued that he would not have trusted Paisley with the knowledge that the UPV was building up an arsenal.
_	When his loyal secretary Edna Birch (Shirley Stelfox) learned the truth about the showhouse disaster, Tom blackmailed her with the knowledge that she was not her son's real mother, but his aunt.
_	He saw no contradiction between belief in God and the knowledge that evolution is "a fact" and believed evolution should be taught in schools: "I don't see that I'm any less religious that I can appreciate the fact that science just records that we change with evolution and time, and that's a fact.
_	Under §299 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), "[...committer of] Culpable homicide" is defined as "Whoever causes death by doing an act with the intention of causing death, or with the intention of causing such bodily injury as is likely to cause death, or with the knowledge that he is likely by such act to cause death, commits the offence of culpable.
_	Oo are surprised at the knowledge that Klamkabot's absence of the teleportation power.
_	Parmenter, Ken Berry, is an accomplished dancer whose trademark is graceful athleticism, so the gag is accentuated by the knowledge that Berry is probably the most agile man on the show.
_	She knew little of the vicissitudes of the etcher, but she was on the way to learn, for, when the exhibition opened, her labor was represented only by an underbitten plate, an empty frame, the name in the catalogue of a never-finished etching, and the knowledge that etching represented patient labor as well as inspiration.
_	Often, Winchell even surpasses the knowledge that Mischief City's own inhabitants have of their world.
_	According to Norman, "bodhi" may basically have meant the knowledge that "nibbana" was attained, due to the practice of "dhyana".
_	As her impending death draws near, Stella encounters more apparitions of the dead of Goat Island, and she makes peace with the knowledge that it is her time to go.
_	But several obstacles remain in their way: the continuing villainy of Gwan-woong; the knowledge that it was Yeo-wool's father who killed Kang-chi's father; the reappearance of Wol-ryung who has turned into a soul-sucking demon with no memories who can only be killed by his son; and Sojung's warning that Yeo-wool is fated to die if she stays by the side of the man she meets beneath the blossoming peach tree under a crescent moon, which is none other than Kang-chi himself.
_	With the explosion of new information about the role of the innate immune system over the last two decades, and with the knowledge that the innate immune system was intact in the nude mice that Stutman had used, Schreiber repeated these experiments using a strain of mice he bred to lack both innate and adaptive immunity.
_	Kirk kept many secrets from Eden, the most serious being the knowledge that she was not the one who had disconnected her father from life support.
_	Everything is enhanced just by the knowledge that its all connected."
_	COMET is aimed at making the knowledge that patients already know more easily retrieved from long-term memory by strengthening the retrieval of functional representations that are in competition with dysfunctional representations.
_	Waging a war of attrition in his Overland Campaign against Robert E. Lee, Grant was willing to suffer previously unacceptable losses with the knowledge that the Union Army had replacement soldiers available, whereas the Confederates did not.
_	Knowing that the army already had a full quota of despatch riders, Butlin intended to volunteer for service in that category in the knowledge that although his application would be declined he would still receive an "I volunteered" badge for his actions without actually having to serve.
_	However, due to the knowledge that people would inherently commit these sins, the church set up a system to absolve one’s sins, although enforcement sometimes wavered.
_	Due to the ever-strong demand for tickets to the Showdown, the AFL have traditionally fixtured the game in undesirable time slots with the knowledge that a good crowd will show up regardless.
_	Academic global skepticism has great difficulty in supporting this claim while maintaining philosophical rigor, since it seems to require that nothing can be known—except for the knowledge that nothing can be known, though in its probabilistic form it can use and support the notion of weight of evidence.
_	West holds himself responsible for America's fate, though Brian comforts him with the knowledge that West was not in control of his actions, having been brainwashed by the Soviets.
_	Here, "conscientia" is the knowledge that a witness has of the deed of someone else.
_	It is possible that Cohl's obvious hostility to his visitors was the result of the knowledge that they were on opposite sides in the Dreyfus Affair.
_	Although the perception of support availability is associated with better adjustment, the knowledge that one has been the recipient of specific supportive acts has often been unhelpful to effectively reduce stress.
_	Hattar, armed with the knowledge that melanopsin was the photopigment responsible for the photosensitivity of ipRGCs, set out to study the exact role of the ipRGC in photoentrainment.
_	Since spatial properties are reliable indicators of "location" in a spatial file manager, the user may build up a familiar work environment by arranging commonly used windows, secure in the knowledge that this state will be preserved and will always map to the expected locations.
_	Lance Armstrong's role was written in the knowledge that he might not want to be involved, but after being contacted by Samberg, the cyclist agreed to take part.
_	In her view, the SONFR leader making "a public show" of her compassion toward Romanian soldiers, while secure in the knowledge that Grigore Cantacuzino was in favor with the Germans.
_	Memory of her earlier lives also provides the means of doing that: the knowledge that by befriending Eva Braun - in 1930 an obscure shop girl in Munich - Ursula would be able to get close to Hitler with a loaded gun in her bag; the inevitable price, however, is to be herself shot to death by Hitler's Nazi followers immediately after killing him.
_	More specifically, greater activation in the sensorimotor cortex in older individuals and less in younger adults may reflect differences in the knowledge that is used to retrieve the target information.
_	The multiple choice questions (MCQs) will be based on the MBBS syllabus, as will the knowledge that needs to be acquired during the internship period, which is also described in said regulations.
_	Granville is looking forward to it, but Arkwright's anticipation is tempered by the knowledge that Gladys' mother will be there.
_	The clubs met in a 2005–06 Scottish Cup semi-final, in the knowledge that victory would lead to a final against Gretna, who were a Second Division club.
_	After apprehending Joker, Superman and Batman confront Martin Mayne, Garret Remington's boss, with the knowledge that he is the one who gave the tip to Joker in order to increase his newspaper's sales.
_	At least fifteen were killed in this attack, which is thought to have been motivated by the knowledge that if the Akuntsu were officially contacted the forest would be declared an indigenous reserve and closed off to logging and cattle ranching.
_	Gariepy wanted to produce a purer product, based on the knowledge that the RCM’s refinery was considered the best in the world for quality.
_	Dope stars' lead singer and Gigaheart's producer, Victor Love stated that his experience of recording and producing tracks gave him the knowledge that enabled him to produce the album.
_	Although they lacked the military training and efficiency of his old crew, because they were so few in number, he was able to get to know them personally to an extent that he could not get to know his previous, far larger crews; that, added to the emotional vulnerability he felt at being stranded 300 years in his own future, the knowledge that the civilization he had lived in all his life had collapsed (and he, a military officer pledged to defend it, had failed to save it) and the pain of being betrayed by his first officer and closest friend, meant that Dylan bonded with them to a far greater extent than he had ever done in the Commonwealth, resulting in them becoming more like a family to him than a simple crew.
_	Eighty people are horrified to wake in a strange institutional setting, with the only common factors between them the knowledge that prior to their abductions they witnessed a sudden flash of white light, and that they were all on a certain block in Los Angeles.
_	I cannot describe the knowledge that struck during that call except to say that the breath of mortality, bearing at this moment on the person closest to me, came suddenly and radically near."
_	Defeats in the following two matches led chairman Martin Lange to act and sack manager Fred Callaghan on 2 February, though he paid tribute to Callaghan by stating that Callaghan could "leave the club proud in the knowledge that he leaves the club far better equipped than when he arrived".
_	But it was first and foremost as a painter that he was admired within his own time, and as a painter, he drew on the knowledge that he gained from all his other interests.
_	A few days later, Len finds out that Edna has become a recluse ever since her report against the Kings were unsuccessful and later discovers that Tom had recently blackmailed her with the knowledge that her son had belonged to her sister whom Edna had refused to give back; this revelation prompted Edna to throw Len out of her home when she insisted on being alone.
_	The essay encompassed much of the knowledge that her employer and professor Isadore Gilbert Mudge had acquired while supplying interlibrary loans over the course of her career.
_	Richard Bernstein of "The New York Times" was unfavorable toward the work; he stated that there were "extraordinary scenes", but argued that "when the end comes, the viewer is left [...] with the vague unsettled feeling that, aside from gaining the knowledge that exile is emptiness, two and a half hours in the presence of much onscreen joylessness has produced little satisfaction."
_	This test is hybrid, drawing both on the actual subjective knowledge that the accused had in his or her mind at the time the "actus reus" of driving occurred, and on the knowledge that would have been in the mind of a reasonable person (see "mens rea" and criminal negligence for discussion on the nature of these tests and the scope of the reasonable person).
_	Further evidence for this comes from the knowledge that GSTP can selectively inhibit C-jun phosphorylation by JNK, preventing apoptosis.
_	The student eventually masters the knowledge that the guru embodies.
_	The sound due to the high rate of pumped air deafened and hurt the miner's ears, but provided hope by the knowledge that rescuers knew where they were.
_	The main purpose of starting the show was to share the knowledge that Subhash Chandra had gained from 50 years of his business experience as suggested to him by his father.
_	It was a daring thing to do – I mean it was daring in one to get up with the knowledge that you must talk for a half an hour on Threshing Machines.
_	This knowledge, coupled with the knowledge that fish morphology is more heavily influenced by feeding niche than phylogeny, allowed a 2017 study to infer the body shape of "D. terrelli".
_	It is therefore not unusual that Aṅgulimāla is described to do his teacher's horrible bidding—although being a good and kind person at heart—in the knowledge that in the end he will reap the highest attainment.
_	"When I began this small treatise, it was for my sole satisfaction, so as not to lose memory of the knowledge that I had acquired by means of long toil, and by divers experiments repeated several times.
_	Contract law provides a legal framework within which persons can transact business and exchange resources, secure in the knowledge that the law will uphold their agreements and, if necessary, enforce them.
_	The first indication of settlement at Crediton is the knowledge that Winfrith or Saint Boniface was born here in c. 672.
_	Desiring to find out all they can about Baxley, and bearing the knowledge that the future of the Queendom of Vastia depended on it, the three travel to Maidenmere, Aldwyn's birthplace.
_	Soon after being initiated, the project became the subject of harsh criticisms by indigenous activists and Mexican intellectuals who questioned how knowledge obtained from individual Maya could be patented by researchers or foreign pharmaceutical companies, how the PROMAYA NGO established by the Berlins and under their control could be considered representative of the many different Maya communities in Chiapas, and how it was possible for the knowledge that had been collective property of the Maya peoples to become suddenly privatized without the prior consent of each of the individual initual holders of the knowledge.
_	With the knowledge that it was inspired by queer youths and friends gunned down in the act of coming together and enjoying themselves, it becomes almost unbearably poignant.
_	Now the whole world has to operate under the knowledge that there are these cool, curated festivals where everyone is treated well and the experience is a generally pleasant one."
_	Through using the epibenthic sled the knowledge that there is high diversity in the deep sea is now well established.
_	In the same year, the OUSA passed a motion to 'recognise and publicise the knowledge that alcohol use is more harmful than cannabis use'.
_	By barring recovery against Wells Fargo for the losses incurred by borrowers as a result of its hardball tactics, the court enabled Wells Fargo to continue providing credit at low interest rates, secure in the knowledge that it could aggressively pursue defaulting borrowers without risking tort liability.
_	They have done so secure in the knowledge that if they fall into the hands of the enemy, they will not be forgotten.
_	Rimmer was distraught at the knowledge that the only woman he ever loved actually loved Lister, and is unwilling to cope with his pain any more, despite Lister's urging that he shouldn't go through life without experiencing love.
_	Melancon wrote Edwards that he had "accepted your appointment in the spirit of public service without the knowledge that I would be responsible for turning around a troubled state agency.
_	At first Brendan is finally at peace with the knowledge that his father is gone but unfortunately Joel's not a very good murderer.
_	Further consistent with this structural hypothesis is the knowledge that suramin - a polysulfated drug (with substantial corresponding negative charge) has been found to inhibit sperm-zona pellucida binding.
_	Based on the knowledge that TsIV belongs to the family of α-toxins, it is likely that the effect of TsIV on the inactivation of sodium channels is preceded by the binding of TsIV to site 3 of the sodium channel.
_	The second part of the definition concerns the knowledge that the value of a cash flow is time-related, given the term "present value".
_	These gatherings both promoted the Whig ticket and were themselves entertainment for the participants, thus attracting even more attendees; as New York Governor William H. Seward, a Whig, put it, "nothing attracts a crowd so rapidly as the knowledge that there is a crowd already."
_	It maintains that the importance of knowledge consists not only in its direct practical utility but also in the fact that it promotes a widely contemplative habit of mind; on this ground, utility is to be found in much of the knowledge that is nowadays labelled 'useless.'
_	Huw Bennett of King's College London, who had worked with Anderson on the Chuka massacre, said in a witness statement to the court that the new documents "considerably strengthen" the knowledge that the British Army were "intimately involved" with the colonial security forces, whom they knew were "systematically abusing and torturing detainees in screening centres and detention camps".
_	In this version, one can apply the Bellman pseudospectral method at even lower number of nodes even under the knowledge that the solution may not have converged to the optimal one.
_	A large crowd greeted the two rivals back up to Sydney and despite Melbourne coming into the game 2-1 up, the knowledge that the last time they had come up to Sydney they had lost the Premiership 2-0.
_	She says that the man who did give it to her evidently did so in the knowledge that on foot he would probably be caught and could be hanged.
_	With the knowledge that the natives in Latin America were made to blend culturally with the Spaniards when they arrived, the similarity of Latin American stories to Spanish stories must be considered.
_	However, since music cognition is a newly developing area of interest in the neuroscientific community, a lot more research is yet to be done and the knowledge that currently exists is vague and indefinitive.
_	She killed herself because she felt betrayed by her husband, and could not live with the knowledge that her husband had used the scientific processes in which they had created together for evil rather than for the original purpose of establishing a more productive society.
_	Karaoke is a British television drama written by Dennis Potter with the knowledge that he was dying from cancer of the pancreas.
_	In his emails to his enemy Raposo after the meeting in the Peace Arch Park, Sandham adopted a mocking, condescending tone of superiority, as he was secure in the knowledge that Houston was on his side.
_	With the knowledge that their days in Candlestick Park were numbered, the 1999 season ended with a series of promotions and tributes.
_	'The logic of dandyism as a mode of conceptual art assumes a view of the dandy not as engaged in a foppish, decadent pursuit but as an attempt to get over class distinction by creating one's own aristocracy, doing what aristocrats do but doing it better, secure in the knowledge that their order and the natural superiority it implies is on a false premise.
_	Thus the practical application in each of these cases in the consistent application of God's absolute prohibition and then comfort derivered from the knowledge that greatest good is dependent upon our obedience of God.""
_	But with the knowledge that Sabre products are inferior and will illuminate the fact that the store is a failure, he plans to sandbag it at a high-level meeting of the Sabre company board, and also strongly hints that, despite liking Dwight, he is going to fire him over it.
_	The film offers a behind-the-scenes look at a single father haunted by the knowledge that a child molester held his daughter within earshot for three days.
_	Elizabeth Reis, reviewing the book in American Journal of Bioethics, states that the book identifies risk of incontinence, fistulas, scarring and lack of physical sensation arising from surgical intervention, and the psychological harm caused by the knowledge that "one's genitals are 'wrong,' requiring constant medical scrutiny and 'fixing'.
_	This, plus the knowledge that a large body of Japanese troops was in the process of relocating to Koli Point after the defeat in the Henderson Field battle, led the Americans to believe that the Japanese were about to conduct a major attack on the Lunga Perimeter from the Koli Point area.
_	However she decides that "it would be a sin against Charity to hide the knowledge that God has given me, which may be of benefit to the world".
_	However, with the knowledge that TLR activation is not required for the immune-enhancing effects caused by common adjuvants, we can conclude that there are, in all likelihood, other receptors besides TLRs that have not yet been characterized, opening the door to future research.
_	Nevertheless, Miller's first A. P. assignment may arguably have been the most important job he ever held as it was in Columbus that he acquired and first applied the knowledge that allowed him to excel as an "A.P. man."
_	Information is simply the knowledge that a change of the user output would be beneficial (for the system, community, society).
_	Dhamma is the knowledge that is utilized and verified by individuals who seek to refine the quality of life.
_	It is also unclear whether Teddy has truly regressed, or if he wishes to "die" (at the very least, lose his ability for conscious thought, through lobotomy) in order to avoid living with the knowledge that his wife murdered their children and he is her murderer.
_	In 833, after Li Deyu became chancellor to replace Niu, there was a time when Emperor Wenzong complimented the knowledge that Yin You (殷侑) had about the classics, comparing him to Zheng.
_	When Bruce relates to Alfred that his only solace is the knowledge that she would have waited for him, Alfred decides to burn the note, sparing Bruce the pain of the truth.
_	In a phone interview with "The Baltimore Sun", Conaway claimed to have deciphered artwork at the Walters Art Museum and said that it was "part of my duties as a Christian" to try and "spread the knowledge that I have".
_	Icebot had injected it with the knowledge that Grimlord syphoned from Tyler Steele, making it more powerful.
_	Worse still, the Viet Minh lacked advanced medical care, with one stating that "Nothing strikes at combat morale like the knowledge that if wounded, the soldier will go uncared for".
_	She has Vera affirm this accusation since she has the knowledge that Vera euthanized her sick mother.
_	The only thing that gives me pause is the knowledge that its success will probably be used in the future as an argument to ignore the intentions of other directors, but with far less happy results."
_	When the kilogram was defined, the knowledge that a "pied du Roi cube" filled with water masses exactly 70 French pounds was apparently lost.
_	There is no rational explanation and no elucidation based on Torah wisdom whatsoever for the Devastation, nothing but the knowledge that "thus it arises in My [God's] Mind!" and "It is a decree before Me."
_	Safe in the knowledge that Sarah is on her way, JP sets about seducing Craig.
_	Deeply troubled by the knowledge that she is effectively ordering the deaths of her crew, Captain Janeway discusses the issue with them, but they too decide that destroying the Borg's transwarp hub is more important than returning to Earth, as without it, the Borg's ability to travel across the galaxy will be severely hampered and countless lives will be saved.
_	The story contains hope since it begins with the knowledge that the children are grown-up, so there could be a way out of their poverty as soon as they get a job.
_	This was meant to deal with the objection by some critics of Russell's theory that a descriptive theory of meaning would make the referent of a name dependent on the knowledge that the person saying the name has about the referent.
_	But all of these opportunities were impossible, given the opposition within the administration and the knowledge that McClellan posed a potential political threat.
_	He believes that the character's life on a larger scale has caused him mental illness, and opines that "the knowledge that nothing matters—while accurate—gets you nowhere."
_	Months later he was called-up for the Olympic team by Nadhim Shaker, Sidka’s assistant but with the knowledge that the player had previously applied for a visa with a passport noting the year of birth as 1983, making him ineligible to play at Under 23 level, the coach Nadhim Shaker decided to omit the player so the Iraq FA would not suffer any sanctions from the AFC or FIFA.
_	Despite the knowledge that 1 helicopter had been downed by intense hostile fire, Capt. Fleming descended, and balanced his helicopter on a river bank with the tail boom hanging over open water.
_	This may have been one of the reasons why she gave financial assistance to her niece Arbella Stuart, who was also first cousin to the King, in 1610, with the knowledge that the latter was planning to elope to the Continent with her cousin William Seymour.
_	This often seems to heighten the senses of the viewer in the knowledge that the work may not be viewable again, in any other place, at any other time.
_	In some cases, the knowledge that a problem can be proved in a polynomial time has led researchers to search and find an actual polynomial-time algorithm that solves the problem in an entirely different way.
_	In most implicit learning experiments, participants show that they have gained relevant information but are unable to verbalize the knowledge that they have gained.
_	With his love of the English language and the knowledge that he was "good with paper" Schuster decided to join Civil Service, with the intention of becoming a Permanent Secretary.
_	A fortnight's negotiations—aided by the knowledge that the balance of Shubrick's force was nearby ready to launch offensive operations should such measures be needed—resolved the disputes to Bowlin's satisfaction, and the two American steamers headed downriver on 10 February.
_	In April 1306, the infante John, against the advice of Maria de Molina, induced the king to declare war officially against Juan Núñez II de Lara in the knowledge that Diego Lopez would support his ally.
_	His painstaking earnestness as a teacher, his obvious desire to further their botanical studies, the knowledge that soon spread of the hours spent in preparation for his class, and especially in the preparation of the wonderfully skilful and instructive illustrations that from day to day appeared on the blackboard, and the numberless evidences of his courteous and generous disposition, gained for him, not only respect, but also warm and grateful affection.
_	"Edge" wrote that the game world was "an absolute, and unremitting, pleasure to get lost in" and that "the magic of being given all the tools in the opening hour is the knowledge that the solution to any problem is already at your disposal, and you can always change tack".
_	It allowed him to rely on simple strategies rather than complicated battle plans, certain in the knowledge that his subordinates would support one another in achieving the overall objective and be confident enough to use their own initiative when required.
_	One reason for Shackleton's sense of urgency was the knowledge that the Polish explorer Henryk Arctowski was planning an expedition, which was announced at the RGS on the same day as Shackleton's.
_	Her eyes fill with tears when she learns that the reason Chuck chose his spy training over her in Prague is because of the encouragement she herself gave him, the knowledge that he had the chance to do something good, and that he knew he had to make a sacrifice to protect everyone including his friends, family and Sarah.
_	With the knowledge that Ted knows the truth and is taking a break from her, Belisa is left broken-hearted.
_	Cooperative inquiry creates a research cycle among four different types of knowledge: propositional knowing (as in contemporary science), practical knowing (the knowledge that comes with actually doing what you propose), experiential knowing (the feedback we get in real time about our interaction with the larger world) and presentational knowing (the artistic rehearsal process through which we craft new practices).
_	The poem is about her living with the knowledge that she would not get to see her mother again.
_	For example, if the topic is Football Clubs, a player might choose Leeds United (118) over answers such as Wycombe Wanderers (193) or Wolverhampton Wanderers (289), in the knowledge that whilst Leeds United scores less, other players are unlikely to choose it for exactly that reason and therefore it is probable that it will be a unique answer.
_	In the knowledge that ten days beforehand Hitler had become chancellor of Germany, he continued:
_	Instead, the producers decided that contestants would leave the series with the knowledge that they survived a number of physically and mentally daunting challenges.
_	For the knowledge that will guide our lives
_	The "Post"'s reporter suggested that, despite the provocation, Jenkyns should not have reacted the way he did, but "the knowledge that it cost his side the game" was sufficient punishment.
_	Micro-changes cause and then are impacted by holistic changes, in much the same way that individual football players cause a team (as a whole) to win games, causing the individuals to gain confidence from the knowledge that they are part of a winning team.
_	Before being sent on active service, he attempts to seduce Virginia, secure in the knowledge that the Catholic Church still regards her as his wife; she refuses him.
_	When Blanca Lilia gives birth to a girl, she decides to visit Ana and hands over the girl, making this sacrifice in the knowledge that she can never be a real mother for the girl now that the shadow of the crime will always remain with her.
_	The letters indicate this is not merely an issue of communication, stating:"The majority of parishioners in St. Albert's parish share the knowledge that the parish is in a state of decline.
_	He used the knowledge that he gained to promote economic activities for the poor and rural people in his area.
_	He leaves Luke with the knowledge that "there is another Skywalker".
_	It is thus a defence for the defendant to raise sufficient doubt about whether he took, made, distributed, showed or possessed an image without the knowledge that the image was, or was likely to be:
_	The women said his imprisonment gave them only the knowledge that he could not physically touch them again, the suffering he caused will continue for many years and they now have to concentrate on finding the strength to rebuild their lives.
_	Though they were prepared to "lose" twenty Earth years during their journey and spend five on board the ship, the knowledge that they are being carried further and further into the future has various effects on the psychology of the characters.
_	The content of the released communications said that the lane closures were ordered with the knowledge that they would cause a massive traffic jam.
_	Despite the knowledge that a sponsorship with British Aerospace was to see the team renamed the Hawks for the 1993–94 season, the Seahawks' place in the history books was assured.
_	In spite of this and with the knowledge that he was posted as wanted by the Gestapo, he displayed a complete disregard of personal danger and traveled extensively in order to visit a large number of contacts and leaders - themselves marked men - in order to make sure of the sound foundation of his plans.
_	Returning to Pearl Harbor with the knowledge that she had contributed materially to the victory in the Pacific, Pargo assumed post-war duties as part of the squadron based there.
_	The joy of promotion and sense of achievement was mixed with the knowledge that much hard work would have to be done for the club to stay in the top flight.
_	They began to include the arts and sciences into their schooling, rather than just the knowledge that is considered necessary for only a career in the military.
_	After experiencing the frisson of delightful terror one may feel from reading ghost stories or watching horror movies, Matheson notes that people "can return to the safe world of their homes, secure in the knowledge that the phenomenon in question cannot follow.
_	Knowledge management is the definition of the knowledge that employees and systems use to perform their functions and maintaining it in a format that can be accessed by others.
_	Thomas Louis Schubeck says that, in Aristotle's view, the knowledge that guides ethical political activity does not belong to "theoria".
_	He is in a sexual relationship with Kanoe, but is amused by the knowledge that Satsuki has a crush on him; he sees the latter as a sort of younger sister and protegée, and attempts to educate her about emotions.
_	The two civil servants are heartened by the knowledge that they will each be getting a £26,000 per annum rise, and Sir Humphrey is confident that he can rush it through Cabinet as the last item on the agenda.
_	Example items include "I try to pass along the knowledge that I have gained through my experiences", "I have a responsibility to improve the neighborhood in which I live", and (reversed) "In general, my actions do not have a positive effect on other people."
_	The two, now friends, say their goodbyes and Buffy is left with a new outlook on her position as the slayer, as well as the knowledge that she is no longer alone in her calling.
_	Contact was made with a railway guard halfway down the descent during which the climbers called back that everything was all right (perhaps from pride and the knowledge that they were close to safety).
_	The resolution to stay in the neighbourhood of Metz was based on the knowledge that if the slow-moving French army ventured far out it would infallibly be headed off and brought to battle in the open by superior numbers.
_	To these, the knowledge that Montreal is without Drury’s will bring a sense of loss.
_	"It is a celebration of noise," writes Katz, "and no doubt part of the pleasure it brought to DJs came from the knowledge that it annoyed the older generation."
_	Susan Garrett struggled with the knowledge that she was the biological mother of 10-year-old Jerry Karr, who had been adopted years before by Lena Gilroy, an actress.
_	Linden wakes up in the "real" world, finding Covenant dead, as expected, but takes comfort in the knowledge that through his love, she has redeemed both herself and the Land.
_	Design of these interventions must be undertaken with the knowledge that “consumer needs and preferences are complex and are influenced by many contextual and social factors that require a deep understanding of culture, going beyond technology and economics.”
_	Garak also states that Sisko can ease his conscience with the knowledge that the Alpha quadrant may have been saved at the cost of the life of one Romulan senator, one criminal and the self respect of one Starfleet officer, which he calls a bargain.
_	With the knowledge that the Red Skulls are working with "Die Spinne", the Fortune Hunters proceed to Chicago, which is the Red Skulls' home base.
_	Kenneth has discussed this peculiar fetish with his father, who knows women, and received the knowledge that some smaller women must do it to show they are women, and not fully matured girls, the perception they give off.
_	Even when a suspect does not give permission to search, police are often known to state in arrest affidavits and even provide sworn testimony that the suspect consented to the search, secure in the knowledge that a judge will normally weigh all questions of credibility in favour of law enforcement and against the accused.
_	She fled to Italy, where she acquired the knowledge that would later be used in Shakespeare's Italian plays.
_	At the time, United States civilians who chose to serve their country by entering foreign service did so with the knowledge that their current coverage in life insurance was largely vitiated by restrictive clauses covering travel in war zones, overseas aviation, etc.
_	From material recovered he added the knowledge that mortise and tenon joints had been used in their construction.
_	These facts were revealed in 2011 along with the knowledge that most contestants quit their jobs before entering the competition and faced seeking re-employment once eliminated from the show.
_	The episode was written without the knowledge that "Stargate SG-1" would be picked up for a tenth season.
_	He dies in the knowledge that killer hunters will die through the agency of others that hunt to kill.
_	Author Matthew Peterson of "Major Spoilers", gave issue #50 a 4 out of 5 stars, saying "the saddest part of all of this is the knowledge that it's all perfectly correct, giving Jack not only an ending, but the kind of classical old-school ending that Jack deserves, in all senses of the word."
_	When the Howlers next attack, the Animorphs use Jake in Howler morph to stun one of them and force the entire combined memories of the eight of them (the Animorphs plus Erek and Guide) into the Howlers, along with the knowledge that the non-Howlers are real beings.
_	However Agnes death seems to give her some closure thanks to the knowledge that Stanley chose to remain faithful to her and their marriage.
_	Social support is giving a person the knowledge that they are part of a mutual network of caring, interested others, that enable them to lower levels of stress and be better able to cope with the stress that they undergo.
_	"It was a real dream, but also done in the knowledge that it would be only for two or three years, and I could put my job on hold.
_	Although the term was originally—and still is—used in legal contexts, the phrase "willful ignorance" has come to mean any situation in which people intentionally turn their attention away from an ethical problem that is believed to be important by those using the phrase (for instance, because the problem is too disturbing for people to want it dominating their thoughts, or from the knowledge that solving the problem would require extensive effort).
_	This direct contact with the fact and the knowledge that this fact makes a proposition true is what is meant by knowledge by acquaintance.
_	Jess is desperately trying to cope with the knowledge that her grandfather is dying, and she does her best to help him finish the painting that is so important to him.
_	This was a far cry from the knowledge that was necessary before when Mobile Unit distribution clerks were expected to know the routing for several thousand post offices in their assignment.
_	It was felt that whilst other charities were covering research, patient care, diet and smoking, there was little being done to inform the medical community about the Public Health implications of human exposure to chemicals; this rationale was bolstered by the knowledge that pharmaceuticals are highly evaluated and regulated whereas many synthetic chemicals are not.
_	The surprise stems from the knowledge that corals are long lived, with lifespans on the order of decades, and do not have adaptive immune systems.
_	Throughout the New Adventures, the Seventh Doctor is tormented by the knowledge that he might become the Valeyard, with it being implied that his potential presence in the Doctor's mind drove the Sixth Doctor to commit 'suicide' by allowing the TARDIS to be caught in the Rani's tractor beam.
_	Wickham prudently asks Mrs. Gardiner if she personally knows the Darcy family, and his distress at the knowledge that Elizabeth has met Colonel Fitzwilliam at Rosings, and that her opinion on Darcy has changed is visible to the audience.
_	After returning from the baseball game, Michael expresses a sense of freedom and power from the knowledge that he is having sex with another man's wife.
_	Brady was sentenced to three concurrent life sentences and Hindley was given two, plus a concurrent seven-year term for harbouring Brady in the knowledge that he had murdered John Kilbride.
_	Not until the evening of 22 May did he share his intention to breach the Denmark Strait with his captains; perhaps encouraged in the knowledge that the British Force H would now be engaged in the beginning Battle of Crete.
_	Attendance at whare wānanga was a great privilege, with stringent selection processes ensuring that only the most capable students were chosen to receive the knowledge that was to be shared.
_	The only satisfaction Stampl got from the publicity was the knowledge that it would encourage more athletes to train with him.
_	Her harshest criticism is reserved for those, like herself, who "just watch," and she concludes with the observation that all these ladies are bound together by a terror that comes with the knowledge that "everybody dies."
_	The model is based on the knowledge that low pressure systems at the surface are steered by the fast ribbons (jet streams) of air in the upper atmosphere.
_	He might also say that it was a very easy thing for scientific gentlemen to get quietly into a train and make experiments, with the knowledge that the result could bring them into no trouble, and then to say what they could do about stopping a train.
_	Brownlee was concerned that such guarantees would encourage lenders to make loans at higher interest rates, with the knowledge that the provincial government would pay them if the farmers defaulted.
_	Using pictures and storytelling in both books and murals he strives to communicate hope and the knowledge that kids and families have the power to make change in their own communities.
_	In 2006, the RPA were criticised for allowing the Red Line to be opened, in the knowledge that parts of the track support of line were faulty in regards to track support.
_	"Culpable homicide" is: Whoever causes death by doing an act with the intention of causing death, or with the intention of causing such bodily injury as is likely to cause death, or with the knowledge that he is likely by such act to cause death, commits the offence of culpable homicide.
_	The club paid the £500 registration fee to sign him permanently, in the knowledge that his cricket commitments meant he would miss the last four games anyway.
_	PC Gamer was critical, stating that "There's a definite satisfaction in taking a gross room and making it look nice, and it's pretty cool that you can knock down (and rebuild) walls, but I just don't find the act of slowly and mechanically painting and cleaning much fun, especially with the knowledge that my actual house could do with a bit of that."
_	Clutch's driving skills saves the day but Cobra Commander escapes with the knowledge that Tunnel Rat has unwittingly given him.
_	Lindsay Masters in particular stayed behind, very likely in the knowledge that he might soon be running the company as Heseltine’s political career took off.
_	"NATO's great shield of collective security has become so broad that it even covers those who say they no longer choose to contribute to its support, giving them freedom to pursue their policy of withdrawal, secure in the knowledge that, in a showdown, they would still share the benefits of its great protection.
_	Even with additional regulation by government bodies, such as the Health and Safety Executive or the Environment Agency, companies may still have a collective incentive to ignore the rules in the knowledge that the costs and likelihood of enforcement is weaker than potential profits.
_	Within her first few hours at Number 26, she manages to offend Jack's mother, Lyn, with her straight talking and buying a coconut cake, even with the knowledge that Lyn does not like Coconut and causes further grief when she lets it slip that Jack has given up on soccer after being dropped from his team in England and plans to work for her father in New Zealand.
_	This is made with the knowledge that it's unlikely many in the public understand advanced biology, or can consult the current scientific literature or contact major scientific organizations to verify Discovery Institute claims.
_	According to Marx, the knowledge that the law of value existed, expressed in one form or another, sometimes more clearly and sometimes less, was very ancient—it reached right back to the first nomadic traders in food, crafts, services and minerals.
_	Bynum said he would make the same decision again to delay the surgery until after his vacation, even with the knowledge that it would cost him a portion of the upcoming regular season.
_	Losing the Virgo Zodiarts Switch to Gamou as he is left to die, Emoto's final thoughts are the knowledge that he has gained new true friends and has done something worthwhile.
_	West Ham was fined a record £5.5 million by the Premier League for entering into third-party contracts whose existence they did not reveal in the knowledge that, in the words of the Premier League's findings, "the FAPL at the very least may not - and in all probability would not - have approved of such contracts".
_	An occlusion event tests the knowledge that an object exists even if it is not immediately visible.
_	"After careful consideration and reflection I have decided that now is the right time for me to announce my retirement from inter county hurling with the Kilkenny senior hurling team, I am making this decision comfortable in the knowledge that I never settled for anything less than giving it my very best.
_	In October the CIGS Henry Wilson warned Churchill that the planned introduction of Irish Home Rule that autumn would lead to unrest, and asked him to consult the Prime Minister, perhaps in the knowledge that Lloyd George disliked Robertson.
_	While comedy horror films provide scares for audiences, they also provide something that dramatic horror films do not: "the permission to laugh at your fears, to whistle past the cinematic graveyard and feel secure in the knowledge that the monsters can't get you".
_	The German surrender became official one minute past midnight 9 May, however, this was tempered by the knowledge that occupation duties in Europe or shipment to the Pacific Theater was probable.
_	Using the blackest of black magic, in the knowledge that it may rebound on him, Mouse manages to aim a spell at the Duke, using Ivrian as a focus.
_	The Hullabaloos depart without thanking their rescuers, and Tom can return home in the knowledge that the reputation of the doctor's family is intact.
_	Thus, the knowledge that "I am" is the core of a human being: the soul exists and is self-aware.
_	(The reader has the knowledge that Max is the father)
_	The data was obtained from cDNA and sequences from libraries with methyl-filtered DNA (libraries that uses the knowledge that the bases in genic sequences tends to be less heavily methylated than those in non-genic regions) and high C0 t techniques.
_	The Fortress of Solitude is often portrayed as a recreation of Krypton's surface and a storehouse for all the knowledge that the Kryptonian race had obtained.
_	Footage that has been shot with the knowledge that it will be subsequently electronically filmized is usually shot in a very different way, with film-style lighting and framing.
_	His students may well gain inspiration from the knowledge that years of perseverance, hard work and dedication by their master have been rewarded with well deserved induction into the WA Football Hall of Fame.
_	The complaint further contends that AT&T continued to employ this system even with the knowledge that it facilitated use of IP Relay by fraudulent foreign callers, which accounted for up to 95 percent of AT&T's call volume.
_	For Ferguson, the knowledge that humanity gains through its actions, even those actions resulting in temporary retrogression, form an intrinsic part of its progressive, asymptotic movement toward an ultimately unobtainable perfectibility.
_	The title means the knowledge that conveys or carries one across the present age.
_	Everything is enhanced just by the knowledge that its all connected."
_	They have gathered the knowledge that MODOK eventually uses to create the Red Hulk.
_	This siddhanta is supposed to be the knowledge that the Sun god gave to an Asura called Maya.
_	The improvement of human circumstances requires critical analysis of information to develop the knowledge that assists humankind.
_	O'Donnell has remarked that he "sat with the level designers and 'spotted' the level as though it was a movie, with the knowledge that the music would have to be malleable rather than static...
_	"" ("On the Shortness of Life"), often referred to as "Gaudeamus igitur", (Let us rejoice) is a popular academic commercium song, on taking joy in student life, with the knowledge that one will someday die.
_	Actionable knowledge refers to the knowledge that can inform decision-making actions and be converted to decision-making actions.
_	It was later revealed that commentators Jim McKay and Jackie Stewart had provided the lap 149 incident commentary in post-production, and did so with the knowledge that a protest of Unser's actions was in the works.
_	The current Director is Professor nazih Khavaja with the knowledge that the school is the only elementary, There is also a branch of the Al Mahdi private schools as of the year 1997.
_	Whether putting off his suicide when being shown Danny's baby, or allowing himself to be doused with gasoline to rescue a child in danger from a junkie, or even begging for Guardo's life based on the knowledge that Guardo and his girlfriend would be having a child soon, Shane's guilt and shame showed through most sharply in these circumstances.
_	Vivaldi is also escorted back to his cell, with the knowledge that the charges against him will be dropped.
_	The desire to restrict manufactured imports was intensified by the knowledge that the nation needed strong manufacturing industries to generate exports to pay for needed raw material imports.
_	He also thought the reason the juries failed to convict Rewa of the murder was that they could not reconcile this possibility with the knowledge that Pora had already been convicted for it.
_	Fletch confronts Joan, along with the knowledge that she invaded his house and has a vendetta against Will, since he was the social worker that took Jianna's baby away.
_	Act 1, Scene 3 then depicts the murder of York's youngest son, whilst in Act 1, Scene 4, York himself is tortured and murdered, with the knowledge that Rutland is already dead.
_	The knowledge that is the highest knowledge as far as Kierkegaard is concerned is the knowledge that he had a soul that could relate to God.
_	Both are hurt over the deception but decide that, since she cannot have any more children, they will continue their romantic relationship, despite the knowledge that they are half-siblings.
_	The poet Geoffrey Chaucer uses the windows as a metaphor in "The Miller's Tale" from "The Canterbury Tales", in the knowledge that other Londoners would understand the comparison:
_	No British ships suffered more than minor damage in the two weeks of combat, and the fleet could return to its blockade with the knowledge that the Brest fleet was neutralised for some time to come and confined to Rochefort, although a powerful squadron was still under construction at Rochefort, where the defences had been swiftly repaired.
_	The exhibit was inspired by a Studs Terkel-like curiosity about the neighborhood—where Brody lives—the knowledge that help is not as prominent in US-American culture as it is in Germany, and by the people who had helped Brody's mother decades before when she escaped Nazi Vienna on a Kindertransport (Children's train) at age 13.
_	With impeccable skills in fighting, knife-throwing and shooting provided by the VR machine, along with the knowledge that they can't be injured, they attempt to take on the Apocalypse boys to distract them from destroying the town or killing Sheriff Carton.
_	Detailed results of a number of older events have not been found and in some cases no results or planned matches have been found documented, leading only to the knowledge that an event probably took place, but no confirmation of date or other details were found.
_	He is transported back into post-Roman Britain and has to contend with the knowledge that he is from the future, in the past.
_	Price secretly marked Hope's photographic plates, and provided him with a packet of additional plates that had been covertly etched with the brand image of the Imperial Dry Plate Co. Ltd. in the knowledge that the logo would be transferred to any images created with them.
_	"The Fall", which James wrote about having to let someone go with the knowledge that the freedom of letting them go is the most grounding feeling of all.
_	In September 1935, on the eve of Louis' fight with former titleholder Max Baer, "Washington Post" sportswriter Shirley Povich wrote about some Americans' hopes for the white contender, "They say Baer will surpass himself in the knowledge that he is the lone white hope for the defense of Nordic superiority in the prize ring."
_	In late 1975, actress Robin Strasser was offered a long-term contract with the series to take up the role but declined upon the knowledge that Kavanaugh would be fired to accommodate the recast.
_	Safe in the knowledge that further Gallic reinforcements would not likely be coming to the aid of Uxellodunum due to the blunders of Luciterus and Drapes, Gaius Caninius Rebilus intensified his siege works around Uxellodunum.
_	He is overawed by her attractiveness and the knowledge that she understands him.
_	Meanwhile, Scott's younger sister Janie (Michelle Veintimilla) is approached by Joel (Drew Monson), who tries to woo her using the knowledge that he has gained from her social media posts.
_	Gonzalez considers her short story "The Tragedy of Eight Pence" to be the "finest" of her writings, the tale of a "happily married woman trying to shield her ill husband from the knowledge that his death will leave her penniless."
_	To this end, he joined Leland McCauley's Workforce as Karate Kid to have the opportunity to travel to different planets and learn new disciplines, despite the knowledge that McCauley's values were far different from his own.
_	The weapon is used to destroy the planet Teriliptus and its inhabitants, but when Ailla turns up alive, the knowledge that he has destroyed a planet for nothing, coupled with the revelation of Ailla's betrayal, proves too much.
_	"Publishers Weekly," in praising "The Case Against Happiness," wrote "...a promising poet with a generosity of spirit and the knowledge that 'joy is not impossible,'" and "Library Journal" wrote, "Sardonic and humorous, cynical and complex, these metaphysical musings celebrate the nameless dread, the logic of the illogical.
_	Soon the young man discovers that his uncle had organised everything as if in the knowledge that he would never return from the Holy Land.
_	As president of HWS, Gearan issued a response on July 13, 2014, stating that "even though we believe we handled the circumstances fairly and within the constraints of the law, and that we made decisions based on the evidence, there is no sense of satisfaction other than the knowledge that we treated everyone with compassion, kindness and respect."
_	Collectively, the worlds with mostly late filters have many more instances of life at the human level of development, so SIA, together with the knowledge that we are at the human-level stage, implies we're probably in one of the worlds with a late filter.
_	When faced with the knowledge that he was the only other person with access to the house during the time of her disappearance, Cutaiar confessed.
_	Skaldak laments the loss of his daughter and his people; however, the Doctor tries to comfort him with the knowledge that the Ice Warriors still live, just not on Earth or Mars.
_	This was in the knowledge that, with the recording schedule and the likelihood that re-takes would not be possible, it would have to be left in.
_	Brody confronts him with the knowledge that Tom Walker is alive, and that Nazir has been deceiving him for the past eight years.
_	In the "On the Way to a Smile" novella "Case of Nanaki", Red XIII struggles with the knowledge that he will outlive his friends.
_	Price secretly marked Hope's photographic plates, and provided him with a packet of additional plates that had been covertly etched with the brand image of the Imperial Dry Plate Co. Ltd. in the knowledge that the logo would be transferred to any images created with them.
_	Mormons teach that by modern revelation, God restored the knowledge that He is the literal father of our spirits (Hebrews 12:9) and that the Biblical references to God creating mankind in His image and likeness are in no way allegorical.
_	Except for two plays written for the BBC in the early 1990s ("Olly's Prison" and "Tuesday"), Bond continued writing plays in the knowledge that they would not be staged in Britain except by amateur companies.
_	Despite the knowledge that he was safe, the filming left the actor deeply disturbed and caused "weeks of panic attacks".
_	Soon, Dolfin also resigned and Mykle became President, with the knowledge that his international business commitments would not allow him to serve out the full term.
_	Even though none of the receptors for cold, drought, salinity or the stress hormone abscisic acid in plants is known for sure, the knowledge that we have today shows that receptor-like protein kinases, two-component histidine kinases, as well as G-protein receptors may be the possible sensors of these different signals.
_	This confusion and the knowledge that Japan was now vulnerable to air attack strengthened Yamamoto's resolve to capture Midway Island, resulting in a decisive Japanese defeat at the Battle of Midway.
_	A third party who administers an unlawful abortion is subject to the same penalty while the supplier of an instrument or substance with the knowledge that it will be used to cause an unlawful abortion is guilty of misdemeanour and faces a penalty of up to two years in prison.
_	Their hurry to produce a model of DNA structure was driven in part by the knowledge that they were competing against Linus Pauling.
_	De la Rosa started qualifying with the knowledge that he would receive a five-place grid penalty for an unscheduled gearbox change regardless of where he started, but as he qualified twenty-fourth and last, the effect of the penalty was negated.
_	Tapas, states the text is the act of burning in the knowledge that the unchanging truth is Brahman and the universe is Maya.
_	They often charge the southern states with insufficient border control, claiming that the latter are acting on the knowledge that immigrants tend to be more attracted to western/northern states with more generous welfare systems (Switzerland, Germany, Austria, Sweden, etc.).
_	Self-described in its preface as "a scholarly, systematic, continuously revised summary of the knowledge that is most significant to mankind", it was long considered one of the three major contemporary English-language general encyclopedias, together with "Encyclopedia Americana" and "Encyclopædia Britannica": the three were sometimes collectively called "the ABCs".
_	However, adding to his problems is the knowledge that his girlfriend is trapped at her place of work within the cordon.
_	The name Eperia is a hybrid word that derives from the ancient Greek word "empiria" (Greek:ἐμπειρία) and the Latin word "experimentia", both literally meaning "the knowledge that comes from situations".
_	At the crux, Hamlet is a young prince grappling with the knowledge that his uncle and mother have conspired to kill his father.
_	In the case of the Ben Franklin effect, the dissonance is between the subject's negative attitudes to the other person and the knowledge that they did that person a favor.
_	Police started from scratch as there were no clues on the site, all the clues they had were seven charred train compartments and the knowledge that ammonium nitrate was used.
_	At the committal hearing on 6 December, Brady was charged with the murders of Edward Evans, John Kilbride, and Lesley Ann Downey, and Hindley with the murders of Edward Evans and Lesley Ann Downey, as well as with harbouring Brady in the knowledge that he had killed John Kilbride.
_	As the families have their picnic, secure in the knowledge that it's a bright day (as virals often avoid daylight), the men sweep the nearby fields for any signs of virals.
_	He is currently facing conflicting emotions over the discovery and subsequent disappearance of his father and the knowledge that he was Koragg - he has said he doesn't care about Leanbow, but alone with Phineas he showed that this was not the truth.
_	Its community lives in peace, safe in the knowledge that its greatest threats are trapped behind the great barrier in the badlands near Snake Mountain.
_	Only later does Ullas comes to the knowledge that Laya is a chronic alcoholic.
_	Anteac is shocked at the knowledge that Hwi is to marry Leto, and at the same time annoyed that her order had allowed so talented a woman as Hwi to pass through their training program without turning her into one of them.
_	This disturbed Vishwamitra's "tapasya", and destroyed all the knowledge that the sage had acquired during this "tapasya".
_	Camma died happily, according to Plutarch, in the knowledge that she had avenged the death of her husband.
_	She writes that much of the knowledge that students have is not self-consumed, but rather developed from training obtained from the classroom and from daily life.
_	At a high elevation in the clear mountain air, Musgrave is overwhelmed by their brilliance, each a blazing "orb of regal splendor," and he is awed by the knowledge that each is a "distant sun."
_	In his final words to the jury, Collins finally revealed to everyone his joy over the knowledge that he was going to be having a son.
_	There, he meets a spiritual caseworker who offers him a difficult choice, seemingly with the knowledge that he has already made the choice many times before.
_	The decline in the power of the Anglo-French artillery caused by poor weather and "Luftstreitkräfte" attacks on artillery-observation machines, enabled the German infantry to mount a costly but successful defence, helped by the knowledge that the onset of winter would end the battle.
_	The deaths shake Zoey to her core, as her inner killer (who she is occasionally seen conversing with in a mirror) later taunts her with the knowledge that she enjoyed overhearing the deaths.
_	And if nothing else had come out of it except the knowledge that we gained from space photography, it would be worth ten times what the whole program has cost.
_	With the knowledge that their days in Candlestick Park were numbered, the 1999 season ended with a series of promotions and tributes.
_	Gregor, spoke thus: "all the knowledge that is not of the senses, not of the intellect, not of the heart but is the property that exclusively belongs to the deepest aspect of your being...the knowledge of your spirit".
_	The North Cross School athletic program is based on the knowledge that a well-exercised, competitive young person can learn about himself or herself on the athletic field in a way difficult to match in other areas of school life.
_	Learning is beneficial in these scenarios because an animal can adapt to the new situation, but can still apply the knowledge that it learns for a somewhat extended period of time.
_	The incentive is seeing the natural way that many photon properties are generated from the theory and the knowledge that some problems exist with the current photon model.
_	In the end, Dark Mercury is very nearly able to kill Sailor Moon, but the knowledge that she has injured her friend finally reverts her back to her true form.
_	Chen Weichen (Monica Chan) is Jiang Yiju's fiancée, wishing to put off marriage, Jiang has a long-standing bet with Chen, that if she can beat him at mahjong she can name the day of their marriage, with the knowledge that with his skills at the game that it would be impossible for her to do so without him throwing the game.
_	In the end, the knowledge that he had not really fulfilled his own image, that was what destroyed him.
_	Where lenders are known to be very profitable then it might be possible to force them to lend at lower rates in the knowledge that the costs can be absorbed into their profit margins.
_	According to Eamon Duffy, "one of the worst elements in Martin's suffering was the knowledge that while he still lived the Roman Church had bowed to imperial commands, and had elected a new pope", Pope Eugenius I. According to Ekonomou, "the Romans were as prepared to forget Pope Martin as Constans II was relieved to see him removed to the remote northern shores of the Black Sea".
_	In his narratives, Milescu summed up the knowledge that Russian explorers had gathered about East Siberia.
_	Lynch described the attractiveness of the idea of a pilot, despite the knowledge that the medium of television would be constricting: "I'm a sucker for a continuing story ...
_	Rough calculations of the population can be made from the knowledge that Queensland supported 34.2 percent of the total number of tribes in Australia and from the knowledge that 35 to 39 percent of Australian aboriginal people lived in Queensland.
_	Four Bear laments that once again, he has failed to save the lives of his friends, but he and ne'Ric take some consolation in the knowledge that Cartuke has finally been defeated.
_	When the corpse does not regenerate, Noah returns to Danko and confronts him with the knowledge that Sylar is still alive.
_	However, with the knowledge that Bill Da Salleo was actually Dalbello, her manager began to question the strength of the album's production and commercial viability.
_	The last three books of the "Tristia" grow grimmer as their author ages, heavy with the knowledge that he will never return to his home.
_	Because of the knowledge that their electricity is supplied by renewable sources and its very low cost as it is produced domestically, consumption in Norway is three times higher than the average European.
_	He also suffered psychological injuries from the trauma, made worse by the knowledge that of his entire platoon, Honoré was the only other person who could play the piano and so if it had not been his lieutenant who had been killed, it might well have been Honoré himself.
_	Despite warnings from the Honey Lakers that they would be fired upon, the Plumas company began fortifying a barn 150 to 200 yards away with the knowledge that 20 more men were on their way (with a cannon, they later found out).
_	She seeks the hidden knowledge that goes into such practices, the knowledge that cannot be explained by science or logic.
_	One form of refutation contends that Moore's attempted proof fails his second criterion for a good proof (i.e. the premises are not demonstrable in the required sense) by pointing out the difference between demonstrating the perception that his hands exist and demonstrating the knowledge that his hands exist.
_	Safe in the knowledge that Jay is not really dangerous, he leaves the fight.
_	On the other hand, the knowledge that other ingroup members are unable to identify the self may have consequences for (in particular) low identifiers to feel less committed to ingroup norms.
_	If the husband chooses this path, he will have to live with the knowledge that he could have saved his wife but choose not to, for the rest of his life.
_	Kyle chooses the first reality but Volthoom refuses to and leaves him with the knowledge that things could've been better.
_	Constantin Argetoianu, Interior Minister in the second Alexandru Averescu cabinet and main instigator of the arrest, later admitted that his order lacked legal grounds, and stated that he had given Cristescu approval to hold congress with the knowledge that Comintern policies were to be submitted to a vote, thus causing the faction to incriminate itself.
_	Upon gaining the knowledge that their system has been compromised, the smart card providers often have several counter measure systems against unauthorised viewing, which can be put in place over the air, in most cases causing virtually no disruption to legitimate viewers.
_	"AC-AF is deeply disappointed by the fact that it cannot continue, but, is comforted by the knowledge that its programming has helped participants build a foundation for their future endeavors and assisted in developing the skills necessary to succeed.
_	This image, along with the knowledge that Linus Pauling had proposed an incorrect structure of DNA, “mobilised” Watson and Crick to restart model building.
_	In contract bridge, an uppercut is a defensive play that involves one of the defenders ruffing high in the knowledge that an overruff by the declarer will result in the promotion of a trump card in his/her partner's hand into a winner.
_	Using the knowledge that the Sun is very far away, the ancient Greek geographer Eratosthenes performed an experiment using the differences in the observed angle of the Sun from two different locations to calculate the circumference of the Earth.
_	Using the knowledge that the first three letters of a message were the same as the second three, Polish mathematician–cryptologist Marian Rejewski was able to determine the internal wirings of the Enigma machine and thus to reconstruct the logical structure of the device.
_	Rocco and Fidelio prepare to go to Florestan's cell, with the knowledge that he must be killed and buried within the hour.
_	For example, the knowledge that the API 617 standard contains a standard specification for compressors can be linked to the concept compressor in the knowledge model of a compressor system.
_	Specifically, design philosophy was that the knowledge that the diver was the one and only thing controlling the loop oxygen level meant that attention was required and would be applied.
_	Although he stakes his foe to prevent him from coming back as a vampire, Batman is left tormented by the knowledge that the Joker won their long conflict by driving him to kill, often reflecting that he is damned by Dracula's bite and the Joker's blood in equal measure as he surrenders to his vampire side and turns on his old enemies.
_	Patients and anaesthetists alike can be secure in the knowledge that the Association continues to protect their mutual interests.
_	Oxford Castle, however, was a powerful fortress and, rather than storming it, Stephen had to settle down for a long siege, albeit secure in the knowledge that Matilda was now surrounded.
_	It would not be fatal—the primary deterrent is the knowledge that the treatment has been applied, communicated by signs posted at the refuges.
_	As seen in her explanation, analysis, and subsequent application of Charles Bricker’s notes on Ludolf and how asinine he (Ludolf) was, it’s apparent that geography and the knowledge that is produced from this discipline is flawed.
_	Safe in the knowledge that Clifford couldn’t venture far into the county, they were ill prepared for a surprise attack by Tibbot na Long, in which they lost 40 of their men (including Kittagh's brother Thomas) along with the remainder of their supplies, forcing them to retreat once again to Ulster.
_	A player may take advantage of the Ko rule by playing a stone with the knowledge that the opponent will not be permitted to replace the captured stone in the immediate responding move.
_	Commentaries on these fables point out that suffering is increased by the knowledge that it is one's own fault, whoever inflicts it; or, as is implied by the Turkish proverb mentioned above, if a group has a problem, its root may be found within itself.
_	Clinging to the knowledge that someone must be sending help.
_	Life was tragic, according to Unamuno, because of the knowledge that we are to die.
_	Upon the merge, Ogakor managed to use the knowledge that one of Kucha's members, Jeff Varner, had received votes beforehand, and eliminated him, thus gaining a numeric advantage over the other group.
_	The development of information and knowledge of the reserve will draw from the knowledge that the traditional land owners possess.
_	When Samar revealed the knowledge that she and Ressler investigated her being an operative working for Kirk to gain FBI files, Aram regretted how he treated her.
_	Thunderbolt confronts his lover Cairo DeFrey, with the knowledge that he knows she is indeed the head of Scorpio, he does not arrest her but he does end their relationship.
_	Choose clearly stated that not to be, in fact, the case; and that a generative grammar models only the knowledge that underlies the human ability to speak and understand.
_	Trion apparently reciprocated the feeling of trust, as he shared with Smokescreen the knowledge that he had supported Optimus for the position of Prime, recommending him to the Autobot High Council.
_	One of the NRF’s key objectives is to ensure appropriately qualified people and high-level infrastructure to produce the knowledge that makes South Africa a global competitor.
_	Bolton's penultimate game of the season, at home to Sunderland, kicked off at 5:15pm with Bolton having the knowledge that, as Birmingham City and Reading had lost earlier that day, a win would virtually secure their Premiership status.
_	Association is also relevant in enhancing our generic memory, one which contains the knowledge that each of us has.
_	Life will assume new dignity, and labor new interest for us, when we come to the knowledge that death is but a continuation of life and labor, in higher planes."
_	However, a complete inventory provides the institution with the knowledge that the entire collection can be accounted for; the random sampling is used to check the consistency of the collections' records."
_	Although Mulch is incarcerated, he takes comfort in the knowledge that "together they will be unstoppable."
_	This time the Seoul Survivors were traveling to Shanghai in the knowledge that if they won the game they would win the cup for a second time.
_	Adam Carter was created with the knowledge that Matthew Macfadyen, who played Tom Quinn, would leave the series.
_	Young-mi decides to end their relationship, guilty with the knowledge that someone somewhere out there has been in love with him for years.
_	She also revealed the knowledge that she is, and was at the time, short sighted.
_	Similarly, the design of a particular process implies the creation of a process model, which design activity can be guided by the knowledge that is contained in a knowledge model about such a kind of process.
_	Darrani graduated at the top of his class from police training college by blackmailing Ghote into underperforming in the final exams, with the knowledge that Ghote had been disgraced and sent back from a police youth conference held in Moscow after Ghote enabled a smuggler to bring Levis jeans (which were forbidden in the Soviet Union) into the country.
_	By doing so, multinational pharmaceutical companies can now sell the medicine to the natives who are the original source of the knowledge that made production of medicine possible.
_	Staples later acknowledged that this show, while being a happy triumph, was also "tinged with sadness of the knowledge that the six of us had made all the new music we were going to make together."
_	A number of factors indicate a British influence on Windradyne here, possibly that of the Suttors—the straw hat with the word peace in English, the olive branch, even the knowledge that he would be relatively safe at the feast.
_	For example, under the US Economic Espionage Act of 1996, it is a federal crime in the United States to misappropriate trade secrets with the knowledge that it will benefit a foreign power, or will injure the owner of the trade secret.
_	Longshadow wishes to use the knowledge that Lady has to further his own agenda.
_	A coercive monopoly would be able to price-gouge consumers secure with the knowledge that no competition will develop.
_	Fu Zhongwen was the type of man who was willing to teach t'ai chi to whoever wanted to learn for free; the only benefit to him was the knowledge that people were doing t'ai chi and gaining health from it.
_	The client is allowed input in the knowledge that the ideas being presented may be in the early stages of development.
_	Pemper typed his first letter to Oskar Schindler in March 1943, without the knowledge that Schindler had sympathies for his Jewish workers.
_	In Week 16, the Vikings traveled to Baltimore for a Christmas night game in the knowledge that a loss would eliminate them from playoff contention.
_	There's only a seven-hour campaign, optional missions in which you try to keep the overkill meter consistently replenished, and the knowledge that in a month, you won't remember having played Army of Two: The Devil's Cartel".
_	With the knowledge that both Leung Sam and Yat-yin have feelings for each other, Gum Wa persuades the head housemaid Mei-lan to approve of the pair, so that Leung Sam can let go of her status of a self-combed woman.
_	These faculty experts chose items that covered each competency, ensuring that the items chosen were representative of the knowledge that incoming college freshmen needed to possess in order to be successful in entry-level college courses without the need for remediation.
_	With the knowledge that Mauricio Macri had won the presidency, the Qom and other indigenous groups from the Qopiwini were able to have an interview with Claudio Avruj, the secretary for Human Rights, who confirmed that the new government would issue a response to the indigenous groups’ claims.
_	"Drowned in Sound"s Dom Gourlay awarded the album 9/10 and stated: "Whatever happens next, she can rest assured safe in the knowledge that together with her beau they've conjured up one of 2012's--or any other year in recent memory--finest debuts."
_	Near-death experiences and the knowledge that he could be the next to die, changed Miller's outlook to life.
_	This has not always been the case because, as she points out, the "elites possess the power to legitimate the knowledge that they define as theory as being universal, normative, and ideal".
_	In the TV series, the knowledge that he had killed his one "special person" sends Subaru into catatonia until the final battle when he regains his senses after seeing his sister deep in his subconsciousness.
_	How will the knowledge that the money was stolen effect his family?
_	Dogmatism has no place here, and we must be open to the constant refinement of our understanding, in the knowledge that the truth in its fullness will not be known until these events come to pass.
_	He concludes that the satisfaction derived from "Babar" is based on the knowledge that "while it is a very good thing to be an elephant, still, the life of an elephant is dangerous, wild, and painful.
_	The song tells the story of a man who, after hearing a fable about a place called Wooley Swamp, stubbornly decided to confirm the story on his own, only to come away with the knowledge that "there's some things in this world you just can't explain" (These words are repeated in the chorus between the two verses and then spoken at the very end of the song).
_	Cavataio killed Di Pisa in the knowledge that the La Barbera’s would be blamed by the Greco’s and a war would be the result.
_	Richie brought back the memory to the reformed junkie and left Roscza alive with the knowledge that he was a murderer.
_	He argued, among other things, that continuing to give aid indefinitely would see nations with industrious populations subsidize those with idle populations and would create a moral hazard problem where governments could spend irresponsibly in the knowledge that they will be bailed out by those nations who had spent responsibly.
_	Duck arrives at Bill's house, refuses to take Bill to a hospital, and taunts him with the knowledge that he will kidnap Josie.
_	At the meeting held to discuss the general election, Llewellyn-Jones threw down the gauntlet to the Association proclaiming that whether or not they adopted him he would stand anyway, secure in the knowledge that the Conservatives had already agreed not to put up a candidate in the seat.
_	It is later revealed that it was all part of Scorpia's plot to frame Alex for the death of the American Secretary of State while killing him along the way before blackmailing the British government out of the Elgin Marbles with the knowledge that MI5 had used a teenage boy as a spy.
_	A simple example of cognitive dissonance resulting in attitude change would be when a heavy smoker learns that his sister died young from lung cancer due to heavy smoking as well, this individual experiences conflicting cognitions: the desire to smoke, and the knowledge that smoking could lead to death and a desire not to die.
_	Lizbeth is secure in the knowledge that girls mature faster than boys, so she knows one day Milo will catch up and appreciate her.
_	Copernicus broadened the knowledge that he took from the university lecture halls with independent reading of books that he acquired during his Kraków years (Euclid, Haly Abenragel, the "Alfonsine Tables", Johannes Regiomontanus' "Tabulae directionum"); to this period, probably, also date his earliest scientific notes, now preserved partly at Uppsala University.
_	Euphemia's somewhat eccentric cousin Twyla arrived and threatened Euphemia's plans with the knowledge that Yancy was sterile, and this was confirmed when Yancy's widow Blanche showed up.
_	These difficulties were mitigated by the knowledge that fans were not as intimately connected to the history of the character of Rtas as they were to the likes of the Master Chief; this allowed ample room to expand 'Vadumee's background in sync with the "Halo" canon while permitting the writer to "bring something new to the table".
_	This allows those professionals who act with a conscience to practice in the knowledge that they will not be undermined commercially by those who have fewer ethical qualms.
_	Dei explains that some of the benefits of white privilege include: the positive effects linked to having one's own race extensively and positively represented in the media; the idea that for the most part, your skin color will not prevent you from obtaining housing and employment; and, the knowledge that you will never have to educate your children about what it means to be "different" or negatively represented in society.
_	This special coal had been sourced in a well-meaning gesture by British Railways in the knowledge that the Castle would be deliberately pushed as close to 100mph as possible on its last scheduled service.
_	Many objects using precious metals were made in the knowledge that their bullion value might be realized at a future point—only near the end of the period could money be invested other than in real estate, except at great risk or by committing usury.
_	The album has prominent vocal overdubs - nearly every song has multiple layers of Corgan's voice, a decision brought about by Baker's operatic production style as well as the knowledge that the new touring members would be able to sing harmonies.
_	Cooperative inquiry creates a research cycle among 4 different types of knowledge: propositional (as in contemporary science), practical (the knowledge that comes with actually doing what you propose), experiential (the real-time feedback we get about our interaction with the larger world) and presentational (the artistic rehearsal process through which we craft new practices).
_	The design for this structure was completed in 1952 and placed the freeway on the least expensive land in the area, despite the knowledge that it would someday create issues.
_	Shaken by the knowledge that Yasmin might have hanged herself in that very room, Arun flees the apartment and moves into a new one.
_	With the knowledge that the baby may not survive the winter in a cold cell, 55 people, among them some prominent local figures, signed a petition for Martha's pardon which was granted in December 1844 by Governor John C. Edwards.
_	The Americans were quick to realize that their best defence was to dive through the enemy formation, safe in the knowledge that the Zero would be unable to follow at the same speed.
_	Some users may feel uncomfortable with the knowledge that their real names would be publicly displayed and choose, instead, to use a fake name that appears real to Facebook under its Name Policy.
_	According to Hadrat Abdullah bin Abbas, he had asked the meaning of a verse of the Qur'an and said to Muhammad: "O Messenger of Allah, teach me the knowledge that Allah has taught you."
_	It also serves as an independent legal entity to which community members can contribute code, funding and other resources, secure in the knowledge that their contributions will be maintained for public benefit.
_	The Parramatta Eels began Season 2006 with the knowledge that their coach Brian Smith, would not be there next season, after being asked to step down by the management of the Parramatta Eels rugby league club in what turned out to be a direct trade with the Newcastle Knights club for their coach, Michael Hagan.
_	Now able to deploy suicidally reckless tactics to thwart Mysteron threats, Captain Scarlet repeatedly braves the pain of death in the knowledge that he will recover to face the Mysterons again.
_	Nevertheless, the corporation was fueled with the knowledge that the buzzing combatants in the end belonged to the same hive.
_	"As we try to construct a fair and respectable model for analysis, hoping not to use any misrepresentative vocabulary, we will contend with bringing forth the particular idiosyncrasies that existed in Tatarî’s life, id est, leaving no single doubt, no knowledge in a state of non-existence, as it is the knowledge that constitutes work – not only for Tatarî himself, but also for the potential readers of this biography.
_	Secure in the knowledge that there are now no other living heirs, Albert and Renata return home to await the announcement of their murderously guaranteed inheritance.
_	Marlene says this means Jeanine is blowing them off, and tells Leslie to blackmail Jeanine with the knowledge that her husband has a DUI offense in Illinois.
_	The group relaxes in the knowledge that their secrets are still secret, but Shirley feels ashamed at being the worst mother in the world for leaving her kids.
_	Because there are models of Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory of interest to set theorists that satisfy the axiom of dependent choice but not the full axiom of choice, the knowledge that a particular proof only requires dependent choice can be useful.
_	Duke's interest in the file regards the knowledge that a tattooed man would kill him.
_	Hopes were high for the Ashes after the success of the previous eighteen months, but expectations were moderated by the knowledge that Australia had been the best team in the world for many years.
_	In the game of chess, a pawn may be advanced in the knowledge that it will definitely be lost, but will, in so doing, force out an enemy piece of much higher value and make that piece much more susceptible to attack.
_	Chris Chibnall wrote the episode with the knowledge that Marsters wished to appear in the series, and has written the part of John Hart "absolutely" for him.
_	This statement is supported by the knowledge that Hox gene expression is initiated during gastrulation in primitive somitic mesoderm by FGF signaling which effects the primitive somitic mesoderm cells at different times depending on their axial location during organism development—and is even further specified with other anterior-posterior axis signals (such as retinoic acid).
_	Luke continues to speak through Nan, revealing the knowledge that his father was leaving Joan for his lover Mrs. Marteaux, a woman from Joan's book club, an affair that predicated the murder.
_	This criticism is based on the knowledge that the Jesus Seminar eliminates any evidence they cannot explained using modern scientific principles."
_	It has been developed from the knowledge that cannabis smokers often experience hunger, which is often referred to as "the munchies".
_	Initial fears that contamination of the soil was deep have been reduced with the knowledge that current crops are safe for human consumption and the contamination of the soil was not serious; however, in July and August 2013, it was discovered that radioactive groundwater has been leaking into the sea.
_	Eurogamer gave the game a 7/10 stating that "Battlestations: Pacific still has much to recommend underneath the flaws...the pleasures it does offer are enhanced by the knowledge that it's still the only game offering them."
_	No one in the unit considers Pratt's death to be unfortunate, and they all, to varying degrees, are offended by Bayliss's questions, despite the knowledge that he is merely following orders.
_	Kant, however, insisted that his intent was to restrict his investigation to experience and the knowledge that makes it possible.
_	During the fiasco, Caroline is in a car accident, Elena also confronts John with the knowledge that he's her father and Bonnie rescues the Salvatore brothers, letting them off with a warning so Damon doesn't kill anyone innocent.
_	Treatment decision support is intended to bridge the gap between patients' initial knowledge and the knowledge that is required for them to make fully informed decisions about which treatment to pursue.
_	The urgency for attaining perfection comes from the knowledge that the remnant must live perfectly during the time of trouble at the end to prove to the universe that fallen human beings can keep the law of God.
_	He had also developed the knowledge that to succeed, he would have to discipline himself.
_	To find the carvings located somewhere along the 70 km long fjord, Hallström exploited the knowledge that a professor travelling in the 18th century must have lived on one of the ten large farms that existed along Balsfjord.
_	The idea is to share the knowledge that they have built up since the mid-1990s.
_	Avon reacts badly to the knowledge that Blake has apparently betrayed them all, and responds by shooting Blake.
_	The practice was fuelled by the desire to make use of fruit that had fallen from the tree and could not be eaten, coupled with the knowledge that making pálinka at home was much less expensive.
_	The ‘knowledge’ that Hayek refers to is the knowledge that the ‘smartest people’ possess in Joy’s law.
_	Dhamma is the knowledge that enhances the quality of life.
_	It is the knowledge and understanding of the true nature of things: the knowledge that all things are causally conditioned.
_	Helen is forced to return with Menelaus, but she is serene in the knowledge that in death she will be reunited with Paris in Elysium.
_	Faced with the knowledge that he would repeat every action that he has taken, an overman would be elated as he has no regrets and loves life.
_	This mutilation made the stamp appear as if it had come from the top row of the sheet, and Klein's numbering on the back was accordingly tampered with to disguise the stamp as position 9—an astute piece of misdirection founded in the knowledge that position 9 had never appeared on the market: in fact, the real position 9 emerged decades later as the locket copy.
_	His vision gives him the knowledge that Blade is the only one who can prevent the events from coming true.
_	Thus, the different phenomena that lead to transport are each considered individually with the knowledge that the sum of their contributions must equal zero.
_	Widespread access to the internet has created a new incentive for artists to publish manifestos, with the knowledge that there is an instant potential worldwide audience.
_	Monopole equations can be arrived by inspection of dipole antenna derivations with the knowledge that all radiation occurs in half the volume when compared to said dipole antenna.
_	Liability for murder can be avoided if medicine which is beneficial to the patient is given, despite the knowledge that death will occur as a side effect.
_	Hardy sings about a relationship which is conducted in the knowledge that love is a fleeting thing - however this does not seem to matter to either of the lovers involved, as they ""chase after it"".
_	These properties characterise the knowledge that is captured by each type of deliverable.
_	Even with additional regulation by government bodies, such as the Health and Safety Executive or the Environment Agency, companies may still have a collective incentive to ignore the rules in the knowledge that the costs and likelihood of enforcement is weaker than potential profits.
_	Soon after being initiated the project became the subject of harsh criticisms by indigenous activists and Mexican intellectuals who questioned how knowledge obtained from individual Maya could be patented by researchers or foreign pharmaceutical companies, how the PROMAYA NGO established by the Berlins and under their control could be considered representative of the many different Maya communities in Chiapas, and how it was possible for the knowledge that had been collective property of the Maya peoples to become suddenly privatized without the prior consent of each of the individual initual holders of the knowledge.
_	Regarding such gestures as a green light, and safe in the knowledge that the US would not intervene in Diệm's defense, the army staged a successful coup in November, resulting in the assassination of the president.
_	Sudhi now Sudhakaran (Mammootty) becomes a Mechanic while Ramesh (Mohanlal) works for Vikraman Nair without the knowledge that he is the man who cheated his mother of her properties and Raju now S.I. Rajashekaran(Devan) becomes a Police Officer.
_	Often, the discomfort is heightened by the knowledge that "it didn't have to be this way"; that is, that if the company wanted to achieve the goal of the project, it could have done so in a successful way had it been managed competently (such as by devoting the obviously required resources, including bringing all relevant expertise, technology, or applied science to the task rather than just whatever incomplete knowledge a few employees happened to possess).
_	However, his failing strength and increasing discomfort and outright pain also bring out his bitterness in the knowledge that his life will be over before he ever had time to make anything much of it.
_	With the knowledge that Belisa is often around her Aunt Teodora, Lisardo’s good friend Reselo, pretends to court Teodora.
_	Academic skeptics (so called because this was the type of skepticism taught in Plato's Academy in Athens) hold that all knowledge is impossible, except for the knowledge that all other knowledge is impossible.
_	It cannot be said that they were, as a rule, attractive to watch, but extra care could be excused in view of the knowledge that failure on their part probably—and usually—meant the cheap dismissal of the side."
_	Depending on the reason for the call (and hence its timing), the speed of the delivery and the batsman's reactions, the batsman may then be able to play a more aggressive shot at the delivery, safe in the knowledge that he cannot be dismissed.
_	Ceibal Project has strategic principles: equity of knowledge, equal opportunities for children and youth, the disposition of tools to learn, not only the knowledge that is given by the school, but also with the knowledge that the child can learn by him or herself.
_	It describes the feelings of parted lovers , connected by the knowledge that the same moon shines on them both.
_	Unstructured data can also simply be the knowledge that business users have about future business trends.
_	The psychological barriers to murder, extortion, racketeering, ambuscade, and arson, were intensified in the knowledge that victims were neighbours, who had once lived peaceably side-by-side.
_	Using her love for her brother and the knowledge that she is imperfect, Meg frees Charles Wallace from the control of the IT and releases Camazotz from the control of the evil entity.
_	Shukra in the Puranic mythology is famed as one with the knowledge that raises the dead back to life, something that helps the violent evil return to life even after the gods and the forces of good destroy them; this knowledge is sought by the gods and is ultimately gained by them.
_	My obsession with Indrapuri Studios began from the knowledge that Satyajitbabu (Ray) made a lot of his films there."
_	The nature of the knowledge that angelic messengers carry is always heavenly; that is to say, it is divine, and only by being sanctioned by God can it be transmitted to humans, and only for necessary reasons.
_	Michael F. Strmiska comments that despite the claim that Scandinavia was home to the last pagans in Europe, within the scene: "A point of particular pride is the knowledge that Lithuania was the last country in all of Europe to officially abandon its native Pagan traditions and convert to Christianity in 1387."
_	But there's the knowledge that they're barely dressed, and sometimes, that's enough.
_	According to Norman, "bodhi" may basically have meant the knowledge that "nibbana" was attained, due to the practice of "dhyana".
_	These facts, combined with the knowledge that she was on her second voyage since her last overhaul, leads me to believe that something very remarkable lies contributed to her destruction."
_	Amid uncertainty and rising panic, Lindsay juggles the possibility of a new love with an unsolvable investigation, and the knowledge that one member of the club could be on the brink of death.
_	After his release in 2004, he went straight back to his political activism with the knowledge that he could be killed.
_	Two days later the old king died, defeated and miserable in the knowledge that even his favoured son John had rebelled.
_	"I considered him a great strategist," Truman later recalled, "until he made the march into North Korea without the knowledge that he should have had of the Chinese coming in."
_	Dorothy Carey had refused to leave England, being pregnant with their fourth son and having never been more than a few miles from home; but before they left they asked her again to come with them and she gave consent, with the knowledge that her sister Kitty would help her give birth.
_	According to Professor James Cotton, writing in his book on the invasion, Suharto in fact avoided coming to Australia, with the knowledge that there would be public protests.
_	It's not you, it's me is a popular phrase used in the context of breaking up, and is intended to ease the dumpee's feeling in the knowledge that it wasn't their fault, but rather the fault of the dumper.
_	Although she was devastated, pressure from the studio and the knowledge that Todd had large debts led Taylor to return to work only three weeks later.
_	Having done so, when his time came, he died, content with the knowledge that they would be well taken care of.
_	It was powerful because of the knowledge that addiction could come to anyone, including a First Lady and Karen Mackenzie."
_	Nelson entered the ring for his final throw with the knowledge that he would now need an exceptional throw to beat Bilonog- he unleashed what looked to be a gold medal-winning 70-foot throw, but he then fouled by stepping on the line to the left-front of the circle.
_	Focusing on the psychological aspects of computer forensics, Ryan uses her experience as a Ph.D. to get inside the mind of the subjects she pursues, battling bombings ("Crowd Sourced"), electronic crime scene tampering ("The Evil Twin"), cyber-bullying ("URL Interrupted"), pop-ups ("Click Your Poison"), planes ("L0m1s"), and bit coins ("Bit by Bit"), all with the knowledge that her own past threatens to put her, and her colleagues, at risk ("Selfie 2.0", "Family Secrets").
_	With the knowledge that early educational intervention programs, such as extended childcare during preschool years, can significantly prepare low-income students for educational and life successes, comes a certain degree of responsibility.
_	For it is their hope that the knowledge that will be imparted here will be directed, above all, to service, and such service must comprise, above all, service to country.
_	Depressed, with the knowledge that he can't recharge his head any more, Ernest starts packing his things until he finds three of his friends mocking him.
_	Jacques Berthoud provides another theory, arguing that the speech "exhibits two qualities seldom found together: an unevasive emotional recognition of the horrors of her injuries, and the knowledge that, despite her transformation into a living grave of herself, she remains the person he knows and loves."
_	Macmillan's interest in publishing it was encouraged by the knowledge that Velikovsky had obtained a promise from Gordon Atwater, Director of the Hayden Planetarium, for a sky show based on the book when it was published.
_	Sail trainee crew sign on with the knowledge that they will be participating fully in ship's operations.
_	Gold looks on, unsettled by the knowledge that his own grandson will be his undoing.
_	ViCAP operates under the knowledge that serial homicides are almost always sexually and control driven with a consistent evolving signature present in each murder.
_	Based on the knowledge that formula_28 and formula_29 have Hamming distance at most one, for input formula_28 from source formula_6, since the receiver already has formula_29, the only possible formula_28 are those with at most 1 distance from formula_29.
_	Although she had always believed she did not want to have children, she is devastated by the knowledge that she no longer has the option.
_	The match was drawn, having been earlier interrupted by rain which cut the playing time, but in the knowledge that quick scoring was vital, Ganteaume's slow batting adversely affected the West Indies' chances of victory.
_	No person knowing of the elastic quality of rubber, could be wanting in the knowledge that a piece of rubber could be made to encompass and adhere to a pencil, ink eraser, or other article of similar character, by making a hole in it, nor could any one be deficient in the skill requisite to make such a hole.
_	The Scottish Poetry Library describes Fraser's style as follows:".. there was a never-extinguished sadness in Fraser’s life: the knowledge that she was an unwanted child.
_	Anyone with an important document urgently required elsewhere (usually London) could consult Bradshaw and discover the next train from the local station offering a connection with a train to London (or wherever) and they could then hand in the letter at the local station, secure in the knowledge that the recipient (whom they informed by telephone or telegraph) could collect it on arrival by the specified train.
_	Just the knowledge that a mine or booby trap could be placed anywhere slowed combat operations and forced allied troops to clear almost the entire Vietnam road net every day.:
_	Congressman George Miller pushed for the memorial to be upgraded to national park status in 2002, in the knowledge that such status would help the site "become more competitive for federal funds to upgrade and enhance facilities and education materials".
_	He challenges the manservant with the knowledge that Iris Dawkins was killed in the sewing room, not the living room.
_	In addition, virtual CFOs can obtain the Qualified Cloud CFO (QCCFO) professional certification provided by the International Association of Qualified Cloud Accountants (IAQCA) that is specifically focused on the knowledge that financial professionals need to deliver their services within the Internet and Cloud environment.
_	He is creative store of knowledge for the agriculturists, the knowledge that dug a water channel to bring Yamuna water to Vrindavan, that restored groves, farms and forests, that produced goods and drinks.
_	From his position on the International Judo Committee, he began to study judo scientifically, incorporating the knowledge that he had gained by self-rehabilitation.
_	Mr. Yevtushenko’s defenders point to "how much he did to oppose the Stalin legacy, his animus fueled by the knowledge that both of his grandfathers had perished in Stalin’s purges of the 1930s.
_	To congratulate him, American President Bill Clinton wrote, "You can take pride in the knowledge that your work will help to improve lives for generations to come."
_	Whereas the SWEBOK Guide defines the software engineering knowledge that practitioners should have after four years of practice, SE2004 defines the knowledge that an undergraduate software engineering student should possess upon graduation (including knowledge of mathematics, general engineering principles, and other related areas).
_	He has gotten the knowledge that he needs and is anxious to join his father in the actual work of making money.
_	Safe in the knowledge that the Lutheran Church supported their resistance, many dissatisfied East German citizens gathered in the court of the church, and non-violent demonstrations began in order to demand rights such as the freedom to travel to foreign countries and to elect a democratic government.
_	In this way, the knowledge that is formed from a situation is continuously applied and reapplied, building on a practitioner's prior experiences and knowledge.
_	Both types of programs will usually feature lecture series to further develop the knowledge that trainees received from their respective dental schools.
_	After the ship hit the iceberg, Jago Smith was sent to report to Captain Smith on the mailroom's conditions, confirming the knowledge that the ship was sinking.
_	According to Long, the Jain legends state that Neminatha taught Krishna the knowledge that he shared with Arjuna in the "Bhagavad Gita", a historic reason that has led Jains to accept, read and cite the "Bhagavad Gita" as a spiritually important text, celebrate Krishna related festivals and intermingle with Hindus as spiritual cousins.
_	The goal is that all of the students will learn the same concepts and be able to use the knowledge that comes from the scripted lessons.
_	Academic capitalism is when universities act like profit-seeking organizations that market the knowledge that they can give to students, or clients.
_	Oxford Castle, however, was a powerful fortress and, rather than storming it, Stephen had to settle down for a long siege, albeit secure in the knowledge that Matilda was now surrounded.
_	Following Ruth Moufang's discovery in 1933 of the Cayley projective plane or "octonionic projective plane" P(O), whose symmetry group is the exceptional Lie group F, and with the knowledge that "G" is the automorphism group of the octonions, it was proposed by that the remaining exceptional Lie groups "E", "E", and E are isomorphism groups of projective planes over certain algebras over the octonions:
_	Rather, people, on their own initiative, with the knowledge that God granted them, do anything that people are able to do.
_	In the meaning of the passage, the lover of the knowledge that belongs only to the knowing God, the "philosophos", becomes the "theophilos", the lover of God."
_	In the 1950s, Silverman contributed to the knowledge that retinopathy of prematurity was related to the high concentrations of oxygen administered to premature infants.
_	Republicans controlled the U.S. Senate and refused to act, exacting a measure of revenge on Stevenson for replacing Republican postmasters while also secure in the knowledge that they would be able to confirm a Republican nominee after Benjamin Harrison was inaugurated.
_	With the knowledge that stress and drug primes contribute to relapse behavior, measures to avoid stressful situations can help addicts avoid returning to their addictive behaviors.
_	According to the cartoonist Don Rosa, this book was written by the Guardians of the lost Library of Alexandria, compiling the essence of all the knowledge that was unique to the Library.
_	Soroka and Raffaeli define cultural capital as “the knowledge that enables an individual to interpret various cultural codes.”
_	However, the Court also stressed the need to strike a balance between ensuring access to the courts and preserving judicial resources, citing the concern of an "unnecessary proliferation of marginal or redundant suits brought by well-meaning organizations pursuing their own particular cases certain in the knowledge that their cause is all important."
_	The idea has arisen from the knowledge that some cognitive skills appear differentially localised to a specific hemisphere (e.g., language functions are typically supported by left hemisphere brain regions in healthy right handed people).
_	John has some trouble absorbing the knowledge that this string of insults is the man's name; meeting A Sniveling Little Rat-Faced's wife, Dreary Fat Boring Old Git (John Cleese), doesn't help.
_	Emily says that Teddy must never be told of this, but triumphs in the knowledge that he did love her once.
_	Faced with the knowledge that the Temora Mail would soon be due, the goods train was brought forward so that it could be reversed into a siding on the eastern side of the station yard.
_	Holland accepted with the knowledge that he was to resign the seat when Webb was released.
_	The band has described it as their first album recorded with the knowledge that they were really a band, whereas "Get Out the Lotion," their debut album, was recorded under more informal circumstances.
_	The most literal translation is ‘Virtue alone enobles’, but in more recent times the College has adopted ‘Virtue is its own reward’ as more appropriate, suggesting that a man should not be motivated by a potential reward, but rather by the knowledge that whatever he does should be fundamentally good in itself.
_	It is highly possible that Bur came from somewhere in or around Aberdeenshire, although that is not certain and is only based on the knowledge that Aberdeenshire is where other people bearing his surname come from in this period.
_	She could not afford to go away as before, so got off the ship before it sailed and planned to stay in town in disguise (the wig, etc.) as the knowledge that she had no money could have hurt her career.
_	Further criticism has been leveled by Brody (2004), who claimed that unlike tests of cognitive ability, the MSCEIT "tests knowledge of emotions but not necessarily the ability to perform tasks that are related to the knowledge that is assessed".
_	Blinded in a childhood accident, her attendants must keep from her the knowledge that she is blind, while a Moorish physician conducts a long slow medical procedure to restore her sight.
_	Otsu now understands that Takezo was trying to shield her from the knowledge that Matahachi had abandoned her, and begs him to let her travel with him.
_	Searching for the knowledge that will enable them to improve the quality of their lives and the lives of those around them."
_	It was, in the first place, a struggle for the Baltic littoral, and the struggle was intensified by the knowledge that the Polish Vasas denied the right of Gustavus to the Swedish throne.
_	Williams stepped down from his position on 26 February 2018, stating "I leave in the knowledge that NME matters again, that it sets the agenda again, and that it's doing exactly what it always should again: turning the young people of Britain onto the music that's going to change their lives."
_	Hanner had invested confidently in the enterprise, in the knowledge that several similar hotels had been established elsewhere downtown, but within five years of its opening, the United States sank into the Great Depression.
_	Three cyclists rode into Central Park to defy the law with the knowledge that Pope would pay their legal fees.
_	He soon signed a one-year contract in the knowledge that he would be Roy McFarland's first choice goalkeeper for the 2001–02 season.
_	Jeanine graduated cum laude from UCLA in the Spring of 2014 and accredits the knowledge that she has attained at the school to fueling her creative work.
_	The recapitulation ability only follows after the knowledge of spatial and temporal patterns have been identified, along with giving the knowledge that corticogenesis can occur without input from the brain.
_	Moreover, the knowledge that such operations are being carried out greatly enhanced the morale of the combat aircrew faced not only with the expected hostile reaction of the enemy but with the possible danger of aircraft malfunction during long overwater flights.
_	It was a moderately shameless stunt of him, being safe in the knowledge that the average speed of the famous express was no more than about 40 mph once all its stops and detours were taken into account.
_	Playing online games is not just for the mere fact of showing off one's skills in the digital arena, the real draw for opponents and the draw for even participating in the digital arena is the knowledge that there is a real, emotional being on the other end to compete against.
_	The handle of the pitchfork represents the sense of competence that comes from the knowledge that the individual is able to achieve goals and cope with adverse circumstances.
_	Despite this, with the knowledge that his two true friends, Kusano and Kotani, will always be there for him, Kiritani gets over it.
_	However, the intense social isolation they face, as well as the knowledge that the eventual onset of symptoms is inevitable, makes some of the second-generation patients wonder whether these efforts are worth it.
_	Unaired episodes from the third season were broadcast alongside fourth season episodes from October 2009 through June 2010 (a total of 37 episodes), including four new episodes airing in a Christmas Day "marathon" and two new episodes being scheduled against Super Bowl XLIV with the knowledge that these episodes would have minuscule ratings.
_	In actuality, all four would survive in some form: the robotic Techno had recovered Jolt's body and used her electrical powers to resurrect her from the dead, even while he "died", imbuing her with the knowledge that Hawkeye had failed to get the team pardoned in the process.
_	The diary entry makes it clear that Borenius was there to impart the knowledge that Britain was still ready to talk peace, "though not for much longer".
_	For these gentle people are dominated by the knowledge that the present happy state of affairs cannot continue."
_	Shortly after the building's opening, "New York Times" architecture critic Ada Louise Huxtable wrote: "Boston can celebrate with the knowledge that it has produced a superior public building in an age that values cheapness over quality as a form of public virtue.
_	Knowledge of Health and Illness is the knowledge that the nurse must attain about their client’s health issue.
_	Emboldened by the knowledge that his personal relationship with Nixon was far warmer than that of Richard Helms, the Lyndon Johnson-appointed Director of Central Intelligence, Hoover proceeded to break off direct contact with the CIA Later, when the agency sent him requests for information, he would curse the CIA and say, "Let them do their own work!"
_	After recovering from a coma and aiming to redeem herself upon the knowledge that her Hellions had been slaughtered, Frost played a pivotal role in the Phalanx Covenant, which saw her team up with Banshee, Jubilee, and Sabretooth in an attempt to save the next generation of mutants.
_	However, it was recognised that fir hulls deteriorated faster; the use of fir was seen as a stop-gap measure to get them faster into service, but with the knowledge that they would not last as long.
_	Sessions were "much less volatile than usual" according to Rhys, as the five members of the band felt they had to reach consensus over everything because they were producing the record themselves—while recording their previous albums the band would often fall out and shout at each other safe in the knowledge that Owen would act as a mediator and take the final decisions.
_	At twenty, he found it increasingly unbearable to think that he would remain locked up with the knowledge that it would always be this way and that he would never have the freedom to decide for himself where he wanted to live.
_	The end of this new journey may not be the glories of financial riches, but the satisfaction of a job well done and the knowledge that even if you never sell much, that is still better than selling out.
_	Buck and Chloe form a ministry known as Children of the Tribulation (COT), in the knowledge that these must be brought to a saving knowledge of Jesus Christ before their one-hundredth year, or they shall die and go to hell.
_	By the time a Ten-Hour Act was passed, however, Oastler had greatly moderated his rhetoric; on the political level the evils he had campaigned against were greatly reduced by the existing Factory Act and increasing compliance with it; on the personal level he was deeply touched by the knowledge that his release from debtors' prison had been assisted by donations from those who differed greatly from his politics and his views on factory reform.
_	Social psychology research added to the knowledge that the United States government and military felt they needed for operating in a new world dynamic (East v. West).
_	Although Shane was cleared, the knowledge that Shane had lied to her not only about his past but about his wife (Lila Roberts) put a wedge between them.
_	Glebe for the premiership, the Tricolours took Glebe on with the knowledge that a victory would entitle them to a re-match for the premiership.
_	With the knowledge that Teddy has a crush on Helen, he asks Linda to stop interfering between them saying that Linda's going to ruin his chances.
_	The possible problems of this system, in addition to the knowledge that George Washington would probably be the first president, calmed the fears enough so that the proponents of a singular executive could accumulate a large coalition.
_	Keats then brought his ships into Gibraltar, where efforts to repair the squadron were increased, with the knowledge that Moreno would soon be sailing to Cadiz with Linois squadron.
_	She earns Norris' respect with her work although he responds to the knowledge that the shooting was random with incredulity because of the political ramifications it had.
_	Since not all reverse payments are anticompetitive, Morrison says, "A company with a very solid patent, but with the knowledge that there is always a chance it may be struck down and with the realization that even winning a patent case costs lots of money, may be willing to make a modest payment to gain several years of peace and profits." so the problem is "separating the wheat from the chaff."
_	Fearful of complications, most surgeons delayed the potentially life-saving tracheotomy until a patient was moribund, despite the knowledge that irreversible organ damage would have already occurred by that time.
_	Their plan is empowered with the knowledge that passenger Don Greene has experience in flying.
_	In the knowledge that, if caught, the rebels would force them to open the doors, Sisters Alba and Fassera woke the one older nun, Sister Matilde, and together hid in the compound's stock house.
_	Smith told Matthews "there are no shackles here ... express yourself ... play your own game and whatever you do on the pitch, do it in the knowledge that you have my full support."
_	Despite numerous casualties, a dwindling supply of ammunition and the knowledge that they were surrounded, he skillfully directed artillery fire to within a few meters of his position and courageously inspired the efforts of his company in repelling the aggressive enemy attack.
_	Since 1967, Druze brides have been allowed to cross into Syria, although they do so in the knowledge that they may not be able to return.
_	In order to achieve this, the anodic peaks are calculated and analyzed with the knowledge that the first and third anodic peaks can be assigned to the first and second oxidation of flavonoids, while the second anodic peak represents phenolic acids.
_	In this state and with the knowledge that the girl is safe, he accepts another summoning.
_	These effects could originate either from the participant having the knowledge that they performed worse than others, were unwittingly manipulated to perform worse, or were viewed negatively by a superior in the research paradigm; on the other hand, participants in a position of superiority that were manipulated to have negative expectancies may feel guilty about treating others differently following the experiment.
_	Gebroe was inspired by her experience to write a movie which, in his words, is "[a]bout how terrifying it is to dedicate yourself wholly and completely to a relationship in the knowledge that one day that person might be taken from you just like that."
_	His visit to the palace of Osiris in the underworld, where he sees his deceased parents, comforts him but reinforces the knowledge that he will never be able to live with them.
_	Let us hope our pacifists at home may at length realise that the rapidly-growing monster of German militarism will not be placated by mere cooings, but will only be restrained from recourse to its "ultima ratio" by the knowledge that the Powers who desire peace are also strong enough to enforce it.
_	He advised voters in South Carolina to take note of the symbolism of Obama's early success, with the knowledge that South Carolina was a segregated state less than fifty years earlier, and discouraged voting either for or against Obama on the basis of his race.
_	The winter of 1912 at Cape Evans was a sombre one, with the knowledge that the polar party had undoubtedly perished.
_	For years, long after his days of baseball glory were over, Freddy Goldsmith lived happily in the knowledge that posterity would always know him as the inventor of the curve ball.
_	In both scenarios, you must put aside the knowledge that the performers know the outcome of the event being relayed and, in a sense, play along.
_	Nine months later, she gives birth to their son, naming him Alexander Chance, and reunites with Carter, safe in the knowledge that they defeated Death.
_	That pride, that sense of achievement, the knowledge that I was selected on the basis of my performance and merit above all other candidates on that day is what enables me to hold my head up high in this place."
_	Through this experience, he gained the knowledge that lead him to become head of video for Bloomberg Media Group.
_	Their musical careers are affected by this affair and the knowledge that Julia is going deaf.
_	According to Bahrick, the knowledge that remained after 5 years is stored in the permastore.
_	Mission Control did not want the crew of "Discovery" to have their thinking compromised by the knowledge that alien contact was already real.)
_	Many of them reflected the knowledge that there would be interaction with other pieces, but they are also longer and more "practical" than most of the texts of "Aus den sieben Tagen" .
_	Their plan is empowered by the knowledge that passenger Don Greene has experience in flying aircraft.
_	The relationship is further complicated, when during July 1995 David confides in the Samaritans charity (unbeknownst to any of his family) that he still feels sexually attracted to Bianca despite the knowledge that he is her biological father.
_	During the first two years of Duncan's command the work was limited to enforcing a rigid blockade of the enemy's coast, but in the spring of 1797 it became more important from the knowledge that the Dutch fleet in the Texel was getting ready for sea.
_	But Snot finds he only wanted the knowledge that he had a chance and is no longer interested in Hayley.
_	To celebrate the knowledge that home is looking for them and regular communication will be possible in due time, the crew of "Voyager" hold a party in honor of Barclay.
_	They did so in the knowledge that the FR were hard on their heels striving to open their part of the new station.
_	At her death, Chopra wrote, Ferguson could rest in the knowledge that "a watershed had been crossed," and that her "leaderless revolution" had steadily gained force around the world in the generation since the book was written.
_	Ms. Walker and everyone who sets foot in the Capitol should be able to enter this building secure in the knowledge that they will be treated with respect.
_	Delaney surmised that Cloncurry had bet that Piers could not seduce Lady Cloncurry, in the knowledge that even if he lost the bet he could take Piers to court.
_	The obituary notice in "The Times" said of him: "To the [theatrical] profession he was the man to whom all turned for years in the knowledge that from his pen there would come just the right mixture to give each member of the cast the chance to shine in his or her particular way and so ensure the success of a venture which, as with all musical comedy, for all its surface gaiety, is a serious business risk."
_	However he takes comfort in the knowledge that Nan, about to give birth, is safe with Ma Turk at St John's Hospital.
_	An American ambassador stated that Brazil remained "paranoid" over its ability to retain claims to the Amazon Rainforest and oil reserves, despite the knowledge that there are "no international threats" over them.
_	Basic training provides the knowledge that is common to all trades and fields of the Canadian Forces, and "develops a military state of mind and behaviour, the mental and physical endurance and the combat skills necessary for the profession of arms."
_	As military technologies are seldom if ever shared, each generation of technology requires each nation or group of nations to undertake long-term research programs independent of each other with no concrete knowledge of the weapons systems they will be expected to compete against, but with the knowledge that completing a project before competing nations will provide a considerable advantage, while falling behind could be disastrous.
_	Subsequently, in the 2008 series, the Doctor's friendship with Donna Noble is strengthened, after the infatuations with Martha and Rose, by the knowledge that she has no romantic interest in him whatsoever.
_	It looks at what researchers claim are implicit emotional reactions of people confronted with the knowledge that they will eventually die.
_	This counter argument has been criticized on the grounds that SPEWS is spreading information in a way conducive for blocking and in the knowledge that people are using it to block.
_	He believed that the knowledge that can be obtained about prehistory will necessarily be qualitatively different from the knowledge of historic periods, based on written texts.
_	Cavataio killed Di Pisa in the knowledge that the La Barberas would be blamed by the Grecos and a war would be the result.
_	He went further than any other Israeli Prime Minister in the deals he offered the Palestinians at Camp David, but he has himself described his loyalties to the rightwing—he had opposed the Oslo agreements—only making such peace offers out of pragmatism for the knowledge that controlling Palestinians was only going to lead to continued violence.
_	When Le Grange reveals that he knows that she is the Countess d'Altena, she reveals the knowledge that he is Bras Piqué.
_	One of the conditions of Feynman's scholarship to Princeton was that he could not be married; but he continued to see his high school sweetheart, Arline Greenbaum, and was determined to marry her once he had been awarded his Ph.D. despite the knowledge that she was seriously ill with tuberculosis.
_	He immediately drew good notices: "The Times" reviewed his Don Alfonso in September of that year, commenting, "his eagle-eyed squire of an Alfonso, wise in the knowledge that he will be proved right in the end ... is an interpretation much preferable to the buffo clowning seen in this role at Glyndebourne."
_	Perry must deal with the knowledge that her father is a corrupt U.S. Senator whose malfeasance destroyed her family in the original timeline.
_	Hafner tested the reliability of the CMAS with the knowledge that the TMAS had a feminine bias.
_	In acknowledgement of this motif, Lisa Cohen of the Boston Review points out that "The Emigrants"' section-title characters "suffer[ ] from memory and from the compulsion to obliterate it; from a mourning and melancholia so deep that it is almost unnamable; from the knowledge that he has survived while those he loved have not; from problems distinguishing dream and reality; from a profound sense of displacement."
_	Molly leaves there with the knowledge that the psychic is a fraud and she loses hope, much to Sam's dismay ("Rain/Hold On").
_	Research by the pastor H. Gramm in the 1920s yielded the knowledge that the church had originally been consecrated to Saint Vitus (or "St. Veit" in German).
_	The swim team celebrates, but also saddens with the knowledge that they will not be swimming together next year.
_	This led to Nicklaus conceding Jacklin's final putt with the knowledge that the overall competition would end in a draw.
_	Neelix tries to protect Naomi Wildman from the knowledge that her mother is in danger and may be lost on a mission.
_	Washington thanked the soldier and walked back to where the rest of the troops camped, warmed by the inspiration of those little flames and the knowledge that miracles are possible.
_	With his aggressive way of doing things, even dissenters within the party had to suffer with the knowledge that Holz, as a party man and as Streicher's pupil, had partly taken over from his master.
_	He is inevitably forced to flee again but with the knowledge that what he has gained from his time in the mountains will go with him.
_	They were held in check by the Abbot's own penal jurisdiction, and by the knowledge that the Abbot could instantly expel them to their fate at the hands of the Common Law: the Abbey Gatehouse was split into two prisons, one of the Abbot's and one for the constables outside.
_	Article 2.1 defines the crime of terrorist financing as the offense committed by "any person" who "by any means, directly or indirectly, unlawfully and willfully, provides or collects funds with the intention that they should be used or in the knowledge that they are to be used, in full or in part, in order to carry out" an act "intended to cause death or serious bodily injury to a civilian, or to any other person not taking an active part in the hostilities in a situation of armed conflict, when the purpose of such act, by its nature or context, is to intimidate a population, or to compel a government or an international organization to do or to abstain from doing any act."
_	Meanwhile, the knowledge that the Tooth Fairy is not real prompts Kyle to question the truth of all things, including his own existence.
_	Buemi said that was looking forward to competing in Marrakesh but had the knowledge that it would not be easy to repeat his Hong Kong victory.
_	He told Today FM "sometimes I let myself down" while covering the topic, relating his passion to his own experience in the sport and the knowledge that other riders have died from doping.
_	Practically, this means that, armed only with the knowledge that 1 dB is approximately 26% power gain, 3 dB is approximately 2× power gain, and 10 dB is 10× power gain, it is possible to determine the power ratio of a system from the gain in dB with only simple addition and multiplication.
_	The island is known for its scholarly reputation and the knowledge that its capital city, Kohnid, has.
_	Supporting evidence for a genetic cause was primarily obtained by assessment of family lines, coupled with the knowledge that many animals will rupture the CrCL in both knees, often relatively early in life.
_	In a similar fashion, in 1868 Hermann von Helmholtz clearly distinguished between das Kennen, the knowledge that consisted of "mere familiarity with phenomena", and das Wissen, "the knowledge of [phenomena] which can be communicated by speech".
_	In the interactive activation framework, the knowledge that guides processing is stored in the connections between units on the same and adjacent levels.
_	The processing units that they connect may receive input from a number of different sources, which allows the knowledge that guides processing to be completely local while, at the same time, allowing the results of processing at one level to influence processing at other levels, both above and below.
_	Learning this skill leads to "containing" the energy and gaining the knowledge that frustrations and conflicts arouse, rather than discharging, binding or constricting it in defensive symptoms.
_	Finally arriving at the Pacific Ocean, Chopper faced the decision to return to imprisonment or to strike out 11,000 kilometres across the Pacific to Oz with the knowledge that he has nowhere near enough power to complete his journey.
_	She did this in the knowledge that those relatives would be unaware of her elopement, since her family (from a sense of shame) would not have revealed the matter to anyone.
_	The motivation on the Chinese side for the armistice was probably the knowledge that an allied force of 20,000 men had landed in China and retribution for the Boxers and the siege was at hand.
_	When a shy girl sees what he has done he terrifies her into silence with the knowledge that her father is a prisoner of war in Germany, and threatens to have her father hurt.
_	Thus, in the event of a medical problem, the knowledge that the individual has situs inversus can expedite diagnosis.
_	Not even the knowledge that the Cardassians were secretly supporting one Bajoran faction dissuaded the admiral, who noted, "The Cardassians may involve themselves in other people's civil wars, but we don't."
_	Spying Aria, he says "come prepared to be scared," exciting her with the knowledge that they are invited to Noel's bash.
_	He thrived under the Commonwealth as a tax farmer, taking up farms of the excise or customs and advancing other sums, secure in the knowledge that he would get his money back.
_	Armed with this sad realisation, and the knowledge that he must have been the one who killed Megan, Rachel warns Anna.
_	Hester takes comfort in the knowledge that the city will be secret and safe in this new land, and is pleased to discover that she is pregnant.
_	Before saying goodbye Diamond comforts Daniel with the knowledge that the court is not infallible and just because Foster won it doesn't mean she's right.
_	Instead, Harry must deal with the knowledge that he has been targeted by Sirius Black, his father's best friend, and, according to the Wizarding World, an escaped mass murderer who assisted in the murder of Harry's parents.
_	When Ken Tyrrell announced his intention to sell to British American Tobacco, Gascoyne was forced to leave in the knowledge that the renamed British American Racing was to employ Malcolm Oastler as Technical Director.
_	Although it is hard to pinpoint exactly when sequential lineups were first studied, the knowledge that simultaneous lineups often failed and convicted an innocent person has been common knowledge for many years.
_	Buoyed by the knowledge that Miles could recognize them as equals, Peter suggests that some day there could be peace between humans and synths.
_	It is bad in a way that will cause unfortunate viewers to huddle in the lobby afterward, hugging in small groups, consoling one another with the knowledge that it's over, it's over -- thank God, it's over.
_	Although sequencing both ends of the same fragment and keeping track of the paired data was more cumbersome than sequencing a single end of two distinct fragments, the knowledge that the two sequences were oriented in opposite directions and were about the length of a fragment apart from each other was valuable in reconstructing the sequence of the original target fragment.
_	In Guillaume La Perrière's Emblem book "Le théatre des bons engins" (The theatre of fine devices, 1544), there is an illustration of the wounded eagle accompanied by a verse commenting that its sorrow at being struck down is doubled by the knowledge that it has furnished the means for its own destruction.
_	It is, however, an important first step in the effort to provide for the women of America something that is rightfully theirs—an equal chance to attend the schools of their choice, to develop the skills they want, and to apply those skills with the knowledge that they will have a fair chance to secure the jobs of their choice with equal pay for equal work".
_	She also said: "In view of the widespread knowledge uncovered in this investigation, we consider that it is scarcely credible that no one connected to the Milly Dowler investigation recognised the relevance and importance of the knowledge that Surrey Police had in 2002, before this information was disclosed by Operation Weeting."
_	That night, both Carrie and Dante tease each other with the knowledge that the other was spying on them.
_	In the knowledge that they could not accomplish anything in parliament, the SDAP focused on the extra-parliamentary movement for universal suffrage, for both men and women, regardless of class.
_	The CCI hoped that unwitting infringers, such as those whose home networks have been hijacked by unauthorized users or the parents of children who are infringing, would use the knowledge that their account is being used for copyright infringement to force users of the account to curtail these activities.
_	Douglas, for example, realizes that with the knowledge that he is alive also comes the gloomy fact that he also must die.
_	The story originated when Asimov read the obituary of his friend Cyril Kornbluth in the "New York Times", and found himself feeling envy at the size and prominence of Kornbluth's obituary and frustration at the knowledge that he would never know whether his own obituary would be equally prominent.
_	This contributes to the knowledge that there are a variety of dry grassland environmental conditions, which are even visible in a single country.
_	Following the defeat of Jewcifer, the band find themselves back at their destroyed fortress ("Back in Crack"), receiving a 9-ton crack boulder from Sleazy P. Martini, and pondering over how meaningless their quest was, as they were left with absolutely nothing but a ruined castle and the knowledge that their adventure at least "was good for some kicks".
_	However, with a glut of fixtures, and possibly with the knowledge that promotion to the re-structured Northern Premier League was not an option due to ground grading, at the season’s end the club were not able to capitalise and finished in a creditable 5th position.
_	Burdened by the knowledge that the massive investigation has little chance of success, Reed accuses Warren of not taking the threat seriously enough.
_	Jamie spies himself in a mirror and sees that his birthmark has returned, and with it the knowledge that it had been there the entire time, even while he was courting Tia.
_	With the knowledge that several Rochester area streetcars were preserved at the Magee Transportation Museum, Hamlin and Morris made a visit to see what could be salvaged from the shuttered museum.
_	He raced that car at the end of the 1958 season and throughout the 1959 season, after which time he built a 1956 Ford into a race car using all of the knowledge that he had acquired.
_	For example, when we make inferences from the retinal image, the knowledge that we live in a three-dimensional world is essential to the correct interpretation of the image.
_	With the knowledge that a larger French fleet was sailing to the rescue the British ships broke off combat and retreated to the northeast.
_	Their budding relationship is threatened by the knowledge that their respective families first met years before, during a tragic accident.
_	Bel is dedicated to passing the knowledge that she gained from Abeti Masikin-to-Tabu Ley Rochereau help Young adults in Kenya and around Africa in teaching African Music (Rumba).
_	In 2008, it was announced that Gallagher would sell his home in Ibiza located near fellow musician James Blunt's, saying while in Los Angeles on the Russell Brand BBC Radio 2 show that he "can't stand living there in the knowledge that Blunt is nearby making terrible music".
_	Any mechanically embodied intelligent process will be structural ingredients that a) we as external observers naturally take to represent a propositional account of the knowledge that the overall process exhibits, and b) independent of such external semantic attribution, play a formal but causal and essential role in engendering the behavior that manifests that knowledge.
_	He wakes up in an apartment with the knowledge that some people known as the Sleepwalkers helped him and that the events in the past two chapters were misleading; that White is not his friend and was actually trying to erase his identity.
_	Critical pedagogy in schools, by extension, is proposed to ensure that schools do their students no harm by blaming students for their own failures or fail to honor the knowledge that students bring every day with them to the classroom.
_	MetaArchive enables memory institutions (libraries, archives, museums, historical societies, etc.) to embed both the technical infrastructure and the knowledge that they need to preserve their digital content within their own institutions.
_	Meanwhile, an influential 1959 sermon by Martin Luther King Jr., now known as "Shattered Dreams", took "Hope" as a symbol of frustrated ambition and the knowledge that few people live to see their wishes fulfilled, arguing that "shattered dreams are a hallmark of our mortal life", and against retreating into either apathetic cynicism, a fatalistic belief in God's will or escapist fantasy in response to failure.
_	The urgency for attaining perfection comes from the knowledge that the remnant must live perfectly during the time of trouble at the end to prove to the universe that fallen human beings can keep the law of God.
_	A further technique can be derived from the knowledge that the numbers in all houses (rows, columns and nonets) add up to 45.
_	The doctrine of 'Adl in the words of 'Abd al-Jabbar: It is the knowledge that God is removed from all that is morally wrong ("qabih") and that all His acts are morally good ("hasana").
_	Although the knowledge that Bishop Duncan McLain is the legitimate father of Earl Dhugal MacArdry helped ease the pain of Sidana's savage death, the execution of Sidana's brother and murderer has only further inflamed the Mearan rebels.
_	They are considered role models for young people of color, who, in the words of Gloria Steinem, "have been denied the knowledge that greatness looks like them."
_	In order to for an action to be considered deliberate, it must have been done with the knowledge that it was wrong, and with the intention of doing the action, and of his own free will.
_	The decision of D. João da Gama, a risk taker, was taken with the knowledge that it was an illegal enterprise, since it was well known the prohibition of trade between the world areas of Portugal and Castile (later "Spain") by the Treaties of Tordesillas and Zaragoza, ban reinforced by the letters personally written by Philip II to the Viceroys of New Spain and India, and also directly to the administrative bodies of Macau and the Philippines in 1589 and 1590s, leading to the expulsion of the Spanish from Macau in 1592.
_	Shortly after Flecknoe's return to England in 1636 his first play, now lost, was performed in London, possibly by Queen Henrietta's Men. Audiences derided as it "lascivious" and "scandalous", an assessment compounded by the knowledge that the author was an ordained priest.
_	Others however, including the then United States Secretary of State Dean Rusk, Chief of Naval Operations at the time, Admiral Thomas Moorer, some survivors of the attack and intelligence officials familiar with transcripts of intercepted signals on the day, have rejected these conclusions as unsatisfactory and maintain that the attack was made in the knowledge that the ship was American.
_	This does not imply a concrete fear that her husband will enter unexpectedly, but rather that she feels a natural inhibition, in the knowledge that her husband is close by.
_	Gravity and the rest of the group accept their fate and take peace in the knowledge that they have saved the world, even if their sacrifice goes unnoticed.
_	Although sequencing both ends of the same fragment and keeping track of the paired data was more cumbersome than sequencing a single end of two distinct fragments, the knowledge that the two sequences were oriented in opposite directions and were about the length of a fragment apart from each other was valuable in reconstructing the sequence of the original target fragment.
_	With the French busy creating their "cordon sanitaire" in the Palatinate (too busy to consider serious intervention in the Spanish Netherlands or to move against the south-eastern Dutch provinces along the Rhine) the States General unanimously gave William their full support in the knowledge that the overthrow of James II was in the security interests of their own state.
_	He survived but returned to a broken homeland and the knowledge that it was unlikely he would ever be welcome in England again.
_	The redeveloped border system took advantage of the knowledge that had been obtained in building and maintaining the Berlin Wall: the border defences were systematically upgraded to make it far harder to cross; barbed-wire fences were replaced with harder-to-climb steel mesh; directional anti-personnel mines and anti-vehicle ditches were introduced to block the movement of people and vehicles; tripwires and electric signals were introduced to make it easier for the border guards to detect escapees; all-weather patrol roads were built to enable rapid access to any point along the border; and wooden guard towers were replaced with prefabricated concrete towers and observation bunkers.
_	Yet, the knowledge that most of the camps were no longer functioning raises the question of where the victims of these centers went.
_	She begins to feel at home, and yet deep within herself Shirley discovers that she wants to hold on to her memories of China, and the knowledge that she is Chinese inside, as well as American.
_	In the knowledge that his header was placed to perfection, Pelé immediately shouted "Gol!" (Brazilian Portuguese for goal).
_	With no income and with the knowledge that Earth will disappear in the 27th century, he fears they will be taken over and driven into exile by one of the other towers on Hypsis.
_	Diderot, in his "Encyclopédie" article of the same name, went further: "to collect all the knowledge that now lies scattered over the face of the earth, to make known its general structure to the men among we live, and to transmit it to those who will come after us", to make men not only wiser but also "more virtuous and more happy."
_	Their pity for Mrs. Favor's life eventually outweighs the knowledge that Grimes is using her to bait a trap, and Jessie talks Russell into saving Mrs. Favor.
_	Van Helsing and the others must forever be haunted by the knowledge that Vampires exist and must constantly be on guard against evil.
_	De Fougeres also demonstrates the knowledge that lesbians did not need to imitate heterosexual intercourse but had alternative sexual methods.
_	Of course, the knowledge that her courage changed her status dramatically led to her possible conviction that had she shown such elan from the onset, her child would be alive.
_	In 1876, the historian Antonia Garcia Maceira argued that where the Romans and then the Goths who farmed in Spain made little effort to improve their crops or to import species from other regions, under "the Arabs", there was an agricultural "revolution" in Al-Andalus (Islamic Spain) caused "by implementing the knowledge that they acquired through observation during their peregrinations, and the result was extensive agricultural settlement."
_	Uncertainty plays a large role in an epistemic community's influence, because they hold the knowledge that policy makers need to create the wanted outcomes in policy.
_	In his acceptance speech, Harold Zoid says his nephew's gesture has made him realize that the award itself is secondary to the knowledge that someone, even if only one person, still respects him as a filmmaker.
_	Her obituarist, Tatiana Proskouriakoff, wrote concerning these and other unfinished projects, that "It is unlikely that anyone else can continue the projects she had begun, for she relied strongly on a phenomenal memory, composing an entire thesis in her mind before putting anything down on paper, and her notes probably do not reflect the knowledge that she had acquired.
_	With the knowledge that only peace can bring calamity, he lets the humans go.
_	During thorough renovations in 1985, a dendrochronological investigation of the roof frame yielded the knowledge that the wood had come from trees felled in 1310.
_	Based on the knowledge that ifi202 gene is a regulator of apoptosis and cell proliferation, ifi202 was implicated in the autoimmune disease SLE.
_	Their lectures were factual and objective; in addition, laboratory experiments were assigned to reinforce the knowledge that students had gained from lecture.
_	For a period, the gardaí involved in the case failed to act on the knowledge that another man, Mark Nash, had confessed to the crime.
_	Those who had a basic concept of global warming didn’t necessarily connect it to human activities, revealing that a knowledge of global warming and the knowledge that it’s human-induced are two separate things.
_	Clients of such companies are safe in the knowledge that they are engaging with professionals who are widely recognised for their talents and for their attachment to their geographical roots and to the «Made in France» label.
_	Debray described Guevara as "optimistic about the future of Latin America" despite the futile situation, and remarked that Guevara was "resigned to die in the knowledge that his death would be a sort of renaissance", noting that Guevara perceived death "as a promise of rebirth" and "ritual of renewal".
_	Although all the official doctrines of Christian churches have long been fully public, the loosely defined area of Christian thought called Christian mysticism often concerns the contemplation of sacred mysteries and may include the development of personal theories about them, undertaken in the knowledge that they can never be fully apprehended by man.
_	This jealousy is further spurred by the knowledge that Tom left Dante's old crush because he had gotten her pregnant and she wanted more of a commitment.
_	Despite the knowledge that the capitol would soon become useless because the Nation itself would become defunct, the Nation pursued construction of an imposing building as a memorial to the existence of the Chickasaw people.
_	They developed the concept of phonemic awareness, the knowledge that would-be readers must be aware of the phonemic structure of their language in order to be able to read.
_	The absence of limits on appeals to the House of Lords was the cause of much concern: it led to an additional set of expensive and time-consuming appeals from the Court of Appeal, which thus could not take decisions in the knowledge that they were final.
_	Arbogad, the leader of the group of Arabs, sets him free and he heads for Babylonia once more, equipped with the knowledge that a rebellion has taken place to oust the king.
_	Maugham tries to console Isabel with the knowledge that Larry is happy because he has found in himself the quality of true "goodness."
_	Despite this sudden expansion of another nation's fleet, the British Admiralty felt secure in the knowledge that Germany would only have four modern capital ships in commission by 1910, while the Royal Navy would have eleven.
_	But until the next book comes along, this one will reassure the cynics, anger the idealists, encourage a healthy skepticism and amuse those readers comfortable with the knowledge that nothing has changed and nothing will change."
_	He tells "ye gifted kings and queens" that "No martyr is among ye now," but consoles them with the knowledge that nonetheless they are not alone.
_	According to Norman, "bodhi" may basically have meant the knowledge that "nibbana" was attained, due to the practice of "dhyana".
_	Rand's novels depict a world where anyone can be excellent out of choice alone, which Younkins argued was in tension "with the knowledge that we do not transcend our context … and that context is almost always owned by the crowd".
_	Terry confides the leverage Jake has over him is the knowledge that Terry once shaved points in an important game after he had fallen into debt.
_	I cannot eat, sleep or live in the knowledge that they are better off than me!"
_	The person who is carrying out "amae" may beg or plead, or alternatively act selfishly while secure in the knowledge that the caregiver will indulge them.
_	She thwarts his attack and he is able to regain his sanity, along with the knowledge that she is his lifemate.
_	ARL historian David Middleton has stated that those players who joined Super League did so in the knowledge that they were forfeiting their chance of representing the established national team.
_	Other reviewers extrapolate from the knowledge that Cruise had bought the rights to do a version of Amenábar's film.
_	Asked why he likes comics more than other forms of storytelling, Gaiman said: "One of the joys of comics has always been the knowledge that it was, in many ways, untouched ground.
_	Advertisements were run in British papers, soliciting extras who would take a lengthy cruise in the North Sea for free, but with the knowledge that the ship would actually seek out the worst possible weather, as the story demanded seas too rough for the lifeboats to be lowered, trapping the passengers on board.
_	Although unaware that Cameron is not human, or that her "brother" will save humanity from machines, Eric is entrusted with the knowledge that Cameron carries a concealed sidearm and has used it to protect her brother from people who wish to harm him.
_	It concluded that the band has "written 12 poetic tapestries of honesty as we revel in the knowledge that our struggles are temporary."
_	A psychologist comforts Dexter with the knowledge that the baby appears to be fine; however, Harrison shows signs at the end of the season that he might indeed follow in his father's footsteps.
_	In the words of 'Abd al-Jabbar, the doctrine of the intermediate position is the knowledge that whoever murders, or fornicates ("zina"), or commits serious sins is a grave sinner ("fasiq") and not a believer, nor is his case the same that of believers with respect to praise and attributing greatness, since he is to be cursed and disregarded.
_	Because Oil Springs was the first place in Canada and North America to drill commercially for oil, the knowledge that was acquired there led to oil drillers from Sarnia travelling the world teaching other nations how to drill for oil.
_	She states that one frustration of academia is that much of the knowledge that is generated is not immediately useful for making political decisions.
_	Information reconciliation is error-correction over a public channel which reconciles errors between the correlated random classical bit strings shared by Alice and Bob while limiting the knowledge that a possible eavesdropper Eve can have about the shared keys.
_	Chapter 3 of the text, states Radhakrishnan, asserts that one must meditate on "That thou art" and "I am Brahman", and thus reach the knowledge that Brahman is non-distinct from the self (Atman).
_	Takahara and the other five crewmen who survived the crash were able to draw some comfort from the knowledge that the Japanese Army Air Force did eventually capitalize on their success in locating the Allied convoy.
_	All objectors are cited to appear on pain of contumacy after the old form; but although the knowledge that opposition might be offered has been a safeguard against improper nominations, e.g. in the case of Clarke the Arian, confirmation has never been refused since the Reformation.
_	Resenting his dismissal by the Dutch West India Company he had brought to the new project the knowledge that the Dutch colony had temporarily abandoned its efforts in the Delaware Valley to focus on the Hudson River valley to the north.
_	A frustrated Charlie accepts a marriage proposal from wealthy Norman Williams, who then hides from her the knowledge that Stoney's wife is dead.
_	Comparing the style of writing and techniques employed in these plays and based on the knowledge that "Swapnavāsavadatta" was Bhāsa's work, all of them were credited to him.
_	For instance, gradual contamination of some water supplies with salt has been explained with the knowledge that drawing water from a well creates a gradual seepage into the well area, potentially contaminating it and surrounding areas with seawater from a nearby coast.
_	It has been suggested that it was William Lobb who in 1844 brought the knowledge that gunpowder could be made with sodium nitrate from Peru to Cornwall, in England.
_	(115) This is moment illustrates the extent of hope and boldness that was latent in the imprisoned people seemingly condemned to death; the knowledge that the Front was approaching, and along with it the Allied troops, provided much-needed confidence and a renewed sense of optimism to the people of the Resistance and others in the Buchenwald camp, as explained by the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum:
_	He explains to the Captain his options: he can either agree to temporary employment by the Clans as a pilot, until he pays off the destruction of the four fighters and their AI modules (the fighters were unmanned), or Faizullah can let him go with the knowledge that Tamantsev will not survive long on the desert world.
_	He was able, and willing, to dash off for publication half a dozen songs or an album of piano pieces with all too fluent ease in the knowledge that his reputation would ensure a gratifying financial reward for the effort involved.
_	In the end, the knowledge that he had not really fulfilled his own image, that was what destroyed him.
_	The human warriors of Pawa have joined forces with the Rat Creatures, forming an army larger and stronger than ever, and confident in the knowledge that the Dragons no longer defend the Old Kingdom.
_	The nature of the leave allowed civil servants to sail 'home' to England, safe in the knowledge that they were able to return to their positions upon their return to Australia.
_	Even with the knowledge that this route would require them to travel twice as far as the route to the Marquesas, Pollard conceded to the crew's decision and the boats set their course due south.
_	After she drives away, Edward tells Freda that he killed Monica, secure in the knowledge that a wife cannot be compelled to testify against her husband, and that he expects to inherit Charlotte's money shortly, as he has tampered with the brakes on her car.
_	Maggie returns to the valley with a third place win but very changed with the knowledge that the husbands were dead.
_	Concern over the presence of a digital divide, whether locally or globally, is only exacerbated by the knowledge that access to many government and council services, job applications, and social and cultural resources are now largely internet based.
_	The breaking of M-209 was achieved in "OKH/Chi" by Steinberg and Luzius, who were aided by the knowledge that the US government had brought the Hagelin machine which had once been offered to the German government.
_	They are very gregarious and have good memories and can be allowed to roam widely in the knowledge that they will return home by dusk.
_	Despite the knowledge that harming Owen won't take the system offline, when Owen tells Curt to move on, Curt shoots Owen in the head, killing him.
_	Jules begins to climb the ladder after her, but Nora confronts him with the knowledge that if she were to sacrifice her life, Patch would become human and Jules would die.
_	With this information, Idaho locks the author in a closet and runs off, armed with the knowledge that the entire world is invented and that he now has the power to imagine it differently.
_	Where it is argued that all disabilities are a burden on society it must be recognized that most disabilities are not the result of a choice, whereas the decision to recreationally use illicit drugs is most commonly free, and with the knowledge that they may lead to an abundance of addictions."
_	Haqiqa may be best defined as the knowledge that comes from communion with God, knowledge gained only after the tariqa is undertaken.
_	Secure in the knowledge that one more victory is all that is required, the Mayans launch an attack.
_	However, when students first arrived in 1964, they did so with the knowledge that the curriculum for their later years was still being written.
_	The findings of Dr. West contributed to much of the knowledge that is now known about this area.
_	Sellars bypasses the usual objections to acquaintance theory, which largely focus on absence of explanation for how acquaintance is connected to the knowledge that is said to result from it.
_	She convinces her mother not to bring Munroe to their home anymore but is hurt by the knowledge that her mother continues to see Munroe on the side.
_	It develops the idea that to provide quality care for people from different ethnicities than the mainstream, health care providers must embraces the skill of self-reflection as a means to advancing a therapeutic encounter and provide care congruent with the knowledge that cultural values and norms of the patient are different from his/her own.
_	She suggests that while he had thought that he was traveling back in time, he had only imagined a different past where events played out differently, as part of a delusion, and that he had given himself partial memories in the form of premonitions in each loop; in the last loop, he would have given himself all his memories, other than the knowledge that he is experiencing a delusion.
_	He told the CBC, "I mean, to think I can be involved in helping people and sharing the knowledge that I have and a lot of people have about cannabis to the mainstream public.
_	The tracks on "Alterstill" conjure moods and atmospheres that are predicated on the knowledge that they will be quickly shattered by an incoming musical event; a minimalist mantra of riffing violins punctuated by operatic whoops and hollers; then suddenly, images of a death metal concert with a free jazz saxophone bleeding in from the wings; a soundfield of unfathomable scrapes and drones, which is punctuated by a brass fanfare and maybe the sound of running water."
_	However, certain in the knowledge that even one human sacrificed on the altar of green misanthropy is infinitely too many, I let stand the linear extrapolation of numbers from an instant start on the 1st of the month following this murderous ban."
_	So many of the lives he touched were literally turned around by the knowledge that if they applied themselves their art could gain an audience.
_	This led to the knowledge that Sempill was passing classified information to the Japanese, which Toyoda's communications indicated had been paid for.
_	She settles on Deponia and grieves the knowledge that nobody will remember Rufus nor what he did to prevent the demolition of Deponia.
_	With the knowledge that his health was deteriorating, Ahmad Shah is alleged to have concealed the bulk of the treasure before his death.
_	Gautama defines perception as the knowledge that arises by the contact of one or more senses with an object or phenomenon.
_	There are no records of traffic, but it has been estimated at per year, based on the toll receipts and the knowledge that the Stuckey and Bagehot boats carried about three quarters of the total tonnage.
_	Though he managed to convince her to accept treatment in spite of her concerns over their finances, when she showed no signs of improvement after two months, he respected her wish to return home in spite of the knowledge that doing so was a death sentence.
_	The main difference between the two is that source amnesia is a lack of knowing the basis of knowledge, whereas memory distrust syndrome is a lack of believing the knowledge that exists.
_	Root left the "Clarion" in 1882, dramatically declaring that "the memory of our short connection with the Clarion will serve to strengthen and sustain our faith in the goodness of human nature and we shall go forward again to combat with the world stregthened [sic] with the knowledge that mankind, taken collectively, has more of good than of evil."
_	In the knowledge that mail was being opened, correspondents began to develop systems to encrypt and decrypt their letters.
_	Where there is constraint because one participant holds more power than the other the relationship is asymmetrical, and, importantly, the knowledge that can be acquired by the dominated participant takes on a fixed and inflexible form.
_	Here the knowledge that emerges is open, flexible and regulated by the logic of argument rather than being determined by an external authority.
_	I perceive Christ to be God, but I predicate that with the knowledge that I'm small and not nearly as old as the universe that I live in.
_	Relieved, Warren died just a few hours later, safe in the knowledge that the Court he had so loved would force justice on the man who had been his most bitter foe.
_	Some of the more direct benefits of space exploration include an increase in the knowledge that is out there about space and the discovery of distant planets and galaxies, it also gives us insight into the beginnings of our universe.
_	Lacking the resources to prosecute Haraldur for defrauding him but still seeking some kind of justice, he had the idea of transferring his ownership of the shares in the old alcopop company to Mikhail Moisejevitsj Levítan, in the knowledge that Mikhail would not fail to do what was necessary to win for himself the billions owed to Magnús.
_	The notion of the criminal as 'Everyman', morally no different from the audience, was then totally abandoned; the reader could comfort himself with the knowledge that he at least, unlike the criminal, was saved.
_	The group tearfully cremates her, consoled in the knowledge that her death was required by the traditional structures of screenwriting.
_	The Massachusetts district court had heard testimony from an author of the article that the instruments heard through the 901's speakers tended to wander "along the wall," rather than "about the room," as had been stated in the article; and found that this constituted a publication of a false statement with the knowledge that it was false.
_	Intention involves a course of action purposefully chosen, with the knowledge that it is unlawful.
_	The new album avoided the "devil-may-care brashness" of the first two, instead presenting a tone balanced between youthful optimism and "the knowledge that some of life's experiences exact a high toll."
_	There is no instant at which human beings are not giving this Substance one quality or another, and it is only through the knowledge that the individual has conscious control and manipulation of a Limitless Sea of It that he begins to understand the possibilities of his own Creative Powers, and the responsibilities resting upon him in the use of his thought and feeling."
_	Baker ended the review: ""On the Natural History of Destruction" leaves an aftertaste of sadness that flows from both its own bleak reflections and the knowledge that Sebald's indispensable voice has been silenced."
_	Realizing that such a discovery not only gives a complete and true insight in the history of the human race, but also grants the knowledge that the ancestors acquired, the doctors organize a meeting in which they plan to discuss how to proceed.
_	With the knowledge that Precourt would be unable to run again in 2014, Eisnaugle stepped aside, and began campaigning to run as Precourt's successor.
_	He is consistently rejected by the only publishing house he respects, but is driven to continue by the knowledge that he could do better than the authors they publish.
_	Celebrations in Tokyo were muted by the heavy casualty reports, and the knowledge that their victory was not complete as the decisive battle of the war would need to be fought elsewhere.
_	She found the storyline "too good an offer to refuse" and agreed to the return, safe in the knowledge that "it was absolutely worth coming back for".
_	These are: (1) the presence of a living being, human or animal; (2) the knowledge that the being is a living being; (3) the intent to kill; (4) the act of killing by some means; and (5) the resulting death.
_	This near-rape, along with the knowledge that Mandy's actions with Krista resulted in Krista being orally raped by a male classmate, pushes Zoey into committing murder yet again.
_	The song is in praise of doing absolutely nothing on a Sunday, even in the knowledge that Monday is just around the corner.
_	His original plan had been to break the LSR at over 400 mph in 1960, return to Bonneville the following year to really bump up the speed to something near to 500 mph, get his seventh WSR with K7 and then retire, as undisputed champion of speed and perhaps just as important, secure in the knowledge that he was worthy of his father's legacy.
_	His bluff and straightforward manner, and the knowledge that with him the deed was ready to follow the word, enabled him at once to inspire confidence and to overawe less masterful rivals.
_	The fact that the vast majority of Puyi's "loving subjects" hated him obsessed Puyi, and as Behr observed it was ""... the knowledge that he was an object of hatred and derision that drove Puyi to the brink of madness"."
_	In 1688, and the enthronement of William of Orange and his wife, Mary, Princess Royal and Princess of Orange, William Speed wasted no time in departing the post in the knowledge that the Anglican Common Book of Prayer would soon be banned in Scotland's kirks.
_	Generally the public has to be content with the knowledge that these names existed in Greek in Mycenaean times, although Page hypothesizes that Hector "may very well be ... a familiar Greek form impressed on a similar-sounding foreign name."
_	After five hours of negotiations, and with the knowledge that the Italian troops had orders (confirmed by President Francesco Cossiga) to use lethal force if necessary to block the Americans from leaving with prisoners, the U.S. conceded the Italian claim of jurisdiction over the terrorists.
_	For some, the prospect of playing under Bradman was daunting, as was the knowledge that he would be sitting in judgment of their abilities in his role as a selector.
_	The benefit to tenants was a certain level of security in the knowledge that they had a place to live as long as they continued working.
_	The group that preceded the Tasmanian Wilderness Society – the South West Tasmania Action Committee continued after the flooding, with the knowledge that surveying and appraising other catchments in the south west and west of Tasmania was well underway by the HEC.
_	Festinger also later described the increased conviction and proselytizing by cult members after disconfirmation as a specific instantiation of cognitive dissonance (i.e., increased proselytizing reduced dissonance by producing the knowledge that others also accepted their beliefs) and its application to understanding complex, mass phenomena.
_	Even with additional regulation by government bodies, such as the Health and Safety Executive or the Environment Agency, companies may still have a collective incentive to ignore the rules in the knowledge that the costs and likelihood of enforcement is weaker than potential profits.
_	As the fleet prepares to leave Earth, which is determined to be uninhabitable, D'Anna (Lucy Lawless), devastated by the knowledge that history repeats itself endlessly, decides to remain on Earth to die, rather than being hunted by Cavil.
_	In the same year, Germany decided to resume unrestricted submarine warfare against any vessel approaching British waters; this attempt to starve Britain into surrender was balanced against the knowledge that it would almost certainly bring the United States into the war.
_	Activities in the lame duck portion of the 77th Congress were affected by the knowledge that the 78th Congress, to begin in January, would contain a much narrowed Democratic majority.
_	Bree is not to be outdone, however, and leaves Maisy with the knowledge that Bree still thinks Maisy is someone to be pitied, not reviled.
_	A feeling of ecstasy came with the knowledge that "this was the Palace", the epitome of the more than 15,000 vaudeville theaters in America, and the realization that you have been selected to play it.
_	Devised with the knowledge that engagement ranges between battle fleets was growing greater as main battery sizes increased, the system moved away from previous designs that used heavy, medium, and light armor, in favor of using only heavy armor to protect vital areas on the ship.
_	This change was made with the knowledge that only two ten-car R62A growth sets for the mainline IRT would be needed, as opposed to the projected four sets, and thus the MTA and Kawasaki opted to convert two additional R142A train sets in place of manufacturing two new sets.
_	A former inmate later recalled that the prison guards were outraged, but the prisoners reacted with deep satisfaction to the knowledge that conditions in the East German prisons had been described from personal experience to a western readership.
_	The dorm volunteers were motivated at least in part by the knowledge that an unsuccessful fraternity rush would result in even greater overcrowding of the MIT dormitory system.
_	In 1920, Gance developed his next project, "La Roue", while recuperating in Nice from Spanish flu, and its progress was deeply affected by the knowledge that his companion Ida Danis was dying of tuberculosis; furthermore, his leading man and friend Séverin-Mars was also seriously ill (and died soon after completion of the film).
_	With the knowledge that Radiofrequency MASINT was being used to pick up an internal frequency in radio receivers, it would be possible to design a shielded receiver that would not radiate the signal that RAFTER monitored.
_	In the letter, he tells her that the previous letter was nothing but a manuscript of a sample of his work, based on pure imagination and the knowledge that she had recently purchased that particular sofa.
_	If a human does the opposite of God's Will it is in God's realm to alter the cosmic plan of Creation that He Himself devised, that He Himself wants but since nothing exists but God, including the universe and this "nothing" is not above the knowledge that "nothing is too hard for God" and "Our wisdom is not His Wisdom", it is a fundamental theme in Torah that we must do God's will yet we have Freedom to serve or not and if we go against God's will, it is still a lack on our part as partners with God here on earth but this itself is God's Will and will not upset the cosmic original plan.
_	His passion for the boy is only spoiled by the knowledge that he will soon die, just as all the young lovers of the gods do.
_	Possibly the fact of their long march in the morning, and the knowledge that to bring Byron into safety there must be another long march in the evening, for once made Rupert prudent; or possibly he did not know but that he might blunder into the whole Parliamentary army under the command of the Earl of Essex.
_	Cavataio killed Di Pisa in the knowledge that the La Barbera’s would be blamed by the Greco’s and a war would be the result.
_	Mr Mansfield said this sentence was used repeatedly by Ms Gordon during her submission "with the knowledge that it would make international media headlines".
_	We can design shots with the knowledge that we have this brilliant digital miniature that we can do anything with.
_	It was compiled by Fujibayashi Sabuji in 1676, in the early years of the Tokugawa shogunate, to preserve the knowledge that had been developed during the near-constant military conflict from the Ōnin War until the end of the Siege of Osaka almost 150 years later.
_	Claire Allfree of "The Daily Telegraph" stated that despite the knowledge that negative events will occur later, "this often very funny piece consistently and cleverly frustrates that expectation" since the characters "deflect the enormity of what is happening with curiosity and laughter."
_	Socrates that he can die, satisfied in the knowledge that while he may have lost control of the rats, so has Socrates (Kill Me Now).
_	By securing long term donations, charities are able to plan future campaigns in the knowledge that they have a guaranteed amount of money to work with.
_	He became distraught at the knowledge that he would someday become king while she would suffer with the stranger.
_	After solving Anne Bonny's puzzle box, getting the Madrigal clue of Mace, and the knowledge that they should go to England, Dan and Amy learn that The Man In Black, who followed them in the first few books in the series, is Fiske Cahill, Grace's brother.
_	Often lyrical, erotic and unabashedly sensual in its palette, Kravchenko's later works have a wild freedom born of the knowledge that they were an entirely private expression.
_	But the name of the José Ballivián Province is probably only known by very few of the tourists visiting the area, and very likely the same applies to the knowledge that crossing the Beni River means going from the Beni Department to the La Paz Department of Bolivia.
_	A manufacturer of products, which he sells in such a form as to show that he intends them to reach the ultimate consumer in the form in which they left him with no reasonable possibility of intermediate examination, and with the knowledge that the absence of reasonable care in the preparation or putting up of the products will result in an injury to the consumer's life or property, owes a duty to the consumer to take that reasonable care.
_	He has ample ground for the remark, and the Government may be both proud and happy in the knowledge that it possesses troops able and willing to perform so gallant a service, and an officer capable of planning, leading, and executing such attacks as are described in the papers under notice."
_	GoGoFive used this robot with the knowledge that, although they had supposedly lost their father, their mother is still alive, and they used this mental energy to power up the sword which allowed them to emerge victorious over Grandiene.
_	This, together with Fermat's little theorem (which says that formula_91 for all formula_92) and the knowledge that in fields of characteristic "p" the equation formula_93 holds, a relationship sometimes called the Freshman's dream, shows the desired result
_	Richard Cook and Brian Morton of "The Penguin Guide to Jazz" wrote, "Chaloff's masterpiece is both vigorous and moving, not for the knowledge that he was so near his own death but for the unsentimental rigour of the playing.
_	Secure in the knowledge that they needed only one other council vote to override any mayoral veto, the three NOOC council members used these council positions to investigate corruption and to reduce city spending.
_	This conclusion can be drawn based on the knowledge that large whales have much higher lipid content in their bulk composition and bone marrow, which supports the diverse communities present in succession at whale falls.
_	“It is the responsibility of the scientific paleo-illustrator to make sure that his images rigorously transmit the knowledge that the paleontologists have gathered from specific extinct species.
_	But like many of them, she came out of it wiser and stronger for the experience, filled with the knowledge that brotherhood based on a heritage of helpfulness and value cannot be submerged by a flood of economic hardship.
_	His labors now completed, Santa steers the sleigh back to the castle, content in the knowledge that he has brought happiness to all of the Earth's children.
_	NBC would pay Presley $1.25 million for both features, and Parker was happy in the knowledge that he was still able to earn $1 million for his client.
_	Conclusions have been drawn from preferential looking experiments about the knowledge that infants possess.
_	There is no marriage, no ring, no happy ever after, just the knowledge that their lives are so deeply entwined it would be difficult or impossible for them to break away from each other.
_	In the suitcase were cotton and gauze, showing that the bandits had entered their enterprise with the knowledge that there might be shedding of blood.
_	Esther begins to lose the will to live, but Andy encourages her with the knowledge that they have each other.
_	The fact that such a shoddy piece of work could be written by such an ostensibly serious writer is somehow more disturbing than the knowledge that an overconfident journalist invented several quotes.
_	Social influence was present in both groups, but was stronger in the group that was exposed to both the arguments (minority influence) and the knowledge that the jury conformed (majority influence).
_	Kosh's primary reason for not getting involved was the knowledge that doing so would bring grim repercussions.
_	After revealing that he knew that Ronin was Moon Knight, Kingpin had him beaten nearly to death, and let Spider-Man leave with the knowledge that one of the Knights was a traitor.
_	In a letter to Sarra, Aboriginal Rugby great Larry Corowa stated: "Chris, how do you live with yourself in the knowledge that you played a prominent and key role in our demise from ARLIC [ARL Indigenous Council]?"
_	He shares a secret so terrible that he must share it with those who will help him protect the knowledge that will one day save all of humanity.
_	Author Philip Norman writes that the knowledge that they would not be heard above the hysteria of their fans was another factor behind the group's failure to rehearse adequately for the tour.
_	To support the performance of an action by the user, the pedagogical agent can act as a cognitive tool as long as the agent is equipped with the knowledge that the user lacks.
_	“He acquires by social intercourse the knowledge that other people acquire by reading”, one adviser commented.
_	This act of compassion and sacrifice, in the face of almost certain death, is demonstrated as the Grippians self-destruct before allowing to be taken aboard the Tyrants craft, thus denying them the knowledge that they were so desperately seeking.
_	With club finances re-structured, a new manager (Peter McGown having taken over from Willie Irvine) and a new youthful team in place, the season was approached with some confidence, in the knowledge that only winning the league would guarantee a return to the top 'tiers' of Scottish football.
_	"What allows these seductions to occur is the knowledge that the subordinates possess, both of themselves and of their superiors."
_	The absence of an N-terminal signal peptide shows that the protein does not have the ability to leave the organelle it is in, which correlates with the knowledge that it is a transmembrane protein.
_	The prime minister said that the Centre will "closely work with the state government to provide a sense of security to all affected areas to ensure that they can go back to their houses secure in the knowledge that their lives and livelihood are secure".
_	By 1950 the work led to the knowledge that ethanol is oxidized to acetaldehyde by alcohol dehydrogenase and acetaldehyde is oxidized to acetic acid by aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH), and that disulfiram works by inhibiting ALDH, leading to a buildup of acetaldehyde, which is what causes the negative effects in the body.
_	It is, however, an important first step in the effort to provide for the women of America something that is rightfully theirs—an equal chance to attend the schools of their choice, to develop the skills they want, and to apply those skills with the knowledge that they will have a fair chance to secure the jobs of their choice with equal pay for equal work".
_	Perpetrators are usually stricken with poverty, and as a result are driven to steal from foreigners with the knowledge that they bring about a significant amount of money and other valuable items.
_	Nigerian forces invaded the area around Enugu in mid September 1967 with the knowledge that Enugu would not fall easily if he attacked it head on so he decided to surround the city and begin a siege.
_	Burdened with the knowledge that any fall or cut could actually kill her son, Alexandra turned toward religion for comfort, familiarising herself with all the Orthodox rituals and saints, spending hours daily praying in her private chapel for deliverance.
_	The movie derives its lyrical force and indeed its sense of horror from the knowledge that a woman's sexuality cannot be eliminated and will return, bearing the scars of the violence with which it was repressed, to challenge the order of things."
_	With the knowledge that the show couldn't be cancelled again, Goodson gave the go-ahead for the more risque-sounding questionsa decision that caused a significant boost in ratings and an "un-cancellation" by NBC.
_	In the face of the knowledge that individuals occupy more than one ascribed role at a time, it becomes evident that there may be some statuses in society’s multi-dimensional structure that do not comfortably coexist.
_	On the other hand, the knowledge that certain types of subsets are guaranteed to have suprema or infima enables us to consider the computation of these elements as "total operations" on a partially ordered set.
_	It was the knowledge that Jacobello gained and the mastery of technical skill that he achieved through this piece that allowed his later confident retardataire return to his roots when his works leaned back more towards a Byzantine-inspired style.
_	The story ends when Judy and Peter look outside and see their neighbors, Danny and Walter, excitedly returning from the park with "Jumanji" in their hands with the knowledge that their mother claims the brothers never bother to finish the games they play nor read the instructions.
_	Hernández did not live to see the continuation of his work; he died in 1517, the year of his expedition, as the result of the injuries and the extreme thirst suffered during the voyage and disappointed in the knowledge that Diego Velázquez had given precedence to Grijalva as the captain of the next expedition to Yucatán.
_	But with Lagrange's theorem, stating that a non-zero polynomial of degree "n" has at most "n" roots in any field "K", and the knowledge that formula_100 has 2 roots in formula_4, these roots must be all of the roots in formula_58.
_	The multi-national Atlantis Expedition, led by Dr. Elizabeth Weir, is formed to investigate the city, with the knowledge that they might be unable to return as they cannot bring Earth's sole ZPM with them.
_	The lonely Count is enchanted by a small portrait of Lucy and immediately agrees to purchase the Wismar property, especially with the knowledge that he and Lucy would become neighbors.
_	In qualitative phenomenological research, lived experience refers to a representation of the experiences and choices of a given person, and the knowledge that they gain from these experiences and choices.
_	Basic training provides the knowledge that is common to all military occupations and fields of the Canadian Forces, and "develops a military state of mind and behaviour, the mental and physical endurance and the combat skills necessary for the profession of arms."
_	Instead of the scarcity and shortages that people faced in the 1930s, the knowledge that a nutritious diet was necessary for a fighting man meant that a healthy, hard-working populace would result.
_	Calleia's haunted features figure more and more prominently on screen as the truth about Quinlan increasingly dawns on him, along with the knowledge that he must betray him.
_	Roman practice requiring a living mother to be in her tenth month of pregnancy before resorting to the procedure, reflecting the knowledge that she could not survive the delivery.
_	The book starts out with the knowledge that Betsy is technically dead, however everyone but close family and friends think that she is still alive.
_	The premise to the design of atracurium and several of its congeners stemmed from the knowledge that a "bis"-quaternary structure is essential for neuromuscular-blocking activity: ideally, therefore, a chemical entity devoid of this "bis"-quaternary structure via susceptibility to inactive breakdown products by enzymic-independent processes would prove to be invaluable in the clinical use of a drug with a predictable onset and duration of action.
_	Building on the knowledge that those with SLE had auto-antibodies that would attach themselves to the nuclei of normal cells, causing the immune system to send white blood cells to fight off these "invaders", a test was developed to look for the anti-nuclear antibody (ANA) rather than the LE cell specifically.
_	As they investigate Carrie's past, Jonas is confronted with the knowledge that 167 civilians were killed by actions authorized by Carrie while in Kabul, which leads to an argument.
_	An attack can however know a fair amount about what d looks like, given the knowledge that p and q are typically chosen to be the same length in bits and are both 'close' to the square root of n.
_	However, the knowledge that she will either die young or go mentally insane quickly changes her mind.
_	Driven partly by sheer hunger and partly by the knowledge that the French would sooner or later move against Lạng Sơn, the Chinese renewed their efforts to gain a foothold in the Luc Nam valley in December.
_	Daisuke does not have much attachment to traditional Japanese society since his education has given him the knowledge that the world is too vast to be confined to the boundaries delineated by tradition.
_	Perhaps you can take some measure of comfort in the knowledge that millions of Americans, indeed millions of people, share the burdens of your grief.
_	Huw Bennett of King's College London, who had worked with Anderson on the Chuka Massacre, said in a witness statement to the court that the new documents "considerably strengthen" the knowledge that the British Army were "intimately involved" with the colonial security forces, whom they knew were "systematically abusing and torturing detainees in screening centres and detention camps".
_	With the Marinid surrender of Algeciras and Ronda to the Kingdom of Granada, Granada was able to pursue policies of territorial expansion safe in the knowledge that James II of Aragon would not be adverse to any action by Granada against the Kingdom of Castile as the two kingdoms were themselves at odds.
_	The scriptwriters ultimately felt a lack of direction coming from Frank Capra, aside from the knowledge that Capra was steering the film in a decidedly racist direction.
_	Rather, people, on their own initiative, with the knowledge that God granted them, do anything that people are able to do.
_	These observations, coupled with the knowledge that the hippocampus plays a role in short to medium term memory whereas the cortex plays a role in long term memory, have led to the hypothesis that the hippocampal neocortical dialog might be a mechanism through which the hippocampus transfers information to the cortex.
_	Annamaria comforts him with the knowledge that while he may have ended a few lives, he saved millions more.
_	She has to fight for his soul by any means in her power, with the knowledge that her efforts may lead to his destruction.
_	Asian Jewish Christianity received in turn the knowledge that henceforth the "church" would be open without hesitation to the Jewish influence mediated by Christians, coming not only from the apocalyptic traditions, but also from the synagogue with its practices concerning worship, which led to the appropriation of the Jewish passover observance.
_	This critique was in response to the knowledge that some European Jews of the period addressed individual "sephirot" in some of their prayers, although the practice was apparently uncommon.
_	All that Agent Margret has now is a letter, a dead body, and the knowledge that since the Digger had not been called off he will continue to carry on the remaining attacks.
_	And so in early 2006 they played their 'final show', performing material from both their EP and album, with the knowledge that this would be the last time these songs were performed.
_	Thus, the knowledge that they obtain in school gets spread into the community.
_	A year later, Josef Goebbels, the Reich Propaganda Minister, brought the commission into his Ministry and restaffed it to include more art dealers, since the sale of these confiscated works internationally was a source of hard currency for the Nazi regime – although not as much as was expected, since the knowledge that the Nazis were putting large numbers of these artworks up for sale depressed their market value.
_	Matheson says that after experiencing the frisson of delightful terror one may feel from reading a ghost story or watching a horror film, people "can return to the safe world of their homes, secure in the knowledge that the phenomenon in question cannot follow.
_	Other possible contributing factors in his suicide were his alcoholism and ill health (he was suffering from emphysema), as well as the knowledge that his wife and all three of their sons had inherited the fatal Huntington's disease.
_	The expedition's high point was reached by Raymond Lambert and the team's Nepali Indian sardar Tenzing Norgay on 26 May, when they reached a point approximately 200 m (650 ft) below the South Summit before turning around in the knowledge that they would not reach the summit in daylight.
_	He later confronts Chuck at home with the knowledge that his computer is still connected to the government's network, at which point Chuck claims to merely be working part-time as an analyst.
_	After Leo Crow in fact kills himself, Anderton becomes healed, and later has "recreated himself as the subject he was previously through the knowledge that he is not a killer."
_	Spurred by Eastshare's success and the knowledge that Siddarmarkian and Charisian reinforcements are on their way, Baron Green Valley takes most of his troops north to the disputed Midhold Province and manages to eliminate the Temple Loyalist troops there and seize the canals intact.
_	She explains that she knows Rag Doll doesn't like her like that (especially with the knowledge that she is unaware of his lack of reproductive organs), but acted out simply from the strain and guilt of having given her father cancer by mistake.
_	Upset by Frankie's treatment of Vic, and by the knowledge that the lounge's atmosphere will now change, the crew decides it must rid the program of Frankie.
_	The volunteers are also allowed to leave the asylum at any time should they be unable to continue, but those that stay to the end are rewarded with the knowledge that they have faced their greatest fears.
_	In Then Again, Friedman “Fashions characters who go to extraordinary lengths in their efforts to escape or recapture the past; as they discover the high price that accompanies the knowledge that neither of these things is possible.”
_	He used the knowledge that he gained to promote economic activities for the poor and rural people in his area.
_	However, a complete inventory provides the institution with the knowledge that the entire collection can be accounted for; the random sampling is used to check the consistency of the collections’ records.
_	As the emotional and bio-physiological effects mount, the stressful process is heightened by the knowledge that it was not you, but your loved one who chose withdraw from the bond.
_	Faced with the knowledge that S.H.I.E.L.D. has been given authorization to use necessary force to stop him, Bastion issues the command to his Prime Sentinels to stand down.
_	Gillespie confronts Trundel with the knowledge that even though he has escaped a murder charge, he will still have to live with the burden of having his lover and the mother of his son, Eric Delong, murdered and having to live with the risk that Eric would one day confront him over it.
_	In the knowledge that his header was placed to perfection, Pelé immediately shouted "Gol!" (Portuguese for goal).
_	Bridget in particular dealt with the knowledge that the man who raised her along with her mother was not her biological father.
_	He humiliates Block before K., querying how Block would react at the knowledge that his trial hasn't even yet begun.
_	First, he argued that Singaporeans living in GRCs vote "with the knowledge that should a vacancy arise (before the next General Elections) such a vacancy need not be filled", since this was provided for in the law.
_	In addition to the knowledge that natural killer cells are effectors of innate immunity, recent research has uncovered information on both activating and inhibitory NK cell receptors which play important functional roles, including self tolerance and the sustaining of NK cell activity.
_	Carrie confronts Adal with the knowledge that he met Haqqani in Islamabad.
_	Silvia finds this situation humorous, with the knowledge that her son
_	This leaves him with the knowledge that he will have to be extremely careful dealing with Nyssa when they eventually meet to avoid changing history.
_	This step was taken with a certain amount of apprehension but with the knowledge that if the project failed, the classrooms could still be used for a lower age level.
_	The doctrine of tawhid, in the words of the prominent Mu’tazili scholar Chief Justice Qadi Abd al-Jabbar (d. 415 AH/1025 AD), is: the knowledge that God, being unique, has attributes that no creature shares with Him.
_	Such was his influence with the Common Council of Bath (which in those days had the exclusive right to vote for the city's MPs) that he was able to stand down from Parliament in 1808 in the knowledge that his son Charles would be elected in his place.
_	Ernst Robert Curtius studied topoi as "commonplaces," themes common to orators and writers who re-worked them according to occasion, e.g., in classical antiquity the observation that “all must die” was a topos in consolatory oratory, for in facing death the knowledge that death comes even to great men brings comfort.
_	Khaliq v HM Advocate was a Scottish criminal case decided by the High Court of Justiciary on appeal, in which it was decided that it was an offence at common law to supply glue sniffing materials that were otherwise legal in the knowledge that they would be used recreationally by children.
_	The royal tour had been conceived by Buchan before the coronation in 1937; according to the official event historian, Gustave Lanctot, the idea "probably grew out of the knowledge that at his coming Coronation, George VI was to assume the additional title of King of Canada," and Buchan desired to demonstrate vividly Canada's status as an independent kingdom by allowing Canadians to see "their King performing royal functions, supported by his Canadian ministers.
_	He refused to confess in the knowledge that a confession would mean certain death.
_	This decision was, doubtless, the right one with the knowledge that Fiennes then had of the Royalisl force in his front.
_	So long as the locals believed this, the miller could sleep secure in the knowledge that his stores were not being robbed.
_	Martin tries to shoot Diana, but she escapes with the knowledge that Martin is a Fifth Columnist.
_	In 1942, with forced removal imminent, Hibi and her husband donated their paintings to different venues in the Hayward community, to express their thanks for their support with the knowledge that they couldn't bring the work with them into the American concentration camps for the duration of World War II.
_	Article 8(2)(b) limited environmental harm to circumstances when "Intentionally launching an attack in the knowledge that such attack will cause incidental loss of life or injury to civilians or damage to civilian objects or widespread, long-term and severe damage to the natural environment which would be clearly excessive in relation to the concrete and direct overall military advantage anticipated."
_	However, some people often hid short wave radios in their ceilings or floors to listen to the UN broadcasts, even with the knowledge that they may be killed or jailed for doing so.
_	The second edition of "The Readie and Easie Way" was transformed with the knowledge that Monck would not stop the Restoration.
_	For Ramsey probability is not related to a disembodied body of knowledge but is related to the knowledge that each individual possesses alone.
_	These works are a reflection of the knowledge that has been achieved through active self-guided learning.
_	Yoga are natural outcomes of Bhakti, total surrender, as the devotee acquires the knowledge that the Lord is the inner self.
_	In contrast, Bramwell felt that in Firefight "there is both a sense of futility in the knowledge that death is only a matter of time and odds, and fatigue in the realisation that many levels play out just as they did in the campaign, except a bit more so".
_	If Erwin has accepted the Independent path, Bernhardt takes solace in the knowledge that Erwin intends to bring peace after he is gone.
_	"The only information we have is the knowledge that (the officers) benefited by the skull being missing," asserted President King.
_	Therefore, recognising acts of heroism provided Carnegie with a practical quality control mechanism through which bestow charity safe in the knowledge that it was going to suitably upstanding citizens.
_	Byun felt that it was this struggle between good and evil inside Lex that not only made him an anti-hero, but also, given that the audience familiar with Lex's mythology and the knowledge that he will end up being Superman's greatest enemy, make "Smallville"'s Lex Luthor a "tragic figure [of] almost Shakespearean grandeur".
_	Some handlers work with conventional farmers to convert their land to organic with the knowledge that the farmer will have a secure sales outlet.
_	[T]here is something pleasing to come from the knowledge that the director of such twisted efforts as "Where the Sidewalk Ends", "Bunny Lake is Missing" and, indeed, "Laura" could start out in Hollywood on something so relatively straightforward."
_	The poem thus contains both epithalamic and elegiac characteristics; the marriage described is between Lucy and nature, while her human lover is left to mourn in the knowledge that death has separated her from mankind, and she will forever now be with nature.
_	Its exceptional ceiling allowed pilots to undertake reconnaissance secure in the knowledge that few allied aircraft could reach it.
_	"For Katey and Mamie, the knowledge that their father was sexually attracted to a girl their own age must have been utterly distasteful.
_	Even with the knowledge that Baste is indeed not her biological father, Baby chooses to help him piece his heart back together.
_	The Princess Leia voice, her drunken panic on the plane [...] and the religious fervor at the knowledge that Oprah would be coming to the studio were all hilarious, and played with the sort of confidence I don't know that she would have had at the start of the series."
_	After a season of consolidation, Swansea City again challenged for promotion and travelled to Preston North End on 2 May 1981 in the knowledge that victory would assure them a place in the First Division for the first time in the club's history.
_	Whereas the nations before them worshipped idols, denied God's existence, and thus did not recognize God's power or retribution, the rise of Christianity and Islam served to spread among the nations, to the furthest ends of the earth, the knowledge that there is One God who rules the world, who rewards and punishes and reveals Himself to man.
_	Additionally, Professor Marie-Christine Renard of Rural Sociology of Chapingo University in Mexico wrote a case study of Starbucks', Conservation International's, and Agro-industries United of Mexico (AMSA) joint conservation effort in Chiapas, Mexico in which she concluded that "[w]hile the CI-Starbucks-AMSA Alliance paid better prices, it did not allow the producers to appropriate the knowledge that was necessary for the organizations to improve the quality of their coffee."
_	In regard to the planned viewing on September 21 and Ravi's encouragement of his Twitter followers to watch, the jury concluded that Ravi acted with the purpose to intimidate, with the knowledge that intimidation would occur, and with the result that Clementi was intimidated and reasonably believed that he was targeted because of sexual orientation.
_	There would be no detailed representation of each individual portrait just the knowledge that they are present.
_	Mrs. Nesbit's initial objections were softened by the knowledge that some of the girls in the show had managed to marry millionaires.
_	Testimony of ex-clients reported to the NSW Legislative Council alleged that the extremely high overdose rates were due to clients experimenting with poly-drug cocktails and higher doses of heroin in the knowledge that staff were present to ensure their safety.
_	Unfortunately the shock of being placed in the Vortex destroyed her brain, but Trin Tragula's grief was tempered by the knowledge that he had been right and she had been wrong.
_	One fundamentalist website writes: "May we not get blinded by the 'normalcy bias' but rather live with the knowledge that the Lord’s coming is near."
_	In the absence of these, Pentecostals teach that seekers should maintain a persistent faith in the knowledge that God will fulfill his promise.
_	He contended, like other researchers at the time, that by doing this careful work man could begin to understand God's wonderful creation, to reclaim the knowledge that had been lost in Adam and Eve's "fall", and to make the most of his God-given talents.
_	This Cross was created with the knowledge that the Order of Vittorio Veneto would pass into history after all the knights died, like the veterans themselves.
_	Back on the field the club would bring in Yu Dongfeng as their new manager in the 2004 league season, however because it was an expansion season the club would stagnate at the bottom of the league, safe in the knowledge that there was no relegation that season.
_	In the knowledge that alternative arrangements for sponsorship and title would now need to be made, the dissolution legislation provided that the lay and ecclesiastical successors of the monks in former monastic endowments could in the future provide valid title for ordinands.
_	In the final scenes the narrative becomes surreal, as on their alcoholic quest Marie and Philippa are confronted by the knowledge that they are characters in a story, while "real life" is going on in the next room.
_	Mia has to deal with the unwanted attention brought on by the interview, along with the knowledge that a secret admirer has been sending her emails.
_	This run of events, and the knowledge that the RAF was only capable of short penetrations over France in daylight, led the "Luftwaffe" to believe Germany was invulnerable to attack.
_	Users can take part in the cause by expressing their involvement though video reactions or by donating seamlessly and safely via integrated Apple Pay, safe in the knowledge that 100% of their donations goes directly to the charity without Elbi taking a cut.
_	This might be based on the knowledge that a particular team is less likely to throw the ball in the stands, or that the starting pitcher is a strikeout artist (meaning the ball is likely to end innings in the catcher's glove - the closest player to the mound).
_	With the knowledge that she could scrape away and re-do allowed her new ways to explore texture, color and brushstrokes, telling gallery owner Willard in a letter that she no longer felt "in tune with watercolor painting at all when I attempt it."
_	It may probably have involved the knowledge that liberation was attained by the combination of mindfulness and "dhyāna", applied to the understanding of the arising and ceasing of craving.
_	Leaving Sam alone, with the knowledge that something is wrong with Grace, but not knowing what.
_	Indeed, several proposed draft resolutions are never formally presented to the Council for a vote owing to the knowledge that a permanent member would vote against their adoption (the so-called "pocket veto").
_	With news of the split being confirmed and with the knowledge that most of the fourth album, which was set to be self titled, had already been recorded, an online petition was set up by fans to persuade Parlophone to release the material.
_	Their celebrations will not be inhibited by the knowledge that today's losers were almost a reserve team, and even the agonies of boredom they shared with us will now seem worthwhile.
_	Bolstered by the knowledge that she is fully human, Tara declares she will stay with her new family, and confidently tells her relatives to leave, which they do after a slight hesitation.
_	Hughes's penchant for colorful and flamboyant statements made him a media favorite, and journalists were always asking the defense minister for his opinions on any subject, secure in the knowledge that Hughes was likely to say something outrageous that would help to sell newspapers.
_	I didn't have a practice like yoga to ground me in the knowledge that there's nothing wrong with me...
_	An extra layer of meaning is added by the knowledge that Da Horn o Papa collapsed in a storm around the time of this poem's composition, so that it is a tribute not just to a lost way of life, but a noted geographical feature.
_	Comforted in the knowledge that your thought and prayer go with us every minute, and sure that your faith and courage will never falter, no matter the outcome, I bid you "au revoir"."
_	A more emotional work than "Ie", it is an autobiographical account of his own extramarital relations with his niece, Komako, and the knowledge that her father (his elder brother) knew of the incestuous affair, but concealed it.
_	A congressional panel from Washington, DC also launches an investigation, Charlie ends up buzzing the trial in a jet as Doc Farrington blackmails Colonel Hollingsworth with the knowledge that he received Hotel Shima-supplied luxury goods.
_	The disappointment of this outcome was intensified by the knowledge that Series Two of "Thunderbirds" would be cut down to six episodes and that AP Films' upcoming television project would be a brand-new series, which would later be titled "Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons" and screened from 1967.
_	She put a belt on the queen of Erin that magically tightened, and forced from her the knowledge that her older son was the gardener's, and the younger the brewer's.
_	Gaining the knowledge that Nenora was actually a Skrull gave them the advantage.
_	Others were released after renouncing rebellion, though in the knowledge that they would continue to be watched by security forces.
_	The Jimmy character was played by Nat Faxon in the original pilot for "The Mick", with the knowledge that Faxon would not be able to continue in the role if the pilot got picked up to series, given his other commitments.
_	Later, a half crazed gardener confesses to the crime and, with the knowledge that she is blameless, Eileen confesses everything to her husband.
_	With the knowledge that the Covenant are en route to Earth, the Master Chief and his fellow Spartans decide to disrupt the invasion force at their rendezvous point.
_	The Christian Heurich Brewing Co. closed in 1956, "because of a decline in sales and because of the knowledge that the government would seek to acquire the site of the brewery for the approaches to the new Theodore Roosevelt Bridge."
_	Michael confronts him with the knowledge that he knows about his relationship with Jessie.
_	Disch afterwards recalled that some of the experimental language in the book was written in the knowledge that "New Worlds" was available as a market for unconventional fiction.
_	Whoever nails Marco down for a solo project will be truly blessed, and safe in the knowledge that he is the cream of the crop when it comes to this east coast boom bap in 2013."
_	Returning to São Paulo, Paiva brought with him ideas and the knowledge that led to the creation of the Rural Studies Commission, DPV’s antecessor, the first Brazilian pole on economic issues related to agriculture.
_	I know that he loves me and nobody is going to tell me differently,' she colored it with the knowledge that she had really been deserted.
_	The leader ordered the woman who had joined Bosco and Fassera to leave and the pursuers and the LRA rebels then continued up the ridge, Fassera stayed close to Ocaya in the knowledge that only he could release the girls.
_	Faced with the knowledge that his family was gone and the heroes were not going to save him, he snapped, shot his doctor, and vanished.
_	The purchase was completed in the knowledge that Scottish Natural Heritage would be an "active partner in managing the Estate".<ref name="SNH/01/7/3">"Mar Lodge Estate (review) of Scottish Natural Heritage (Management Agreement) with the National Trust for Scotland (1995-2000)" [SNH/01/7/3], Scottish Natural Heritage, 2001</ref>
_	Without the knowledge that the last battle line had been breached, he threatened many of the soldiers who board any of the Q-boats will be shot.
_	Fortunately, with the help of his Uncle Fred and the knowledge that she regularly wakes up at 6 in the morning, he realised that they were not meant to be and promptly got together with Sally Painter.
_	Galloway, his native wife Tylara (the Eqetassa of Chelm), and the "wife" of the human pilot who brought the Terrans to Tran, Gwen Tremaine, are determined that the knowledge that will allow Tran to climb beyond the Late Roman Empire level will survive the inevitable bombings.
_	After the two exchange taunts, Corwin launches a full mental assault on Eric, which defeats him and leaves him with the knowledge that Corwin is his superior.
_	Ogre described the basis for the album's underlying message as the following: "that feeling of going down a road with the knowledge that you're breaking down.
_	Having to live with the knowledge that she had given him the bleeding disease, Alexandra was obsessed with protecting her son; she kept a close eye on him at all times and consulted a number of mystics who claimed to be able to heal him during his nearly fatal attacks.
_	The heard knowledge is gained from the outside and the other is absorbed knowledge means the knowledge that raised from nature and human disposition, referred to the power of innovation of a person.
_	However, the late Weiler citizen Heinrich Bell’s collecting and researching mind is to be thanked for the knowledge that there has been human life in what is now the Weiler municipal area since the earliest times.
_	Aigis later learns that Metis awoke in the Abyss with no memory of her past, and only the knowledge that she had a sister who was in danger.
_	She and Steve rescue Oscar and, with the knowledge that Devlin is the traitor, deduce that the real target is Soviet Foreign Minister Yuri Kellagyn.
_	But it was first and foremost as a painter that he was admired within his own time, and as a painter, he drew on the knowledge that he gained from all his other interests.
_	Paris said that “the universal desire among women to control births expresses today, as it always has, the knowledge that survival depends on the ability to give each child what it needs for its full development, whether it be the survival of a mother, a family, or a community.
_	But his time there was often tarnished with the knowledge that he was an illegitimate child and he was sometimes ridiculed for that.
_	The soldiers of the British, French and German armies endured miserable conditions, in which the Germans were able to keep going in the knowledge that the onset of winter would end the Somme offensive, despite the many extra casualties caused by illness.
_	With known village political trend, BDP council candidates fiercely contested their party primary elections with the knowledge that a win guaranteed individuals seats at the Council Chambers.
_	Whilst the Conservatives could take comfort in the knowledge that their losses were slight in comparison to those suffered by Labour and the Liberal Democrats, Annabel Goldie announced her resignation as party leader four days after the election.
_	Finally, unable to bear the knowledge that Finny is a better person, Gene apparently shakes the branch of a tree overhanging a river in the film (and novel)’s centerpiece sequence that causes the normally agile Finny to fall to the ground, breaking his leg and turning him into a cripple.
_	Normative influence occurs when group members are persuaded by the knowledge that a majority of group members have a view.
_	It was thought that potential aggressors might be deterred by the knowledge that Britain would retaliate with atomic weapons if attacked.
_	He stayed in touch with Springfield College and stated that he was "content in the knowledge that the game brought a richer life to millions of people throughout the world."
_	The Old Testament's tree of the knowledge of good and evil contained the knowledge that separated Man from God:
_	Faisal obviously did not appreciate this betrayal by the British but found reassurance in the knowledge that the actual settlement would be worked out at a later date when the war had ended.
_	During his final showdown with Neo, Smith angrily dismisses causes such as freedom, truth, peace, and love as simply human attempts to justify a meaningless and purposeless existence, and is completely unable to comprehend why Neo continues to fight him despite the knowledge that he cannot win.
_	"Exhilarated by the knowledge that he had succeeded" in "Laconics" — "a knowledge that came to him from inner self-realization rather than popular success" — Ross next "turned his new-found strength, in "Sonnets", to the conditions under which poetry had been written in the past.
_	In October 1919 Wilson warned Churchill that the planned introduction of Irish Home Rule that autumn would lead to trouble and, given concerns that Robertson lacked the subtlety for the Irish Command which Churchill had offered him, asked him to consult the Prime Minister, perhaps in the knowledge that Lloyd George disliked Robertson.
_	An important application of the knowledge that atmospheric pressure varies directly with altitude was in determining the height of hills and mountains thanks to the availability of reliable pressure measurement devices.
_	A second murder occurs later in the narrative and there is a tantalising ending when one of the "murderers" appears to confess with the knowledge that the case could never come to trial because of a lack of evidence.
_	While troubled, Allen is satisfied by the knowledge that "He [the Spectre] needs me more than I need him."
_	Secure in the knowledge that they had the Premier's backing, police officers continued to act provocatively, most notably in a military-style raid on a hippie commune at the Cedar Bay commune in Far North Queensland late the following month.
_	As it was starting to become more and more clear that the Allies were going to win the war, the "Milice" become more desperate and vicious as the knowledge that when the Allies won, the "miliciens" would be tried for treason if they not killed out of hand first, caused the "Milice" to engage in increasing savage torture and killings of the "maquisards", hoping against hope that they could annihilate all of their enemies before the Allies won.
_	Stephen Wright of Gamespresso, meanwhile, agreed with Activision based around the impulsiveness of the "Call of Duty" fanbase, writing that many of those who felt discontent towards a new title would still choose to buy it regardless due to the series' popularity; Activision had capitalized on this by releasing the bundle with the knowledge that fans would certainly purchase "Infinite Warfare" in order to obtain a remaster of "Modern Warfare".
_	The reviewer enjoyed the potential for Logan and Dick's character development, although he felt that it was blunted by the knowledge that the series was about to end.
_	But the knowledge that this might be the last time we see them puts a damper on things.
_	Sheryl, drunken and mad over Gije's death and armed with the knowledge that the Ide desires to protect children, brings out Piper Lou onto the deck of the ship in order to strengthen the Ideon.
_	The planning for "Barbarossa" went ahead, regardless of these failures, and the knowledge that experience in Western Europe had shown that while highly effective, close support operations were costly, and reserves needed to be created to replace losses.
_	Diệm was motivated by the knowledge that the US was enthusiastic in applying their technology and knowledge to modernize postcolonial countries.
_	Despite still producing some of the most original works in Spanish of the twentieth century – the existential-surrealist novel "El hombre perdido" [The Lost Man] (1947) and his extraordinary neo-baroque autobiography "Automoribundia" (Automoribund) [1948] – his life in exile was one of pathetic isolation and increasing poverty, neither of which were helped by the knowledge that he had left behind (and in 1947 donated to the Spanish State) the celebrated painting of the Pombo Tertulia by Gutiérrez-Solana (now given pride of place in Madrid's Reina Sofia Museum) and the equally famous cubist portrait of him painted in 1915 by Diego Rivera (which was lost without trace during the civil war but has apparently resurfaced to become the 'property' of a Mexican millionaire).
_	AV enables people to cast ‘free’ protest vote safe in the knowledge that they can they cast a second preference for the party they actually want."
_	However, as time progresses, missionary work will decrease as the knowledge that Jesus is the Christ and knowledge about the gospel spreads.
_	He comforts her with the knowledge that he still retains the harem key and promises to reveal himself later that night.
_	Queen Berenice, utterly distraught with the knowledge that the man of her heart, Demetrio, never cared anything for her and is a traitor to boot, declares to the Roman envoy Fabio that she no longer cares whom she marries.
_	They believed that “Christianity is a true religion; a desire for protection from oppressors and, if possible, material aid; the desire for education for their children; and the knowledge that those who have become Christians had improved”.
_	The DNVP was secure in the knowledge that its vote would not cause the resumption of the war while the odium of Versailles would be borne by the other parties.
_	Armed with the fact that the beverage choices offered to beer drinkers rivaled or surpassed those enjoyed by wine drinkers, and with the knowledge that America could produce world-class brews, Healy introduced excellent, award-winning craft beers.
_	Knowledge primarily includes health literacy, but may also involve the knowledge that is gained via access to physicians and the medical establishment.
_	It is designed to deter potential aggressors by the knowledge that defeat of the Tatmadaw's regular forces in conventional warfare would be followed by persistent guerrilla warfare in the occupied areas by people militias and dispersed regular troops which would eventually wear down the invading forces, both physically and psychologically, and leave it vulnerable to a counter-offensive.
_	It is the knowledge that is sanctioned by local, state, and federal authorities.
_	It is also the knowledge that discipline specific associations (e.g., National Council of Teachers of Mathematics; International Reading Association; Council for Exceptional Children) advocate as essential to their particular academic discipline.
_	He finally gathers the courage to visit Marissa's grave, where he bumps into Julie, who consoles him with the knowledge that at least Marissa did not die alone.
_	The club went into a game against relegation rivals Carrick Rangers with the knowledge that a defeat would all but condemn them to relegation to which they lost the game 3-2."The Ports"' relegation was officially confirmed following a 3–2 defeat to Ards on Easter Tuesday fixture.
_	With the knowledge that the Paris Peace agreement called for a cease fire in place, communist troops in South Vietnam attacked 400 villages attempting to expand their area of control before the cease fire took effect.
_	"Being part of all of these people, and in the knowledge that none dares contest that assertion, I shall claim that - I am an African."
_	Raingard Esser, a doctorate of medieval and modern history, believes the men acted so in order to express their anger and strife over the knowledge that their women had to sell themselves to survive, while they, the men, were now also dependent on the women.
_	After two sets against the Freedoms, the Dream found itself trailing, 9–7, with the knowledge that a win would mean a playoff spot.
_	In general, this research shows that what is crucial for blindfold chess are both the knowledge that chess players have acquired and their ability to carry out visuo-spatial operations in the mind’s eye.
_	During this time Helena began to look to Hippolyta as a mother figure and believed that she was indeed the daughter of the Amazon Queen, despite the knowledge that her true parents were killed during the war.
_	It is possible that Himmler, who by late 1943 knew that the war was unwinnable, allowed the July 20 plot to go ahead in the knowledge that if it succeeded he would be Hitler's successor, and could then lead to a peace settlement.
_	With the knowledge that his enemy is listening, Morgan begins to slowly torture Damian, telling Batman, in detail, everything he does to the boy.
_	Some economists believe that market transactions provide the basis for a society to benefit from the knowledge that is dispersed among its constituent agents.
_	Gordon declined all honours of financial gain, writing: "I know I shall leave China as poor as I entered it, but with the knowledge that, through my weak instrumentality, upwards of eighty to one hundred thousand lives have been spared.
_	In verses 19 to 22 of Purva-khanda, the Pashupatabrahma Upanishad asserts that the Hamsa, the Paramataman, is the internal sun that radiates within, and one in quest of Brahman must meditate within, through "Pranava" (Om) and the knowledge that the Brahman is within oneself.
_	After discussion the crew elected to remove inputs related to a wet runway, in the knowledge that the runway was dry.
_	An amended complaint was filed, adding the families of two other victims, as well as adding the additional charge that Blackwater routinely deploys heavily armed "shooters" in the streets of Baghdad with the knowledge that up to 25 percent of them are chemically influenced by steroids or other judgment-altering substances, and fails to take effective steps to stop and test for drug use.
_	This was usually done in a nominal sense, giving the coach additional prestige, additional pay, and the knowledge that the only supervision that he was under was that of the college president or chancellor and perhaps an athletics committee, and such supervision was often token.
_	Evidently the enemy laid mines at the appropriate time in the knowledge that the ship would be kept out and thus present a target for torpedo attack.""
_	Never liking to own up to being at a loss, he can always deliver the knowledge that the Outlaws need.
_	In the years that followed, as her children were abroad at boarding schools and universities, and her husband was active once more in Ghanaian politics and as an ambassador for the nation, she stayed mostly in Kumasi, providing the base from which he could travel out into the world, secure in the knowledge that Peggy was taking care of things on the home front.
_	Transport infrastructure connects people to jobs, education, and health services; it enables the supply of goods and services around the world; and allows people to interact and generate the knowledge that creates long-term growth.
_	Covenant, still unwilling to fully accept the Land, chooses the latter and awakes in his hospital bed, weakened from his physical trauma, still afflicted with his disease, but happy to be alive, and secure in the knowledge that he had not failed the Land.
_	This forces an upset Envy to commit suicide by tearing out their Philosopher's Stone core and crushing it rather than live with the knowledge that a "lowly human" understood their personal plight.
_	With the knowledge that he had to cantilever his house in some way and that he would be limited in his materials and constructional methods, McIntyre designed a rigidly geometric house that featured shallow triangular living quarters perched atop a far more vertically elongated triangle that formed the access stairwell.
_	When Weapon Omega was eventually deposed, the threat from Omega Red to the East was expected, yet the first wave never came and it never would, as Omega Red had been given the knowledge that the canister containing the Apocalypse power was now in Prophet’s possession.
_	"NME" writer Helen Mead felt that the album "seems almost a step back, in that it's cleaner, sparser, more clinical" than "Music for the Masses", but concluded that "there is security in the knowledge that everything is very clear cut in Depeche Mode's blue and white world."
_	She aborted her pregnancy without her first husband's knowledge, which led to their eventual divorce, as James Ellison couldn't cope with the knowledge that Lila sacrificed their unborn child for the sake of her career.
_	Moline, who grew up with a love for humor, said that he always took great pleasure from the knowledge that The Three Stooges were Jewish.
_	When again directly ordered to block the runway Jackson suggested that British tanks and armoured cars would be more suitable, in the knowledge that this would almost certainly be vetoed by the British government.
_	His time spent as an office clerk proved to be beneficial in allowing him to acquire the knowledge that would lead him to enter the law office of John Passmore, Esquire.
_	A crime occurs if there is an intentional attack directed against civilians (principle of distinction) ... or an attack is launched on a military objective in the knowledge that the incidental civilian injuries would be clearly excessive in relation to the anticipated military advantage (principle of proportionality)."
_	In the end no motions were passed and the status quo was maintained, except for that the motion to 'recognise and publicise the knowledge that alcohol use is more harmful than cannabis use' was rescinded.
_	Poverty, in some countries, may influence parents to send their children to work in another urban country with a more stable economy, such as the U.S., without the knowledge that the child is then forced into slave labor or prostitution.
_	Finding his own stuffed corpse in an amusement park, he took comfort in the knowledge that someday he would get to go home.
_	X was only using him and had no more need for him or the Earth; he committed suicide rather than live with the knowledge that he was just a freak of nature.
_	Baseball had for some time been living uneasily in the knowledge that bribes were being offered by gamblers, and that some players were accepting them.
_	It has been developed from the knowledge that cannabis smokers often experience hunger, which is often referred to as "the munchies".
_	Meanwhile, Gann said that the knowledge that one would likely fall in battle eventually regardless of what happens made it possible to play the game without fear.
_	As the creation and refinement of the device was a wartime military research operation, the knowledge that Kosacki created the first practical metal detector was kept secret for over 50 years.
_	Cold Lazarus is a four-part British television drama written by Dennis Potter with the knowledge that he was dying of cancer of the pancreas.
_	She causes her family to come to terms with the knowledge that they are dead, and thus "awakened" they become able to assist her.
_	Faced with this shocking development and the knowledge that they have nowhere near the money that is required for the surgery, Mladen and Marija look into different ways of coming up with the funds.
_	With this advice, Po realized the scroll's true empowering symbolic value: the power lay within the knowledge that whatever someone turned them selves into with enough dedication made them the best version of themselves they could be.
_	From this information and the knowledge that China had a no-war policy with its neighbors during that time, he decided to capture Manila and establish himself as ruler of his would-be kingdom and stronghold.
_	Robbie later finds himself embroiled with a feud with Duncan when he begins harassing and blackmailing Tasha with the knowledge that the late Angie Russell (Laurie Foell) is her mother and Robbie lashes out.
_	Another invention for the novel is the knowledge that two other ships, the "Anne" and "Marintha", disappeared via the same mysterious phenomenon that sends the "Spindrift" to the giants' planet.
_	A popular view that prostitutes were licentious, hot-blooded and hungry for sex was incompatible with the knowledge that most worked for money, and the lists therefore criticise women whose demands for payment appeared a little too mercenary.
_	Price secretly marked Hope's photographic plates, and provided him with a packet of additional plates that had been covertly etched with the brand image of the Imperial Dry Plate Co. Ltd. in the knowledge that the logo would be transferred to any images created with them.
_	Amanda's corpse is seen in "Saw IV" and "Saw V", and she appears in flashbacks in "Saw V", and "Saw VI", the latter of which reveals that Mark Hoffman blackmailed Amanda into killing Lynn, using the knowledge that she had a role in the death of John's son.
_	Over the course of the story, Bosch wrestles with the knowledge that his retirement is imminent and makes it his mission to train Soto to take over in the Open-Unsolved Unit.
_	The world designs were also developed with the knowledge that most of the staff were now used to computer graphics, which was not the case with "Final Fantasy VII".
_	The latest investigations have yielded the knowledge that this site was girded by a typical Roman V-shaped ditch, within which spread an area of roughly two hectares.
_	Armed with the knowledge that it is stored for safekeeping on Babylon 5, he returns and uses it to save Ivanova's life, at the cost of his own.
_	Shizuka sets off at once for Hagi and brings Shigeru the news, who resolves to rescue him from likely persecution from Iida's men, with the knowledge that if the boy inherited his family's skills, he may be the assassin he has been waiting for.
_	He may leave it on his library table safe in the knowledge that it does not contain one line of matter either in the text or the advertisements which would be offensive.
_	The man is once again joyous with the knowledge that faith has sustained him through life.
_	Australia started the final innings in the knowledge that they have only twice, in fifty years, managed to pull off a second innings score higher than the first, needing as they did 307 runs for victory.
_	Although for the most part they are ignored in everyday life, it was not possible for education in the logical construction of the metric system to ignore the metric prefixes deci, centi, hecto and deka, since the derivation of the litre is dependent upon the knowledge that it derives from the volume of a cubic decimetre, i.e. 1000 cubic centimetres.
_	Castle signs the contract, but subsequently commits suicide with the knowledge that he can never reclaim his lost idealism that he had sacrificed for success.
_	Charity survived, and thereafter Tabitha's hatred toward Charity was somewhat tempered by the knowledge that her beloved Timmy's heart beat in place of Charity's.
_	It will be a great satisfaction to me to show off in this way; and perhaps the largest of all the satisfactions will be the knowledge that every scoffer, of my sex, will secretly envy me and wish he dared to follow my lead.
_	Brokers and lenders preyed on these neighborhoods with the knowledge that these people were often denied for loans and the demand for loans were high.
_	Singh mentions the following examples, out of many others, to substantiate his point: "(1) the knowledge that tells humans how to make nuclear and chemical weapons; (2) the knowledge that enables them to clone animals and will possibly also enable them to clone humans; (3) the knowledge that reveals to them the sex of a foetus; (4) the knowledge that allows them to genetically modify crops and vegetables, and possibly in the future also humans; (5) even the knowledge of the inner structure of a plant, tree, or flower."
_	However, as one would expect, the knowledge that participants gleaned from the first town did not transfer, or aid them, in their travels around the second town.
_	Such clauses may be used to induce a party to be more willing to accept contractual terms, in the knowledge that if better terms are offered to someone else in future, the same improved terms will also be applied retrospectively to all existing parties as well.
_	What he discovered with 'Abba on the Jukebox' is that you didn’t even have to go that far – what makes this song so poignant is that the loss between the lines, the knowledge that these things he's describing can't ever return or be remade, goes unmentioned."
_	The losers are safe in the knowledge that they will neither lose their lives nor their liberty and will continue to participate in public life.
_	The foundation of a testimony is the knowledge that Heavenly Father lives and loves
_	Common ground refers to the knowledge that participants have in common, and they are aware that they have this information in common.
_	This change in events was acceptable to Germans, who were able to relax in the knowledge that they were still the owners of the fastest liner; however, NDL promptly ordered that "Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse" undergo a refit to ensure that they were the dominant German company.
_	Coupled with the knowledge that the Hawaiian islands are ringed with debris fans where large portions of the various volcanoes have slid into the sea – the volume of the Hilina slump has been estimated at 10,000–12,000 cubic kilometers – it seems reasonable to consider the risk of volcanic and/or seismic acivity in Hawaii wreaking havoc around the Pacific Rim.
_	326A: Whoever causes permanent or partial damage or deformity to, or burns or maims or disfigures or disables, any part or parts of the body of a person or causes grievous hurt by throwing acid on or by administering acid to that person, or by using any other means with the intention of causing or with the knowledge that he is likely to cause such injury or hurt, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which shall not be less than ten years but which may extend to imprisonment for life, and with fine:
_	Khaliq and Anor v HMA was a Scottish criminal case decided by the High Court of Justiciary on appeal, in which it was decided that it was an offence at common law to supply materials that were otherwise legal in the knowledge that they would be used for self-harm.
_	These are attributed based on the knowledge that they were produced in the Southern Netherlands between about 1570 and 1600 and display a strong influence of late Italian Manierism.
_	It was through this experience that he completed his initiation rites and gained the knowledge that is needed to become a powerful shaman.
_	Further experiments verified this, using the knowledge that the carbenium ion formed in an aza-Prins/pinacol pathway would be effected by its substituent's ability to stabilize its positive charge, thus changing the reactivity of the pathway.
_	He argued that such errors in linguistic performance are irrelevant to the study of linguistic competence, the knowledge that allows people to construct and understand grammatical sentences.
_	In moving and forceful language, the poem deals with the joys of the life of a warrior, the hope that his death will be followed by a gory revenge, and the knowledge that he will soon know the pleasures of Valhalla.
_	In this case, 3 and 4 year-olds overestimate the knowledge that could be gained through feeling the object.
_	In order to expand the breadth and depth of the knowledge that comes with experience,as part of the New College program, Alexander created three required elements.
_	Therefore, the knowledge that a node has of the network is very dynamic.
_	When he finds her on the beach later, she confronts him with the knowledge that she knows he's preparing to run.
_	In due course Ted entrusts Bobby with the knowledge that he has escaped the grasp of the "Low Men", strange people who would stop at nothing to get him back in their control.
_	Thanks to the RAF’s experience with aptitude and intelligence tests, and the knowledge that lack of education did not mean lack of intelligence, the RAF was able to train suitable candidates in appropriate trades and so assisted in creating the backbone of the RAF’s technical services during the years dominated by transient national servicemen.
_	This may be the feeling of being needed or the knowledge that they have acquired new skills etc.
_	This idea is built upon the knowledge that "Flow My Tears" is a setting of an earlier Dowland pavane for lute, while, according to Leech-Wilkinson, "I Saw My Lady Weepe" most likely originated as a song.
_	Billy asks his Heavenly Guide for permission to go to Louise's high school graduation, and there he silently gives both Louise and Julie the confidence they need and the knowledge that, in spite of everything, he did love Julie.
_	Harry reunites with his team, and their elation at having survived and triumphed over the odds is tempered by the knowledge that only an extremely powerful wizard could have imprisoned the Shoggoth on the mortal plane, which means someone from the White Council, their own side, has not only violated the Laws of Magic, but sent them to protect it in the expectation that they would die.
_	Harriet visits Harwell in prison to comfort him with the knowledge that his wife had not, after all, been unfaithful.
_	Even before the vitamin had been completely characterized, the knowledge that raw liver and its extracts treated pernicious anemia (previously a terminal disease) was a major advance in medicine.
_	Again the idea that these women did something to deserve this end is easier to accept than the knowledge that it could happen to anyone else.
_	But Linden made his choice then, to keep his Faith, to put his Faith in God and to try and spend his life doing good in the knowledge that God has a purpose for him.
_	Mike, in the knowledge that this will cost the brewery and not him, warmly agrees.
_	The obvious flaw is that the team that wins the penalty shoot-out would be inclined to play defensively in extra time in the knowledge that a draw would put them through.
_	The Society was founded on the knowledge that without wild animals, life would be deprived and demeaned, that they move the people through the great mystery of creation.
_	Lt. Blue and Parrish approached Wappocomo with the knowledge that Union Army forces kept a guard at the main house there day and night.
_	After several days of trying to make the radio work, they gave up and returned to the fuselage with the knowledge that they would have to climb out of the mountains if they were to have any hope of being rescued.
_	It Books published "Supernatural: Bobby Singer's Guide to Hunting" by David Reed on September 6, 2011 (), sharing all the knowledge that the character Bobby Singer had to share about hunting, the Winchesters, and other knowledge he picked up over the years dealing with the elements of the supernatural.
_	But the relationship is further complicated, when during July 1995 David confides in the Samaritans charity (unbeknownst to any of his family) that he still feels sexually attracted to Bianca despite the knowledge that he is her biological father.
_	Batman confronts him with the knowledge that Chill killed Thomas and Martha Wayne.
_	With the next one quickly approaching, and now armed with the knowledge that the earlier occult ritual needs one more death to be completed, Regina races to make sure that Paul is not the final victim.
_	Each afternoon, the prices for the next day are released to the public and the media, allowing consumers to make an informed decision whether to fill up today or tomorrow, safe in the knowledge that prices cannot change.
_	Secure in the knowledge that practically no one had ever heard the thing, Slade eventually redid the record as "We'll Bring the House Down", a fully realized project."
_	Ross is also driven by the knowledge that his one true love, Abby, was captured by the Japanese and "is in their hands".
_	Believing his family dead, a vengeful Aenarion travelled to the Blighted Isle and drew the Sword of Khaine from its resting place in the Shrine of Khaine there, ignoring the knowledge that to do so not only damned oneself but their descendants as well.
_	Therefore, the wider the diversity of voices engaged in egalitarian dialogue, the better the knowledge that can be dialogically constructed.
_	In the same year, Germany decided to resume unrestricted submarine warfare against any vessel approaching British waters; this attempt to starve Britain into surrender was balanced against the knowledge that it would almost certainly bring the United States into the war.
_	And the knowledge that you need God is the all important gift from God according to Kierkegaard.
_	Journalist Amy Harris opined that, with the knowledge that her father was gravely ill at the time, Cornell "should not have been included in this series.
_	Both are concerned with Dr. Gustav Lauben's having been wounded, and are later joined by Herbert Garner who is possessed of the knowledge that Gustav Lauben was born on 13 September 1875.
_	When the Dauphin Charles granted Joan's urgent request to be equipped for war and placed at the head of his army, his decision must have been based in large part on the knowledge that every orthodox, every rational option had been tried and had failed.
_	Although she tries to shield her children from the knowledge that they are poor and she is a prostitute, every night the narrator hears his mother beg God for forgiveness and understanding for doing what she has to do for the sake of her children.
_	Tuđman did not hide his displeasure with the plan, receiving the draft with the knowledge that Milošević's opposition to the plan (because of his concerns for Kosovo) would not allow it to be implemented.
_	It is unclear how widespread the knowledge that Khasinau is not the leader is within the organization.
_	The change has been a source of some contention as opponents argue that businesses use this change to suppress wages, with corporate owners leveraging the knowledge that an immigrant should hold a job to successfully complete the immigration process.
_	During the Second World War, some 30 years previously, Sebastian had served in military intelligence while the part-Jewish Lydia was with the Resistance and then survived on her wits and her feminine charms; each is shown using the aptitude for deception developed then to try to protect the other from the knowledge that Lydia is suffering from a terminal illness.
_	The boy is instantly an outsider for his English name, Fitzsaxby, and is bullied and harassed as a different side of racism shown by the Boers, who have the knowledge that twenty-six thousand women and children died at the hands of the English in the Boer Wars.
_	Su-jin at first experiences denial, then becomes heavily burdened by the knowledge that she will forget her husband.
_	One of the foundations of the campaign was the knowledge that certain aspects of the law on council budgeting in 1985 were not entirely clear.
_	Some sources claim that Louis had in fact died in 1878: his mind clouded by alcohol and tortured by the knowledge that his life was ruined, he threw himself into Lake Zug, near Zürich.
_	As such, if other organizations were to preempt the plaintiffs, the knowledge that the plaintiffs had spent money to gather and analyze would be rendered basic.
_	In "The Courage to Be", he lists three basic anxieties: anxiety about our biological finitude, i.e. that arising from the knowledge that we will eventually die; anxiety about our moral finitude, linked to guilt; and anxiety about our existential finitude, a sense of aimlessness in life.
_	As the heroes exit the field, everyone's ages regress to what they originally were, leaving Jason and Karina with the knowledge that they will have a child together.
_	With the knowledge that Adrian will slow the boys down, the ladies take the dromedary camels.
_	Not fancy in the slightest, the singer encompasses the knowledge that her powerful and kinky voice is enough to snare an audience and keep them pinned for as long as she wants."
_	It is only if a party contracting with a company has acted in callous bad faith with the knowledge that a company exceeded its capacity, that a contract may still cease to be valid.
_	This view is supported by a study of the performance schedules for other Venice operas, and by the knowledge that the Manelli company had severed its connection with the Teatro Cassiano before the 1639–40 season.
_	They console him with the knowledge that his daughter would have died following the rules.
_	The music video for the song, which was directed by Pablo Croce, depicts a woman taking advantage of a man, and making him suffer through the knowledge that she betrays him.
_	Determined to save the planet, Sheridan turns the "Excalibur" into a research vessel, armed with the best experts that can be found to search the galaxy for other races and technologies who may possess the knowledge that can lead to a cure.
_	If there is blame, which derives from the knowledge that someone is accountable for the harmful actions, and they could have been controlled, then anger occurs.
_	Further motivation came from the knowledge that China, as a whole, had a mercantilist-like attitude towards foreign commerce; they tended to resist the importation of foreign goods because of a mixture of Confucian doctrine, which deprecated trade, and the underlying ethnocentrism felt by the Chinese—they did not need to actively search for trade because the inferior white "barbarian" states would instinctively bring it to them as a form of tribute.
_	While penning the teleplay, he kept in mind the knowledge that "nothing positive [is] happening"; however, Small did admit that the final scene of the episode—Brendon's camera breaking on the road—was actually an optimistic footnote in the series' narrative.
_	Teachers use this strategy in an attempt to build on the knowledge that students already know and apply it to new information and situations.
_	Power responded, stating that "we can all breathe easier in the knowledge that all those moments of second guessing and all them feelings of negativity.
_	The complaint further contends that AT&T continued to employ this system even with the knowledge that it facilitated use of IP Relay by fraudulent foreign callers, which accounted for up to 95 percent of AT&T’s call volume.
_	The cost of even very skilled labour was low compared to that of the materials, and in the absence of any reliable way of either depositing or investing money, it was turned into lavish objects, in the knowledge that it might well need to be sold or melted down to finance some future project.
_	For 15 years ANA had operated in the knowledge that the only satisfactory time to check fuel tanks for the presence of water was prior to the first flight of the day, after the aircraft had been stationary overnight.
_	On 30 August, off Finistere, they met the frigate HMS "Boadicea"; identifying the French ships as returning from Haiti, and with the knowledge that such ships were often armed en flûte and stricken with yellow fever, "Boadicea" decided to attack and approached under a French flag.
_	It is not possible to me to express the feeling of joy and admiration that I have experimented to the knowledge that Panama, the center of the Universe, is segregated by itself and freed by its own virtue.
_	In the Dark, she gains the knowledge that the Fade are not as they seem.
_	A solution that includes stencil buffer is based on the knowledge that a polygon to be in front of which it stands.
_	Individuals may be draws toward specific field or occupation with the knowledge that seniority is obtainable.
_	This was taken by some to mean that system boundaries are subjective constructions, e.g., C. West Churchman argued that "boundaries are social or personal constructs that define the limits of the knowledge that is taken as pertinent in an analysis".
_	Before being sent on active service, he attempts to seduce his ex-wife Virginia, secure in the knowledge that the Catholic Church still regards her as his wife; she refuses him.
_	He may also have framed Lillith for murder out of the knowledge that her mother, Hexa, would ask to be punished in her place.
_	A Chicago Tribune editorial commented, "She leaves with a spotless personal reputation, an intent to keep promoting softball, and the knowledge that she has inspired other girls and women who play for the love of the game."
_	He changes his mind when he meets a woman, Molly Ross, who is "consumed by the knowledge that the America we know is about to be lost forever," an idea Gardner dismisses as a conspiracy theory.
_	With the knowledge that no one had yet cracked the video-on-demand market in the middle east, Telly Plus and Icflix became the main competitors when they entered a fragmented market affected by piracy and little investment yet with 14.5 million hours of videos are watched per day.
_	The surprise stems from the knowledge that corals are long lived, with lifespans on the order of decades, and do not have adaptive immune systems.
_	Jean confirmed that the possibility was open for Jackie Mason to reprise his role as Rabbi Krustofski in dreams or flashbacks, and that Krusty would become a more generous character in the knowledge that his father admired his work.
_	With our "canonical" version we have the knowledge that the symbols are in sequential alphabetical order "and" that a later code will always be higher in value than an earlier one.
_	"The Heart" also focuses on the psychology behind the refusal to donate a deceased loved one's organs, even with the knowledge that someone else's life can possibly be saved.
_	Oliver is devastated by the knowledge that his son may never wake up and that Connor had forgiven him years ago.
_	The toil of "rocks in my shoes, dirt in my eyes, working like a dog 'til the day I die", is balanced by the knowledge that "My baby's waitin, for me at the end of the day", and each verse ends with the inescapable reminder that one must indeed "plow to the end of the row".
_	For instance, to estimate the square root of 15, we could start with the knowledge that the nearest perfect square is 16 (4).
_	The one thing they all share is the knowledge that they will probably have to confront the City again and again over the following days.
_	Whoever, with the intention of wounding the feelings of any person, or of insulting the religion of any person, or with the knowledge that the feelings of any person are likely to be wounded, or that the religion of any person is likely to be insulted thereby,
_	They grow together, play pranks together and are friends without the knowledge that people and wolves are enemies.
_	This ensures that any effects on the volunteer are due to the treatment itself and are not a response to the knowledge that he is being treated.
_	This is supported by the knowledge that Bach wished to end his tenure under Prince Leopold.
_	(c) Being the lessor or landlord of any premises, or the agent of the lessor or landlord, lets the premises or any part thereof with the knowledge that the premises are to be used as a place of resort for the commission of indecent acts between males, or that dome part thereof is to be so used, or is wilfully a party to the continued use of the premises or any part thereof as a place of resort for the commission of such acts as aforesaid.
_	Supporting evidence for a genetic cause was primarily obtained by assessment of family lines, coupled with the knowledge that many animals will rupture the CrCL in both knees, often relatively early in life.
_	On 8 September, the regiment was withdrawn to a safer area in the knowledge that the Gothic Line had been broken.
_	The film received mixed reviews, Kirk Honeycutt of "The Hollywood Reporter" praised Pattinson's performance, stating that "(he) makes you forget the white makeup and weird eye contact lenses – to focus on a character torn between his love for the human Bella (Stewart) and the knowledge that she'll have to let go of her beating heart if she's to stay with him forever."
_	At the same time, Kahlan struggles with the knowledge that she is with child, and the trouble that will come because of it.
_	Taking advantage of the knowledge that enhancers can work independent of their relative locations, candidate sequences are placed downstream of a minimal promoter, allowing the active enhancers to transcribe themselves.
_	Finally, the social structure of the town is inverted, as the episode focuses on the knowledge that the four boys have of the aliens as opposed to the ignorant and incompetent adults.
_	It is later revealed that Heather had blackmailed Naomi, Hayden Barnes' mother, with the knowledge that her ex-husband, Jeff Webber, was Hayden's father (conceived after his marriage to Elizabeth's mother), and has been receiving monthly payments for years for keeping the secret.
_	Paul Kagame engaged with the peace process against the advice of some of his senior officers, and in the knowledge that many of those on the other side of the table were hardliners who were not sincerely interested in negotiations; he feared that shunning the opportunity for peace would weaken the RPF politically and lose them international goodwill.
_	This follows quickly from the knowledge that twice the sine of 18 degrees is the reciprocal golden ratio, which we know geometrically from the triangle with angles of 72,72,36 degrees.
_	The role of Jimmy Shepherd was played by Nat Faxon in the pilot for "The Mick", with the knowledge that Faxon's other commitments would prohibit him from continuing in the role if the pilot got picked up to series.
_	The story itself is simple and yet universal in its theme: the courageous knight dutifully obeys the command of his king despite the knowledge that he will almost certainly be going to his death.
_	He pleads Saqi to bestow the knowledge of spirituality and ethereal wisdom on him – the knowledge that has been referred as mae (wine).
_	We are doing this on the assumption that, obviously, we cannot afford—United States or Canada—a short-term catastrophic collapse, but on the other hand we're doing this with the knowledge that the automakers must change their way of doing business in a very serious way and must bring their products and their costs in line with the marketplace".
_	Some utilize cheap but high damage ships to "suicide gank" and kill players in high-security space (where they should theoretically be safe) quickly before CONCORD law enforcement units arrive to destroy them (thus "suiciding"), in the knowledge that certain ships they destroy will be carrying valuable commodities or expensive gear capable of recovering the cost of the pirate vessels lost in the gank.
_	These are: (1) the presence of a living being, human or animal; (2) the knowledge that the being is a living being; (3) the intent to kill; (4) the act of killing by some means; and (5) the resulting death.
_	One theory is based on the knowledge that beginning with the earliest historical records, those who waged war against the imperial court were referred to as oni by the imperial court, both in scorn and as a way to demonize enemies of the court by literally referring to them as demons.
_	Thus, utilizing the knowledge that students don't know stimulates their ability to ask more complex questions.
_	Love demands sacrifice, they all learn: the bigger the sacrifice, the sweeter the reward, sometimes as freedom, and sometimes as the knowledge that the person you love has gained everything you'd wish for them.
_	However, it had been Cavataio who had killed Di Pisa in the knowledge that the Grecos would blame the La Barberas and a war would be the result.
_	Torn between his bond to humanity and the knowledge that he will never be a part of it, De Ming must find within himself the strength to defeat the group of cyborg assassins that has descended on the town to avenge his betrayal of cyborg.
_	The urgency for attaining perfection comes from the knowledge that the remnant must live perfectly during the time of trouble at the end to prove to the universe that fallen human beings can keep the law of God.
_	Article 2.1 of the 1999 sectoral United Nations International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism (Terrorist Financing Convention) defines the crime of terrorist financing as the offence committed by "any person" who "by any means, directly or indirectly, unlawfully and wilfully, provides or collects funds with the intention that they should be used or in the knowledge that they are to be used, in full or in part, in order to carry out" an act "intended to cause death or serious bodily injury to a civilian, or to any other person not taking an active part in the hostilities in a situation of armed conflict, when the purpose of such act, by its nature or context, is to intimidate a population, or to compel a government or an international organization to do or to abstain from doing any act."
_	It could be that you are interested in painting but you are not much aware of the trends or the knowledge that is required for this field.
_	Later the same evening Chatterjee Krishna blackmailed Carstairs for the key with the knowledge that Carstairs used ether as a recreational drug.
_	This was, however, without the knowledge that Bill and Brooke had fallen in love and kissed.
_	I'm still haunted, though, by the knowledge that the very last scene he played in the picture, which he knew was the last day's acting he would ever do, was his death scene.
_	This is based on the knowledge that the right frontal lobe is responsible for regulating negative emotion.
_	With the knowledge that Pauling was working on DNA and had submitted a model of DNA for publication, Watson and Crick mounted one more concentrated effort to deduce the structure of DNA.
_	This is the first surviving use of the word mormaer; other than the knowledge that Constantine's kingdom had its own bishop or bishops and royal villas, this is the only hint to the institutions of the kingdom.
_	AllMusic's Stewart Mason gave the album 3.5 out of 5 stars, calling it "an immediately likable bit of good-humored anti-folk that doesn't require the visuals -- or even the knowledge that, yes, Rav Shmuel really is a Hasidic rabbi -- to get across."
_	For an invention to be considered "novel", it must not have been anticipated by the knowledge that existed prior to relevant filing or priority date of a patent application whether it existed by the way of written or oral disclosure.
_	She confesses the story to her parents and in the knowledge that her name has been cleared attempts to return to her former milk-carton poet identity, agreeing to compete in "Gettu betur".
_	In Brogodó, where the powerful North serafia kingdom are directed, one bandit gives up his wife and his son to follow in banditry in the knowledge that their families will be safe.
_	Slim then confronts McCollum with the knowledge that the legion killed Don, and he is taken to the legion's meeting ground to be tried as a traitor.
_	Once there Malorie is horrified to find that almost everyone in the sanctuary had deliberately blinded themselves as a form of protection, but Rick assures them that they do not do this anymore and Malorie refers to the children by name, relaxing in the knowledge that the three of them are finally safe.
_	[The situation] is organized with the knowledge that there might be accidents, accidents which will be more interesting than what I had intended".
_	Illustration A, being an officer directed by law to take property in execution, to satisfy a decree pronounced in Z's favour by a Court of Justice, knowingly disobeys that direction of law, with the knowledge that he is likely thereby to cause injury to Z.
_	Started in Los Angeles and based on the knowledge that strong, interesting and intelligent women are more powerful as a group, the club has begun to expand internationally.
_	Experience is the knowledge that contributes to the procedural understanding of a subject through involvement or exposure.
_	The bright banners and gaily uniformed Chinese troops could be seen here and there; and with the knowledge that modern guns of large calibre were mounted in the different forts, it appeared that the day’s fight would be a memorable one.
_	I see this ambiguity in Ihor Pavlyuk’s works and I am happy in the knowledge that there is a very good poet in Ukraine.
_	"by the knowledge of Christ" is not meant subjectively the knowledge that is in Christ, or which he has of others, either as God or man; but objectively, that knowledge which believers have of him, who know him not only in his person, as God over all, but as a Saviour and Redeemer, and as theirs; they know him in all his relations, and particularly as their Lord, not by creation only, but by redemption and grace, as the apostle did, putting an emphasis on these words, "my Lord"; thereby expressing his faith of interest in him, his great affection for him, and cheerful subjection to him.
_	In multi-agent system research, distributed knowledge is all the knowledge that a community of agents possesses and might apply in solving a problem.
_	Distributed knowledge might also be called the aggregate knowledge of a community, as it represents all the knowledge that a community might bring to bear to solve a problem.
_	However, there are many alternate theories to describe the knowledge that is obtained through learning an artificial grammar.
_	But the knowledge that the club could not have been relegated was scant consolation for poor performances in the latter half of the season.
_	Using among other things the example of the movement of protest, in Germany, at the end of the 19th century, against article 175 of the German Penal Code which criminalized any homosexual act, Danet considers that the psychiatrists "expected only one thing from the abolition of this law, namely, to be able to take over the 'perverts'" [as homosexuals were regarded at that time] "for themselves and to treat them with all the knowledge that they claimed to have acquired since around 1860" (Danet cites then Morel and his "Treaty of degenerescence", published in 1857).
_	From here, the left inverse can be calculated to be formula_24, and so with the knowledge that
_	But her bravado hides the knowledge that she is severely ill with tuberculosis.
_	Jamin Smith criticized the games for not innovating as much as some people would have liked, but stated that "rest assured in the knowledge that "Black" and "White" are damn fine games; the best the series has to offer."
_	The English translation, by John Frampton, appeared in 1579, under the title "A discourse of the Navigation which the Portugales doe Make to the Realmes and Provinces of the East Partes of the Worlde, and of the knowledge that growes by them of the great thinges, which are in the Dominion of China".
_	Although the creators had been confident that the idea of a book juxtaposing superheroes and the police procedural had not been done previously, the knowledge that Moore was doing something similar nearly led them to abandon the series, before discovering that "Top Ten" featured superhero police officers and a different enough approach that led them to feel safe in continuing.
_	This abrupt introductory date allows for the estimation and use of the index with the knowledge that values prior to 1985 are zero.
_	Perhaps the knowledge that there would be a large number of Irish soldiers attending the ceremony in Woolwich gave the priest and the congregation confidence.
_	With Cul animating the Destroyer, Odin unleashes it on the new Thor, but although she is unable to hold her own, she receives aid from Odinson, Frigga, and the various women that Odinson had identified as possible candidates for his successor's true identity, Frigga forcing Odin to stand down as she confronts him with the knowledge that he has essentially become the villain with his unprovoked attack on the heroes.
_	The change from thirty nights to forty nights do not reflect a change in God's Knowledge, but only a change in the knowledge that Moses possessed.
_	It is possible that Himmler, who by late 1943 knew that the war was unwinnable, allowed the plot to go ahead in the knowledge that if it succeeded he would be Hitler's successor, and could then bring about a peace settlement.
_	Through his interaction with Kornilov, Lvov gained the knowledge that Kornilov wanted to create a stronger, more unified government where he had more of a voice.
_	Before the battle, no preparations, such as digging entrenchments, nor any defensive plans were made, despite the knowledge that CS General Breckinridge had a large force nearby.
_	He published only two scientific papers, but his major contributions were in the knowledge that he imparted to other botanists in his letters to them and in the thousands of specimens that he provided for their herbaria.
_	Although he missed football he could find happiness in the knowledge that Permian football would go on forever.
_	Donald evolved in Bark's hands from what Geofrey Moses describes as a 'jumble of neuroses and funny quacking noises' into an 'exemplar of modernist doubt and anxiety,' observing that 'Barks' comics were surely popular in large part because they allowed people to see their unconscious fears and insecurities laid bare and simultaneously to laugh at them, safe in the knowledge that, for all his problems, Donald would ultimately get through all right.
_	He also enjoyed the pairing of Mac and Max, while he believed that the impact of Vinnie and Leo's reappearances was blunted by the knowledge that the show would likely not return for a fourth season.
_	He noted that "[t]he ace in Jolie's deck here is the knowledge that a girl as young as Loung can't comprehend the larger meaning of what's happening to her, and is therefore unlikely to expend precious emotional energy connecting cause-and-effect dots or lamenting what was lost.
_	Theophysics would be the opposite approach, i.e. an approach to the material world informed by the knowledge that it is created by God.
_	In quantitative research, credibility is liken to internal validity, or the knowledge that our findings are representative of reality, and transferability is similar to external validity or the extent to which the findings can be generalized across different populations, methods, and settings.
_	Rather than kill his nemesis, he lets him live with the knowledge that he has failed.
_	In a bar, Soon Yeon and Hyun Sung drink their sorrows away with the knowledge that neither may actually be happy in their current situation.
_	I do this act in the knowledge that it will clear my family's character of any act or wrong'.
_	The early story "The Dryad-tree" is set in contemporary Florida and features a woman's reaction to the knowledge that her new husband's garden contains a tree possessed by a jealous dryad.
_	The proposals were often heavily discounted and strongly guaranteed in the knowledge that initial acceptance would likely lead to further contracts.
_	He accuses Mrs. Robilotti of poisoning Faith Usher; Byne was blackmailing her with the knowledge that her former husband was Faith’s father and invited Faith to the dinner as a threat.
_	Immediately after her husband begins cancer treatment, Jill goes to a dating agency to find another man, seemingly content in the knowledge that her husband will shortly die.
_	With the knowledge that they were not going to tour and had time at their disposal – and once again looking for different locales to record in – Wings found themselves moored on a yacht called "Fair Carol" in the Virgin Islands during the month of May where several new songs were recorded.
_	The world is spiraling out of control around him, and he has had to reconcile his initial feelings of triumph over the creation of the device with the knowledge that an infinite number of people in other universes invented it long before him.
_	Uffizi catches up with Dracula, who taunts him with the knowledge that Elizabeth will simply die and Uffizi knows it.
_	The grief becomes anticipatory due to the knowledge that the loved one's mental state will only become worse, so the grieving process can start very early.
_	The suit alleges that: "The financial services that the defendant knowingly provided to Hamas by collecting and transmitting funds on behalf of Hamas (with the knowledge that CBSP raises funds for Hamas) assists Hamas in its recruiting, rewarding, and providing incentives to suicide bombers and other terrorists",
_	The result of this revelation is anxiety in the knowledge that our validation must come from within and not from others.
_	It begins by discussing the way in which black people are invisible before they even fully understand that they are ("You are you even before you grow into understanding you are not anyone, worthless…" (Rankine)), and goes on to detail the struggle of living with the knowledge that society views blacks as less than, but refuses to acknowledge that they are being hurt by this.
_	Zhou signed these agreements in the knowledge that neither side would be able to implement these changes.
_	Secondly, it is those who consumed his ted talk and benefited from the knowledge that those in third world countries just need a chance to learn and they will take it.
_	With the knowledge that the Naval Aviation Division was seeking naval officers with a strong aptitude in naval engineering, having a desire to accept projects with a certain amount of risk, and with the combat-proven ability to lead naval personnel by example, Lieutenant Wead began the process for obtaining endorsements to his application to be nominated for flight training.
_	However, there continued to be uncertainty in the Enclave with the knowledge that the Enclave would revert to British rule upon Leopold's death.
_	With the knowledge that groups of workers had been dispersed along the lines to impede traffic, including the movement of troops, he issued a simultaneous declaration to the people of the state:
_	The CSC focuses on the use of quantitative research methods to further understanding of emotions and nonverbal behaviors with a goal to provide the knowledge that enhances the quality of our communication in a variety of areas including legal, marketing, health care, law enforcement communities.
_	Raymond was becoming "restive about doing his duty", a restlessness increased by the knowledge that four of his five brothers were already enlisted.
_	In other words, with the knowledge that one is valued by conspecifics signals reassurance and orients individuals towards affiliation as opposed to agonistic interactions.
_	Rave made a speech in the video claiming he was going to use all the knowledge that Prince Nana taught him to end Ciampa's undefeated streak.
_	She is described on the show's official website as being "industrious, practical and lives her life in the knowledge that it can be taken from you in a heartbeat."
_	Everton next faced Stoke at Goodison with the knowledge that a victory would see them rise into the top half of the Premier League table.
_	The series thus focused on the heroism of the main characters in fighting the invaders, while living with the knowledge that their fates were sealed regardless of whether or not they prevailed.
_	Lessons learned from the battle include the knowledge that the daily allotment of 2 gallons of water per man was inadequate in the heat of Vietnam and that the M14 Rifle was too bulky for troops crammed into small armored personnel carriers (APCs).
_	He recorded "Pilgrimage" with the knowledge that it would most likely be his last album; he died in January 2007.
_	Whenever Harvey undertook one of the offensive rushes for which he became famous, he was confident in the knowledge that Bouchard was backing him up if he was to lose the puck.
_	Rigpa is the knowledge that ensues from recognizing this mirror-like clarity, which cannot be found by searching nor identified.
_	Always hanging over Dortmunder's head is the knowledge that a third conviction will mean that he will be sent to prison for the rest of his life with no chance of parole.
_	The spies Guy Burgess and Kim Philby, seeking to disguise their Communist affiliations, joined the AGF in the knowledge that it was widely perceived as allied to the far right.
_	Though the method of using certified mail was in itself reasonably calculated to give notice, the knowledge that the State gained when the mail was returned unclaimed obligated it to take additional reasonable steps.
_	The workers joined in their grievances and the knowledge that the railroads affected everyone.
_	They crossed the Lunchinda in the knowledge that they were still in Zambian territory, as the maps showed.
_	I believed in the practicability of my idea and this belief sustains me in my appalling situation by scientists and specialists who show my idea to be practicable, I will feel happy in the knowledge that I have rendered an immense service to my country and mankind.
_	Given Lexington's personal relationship with the Bishop and other clerics in Lincoln, there is considerable suspicion that he pushed King Henry towards dealing with the Jews severely, and with the knowledge that the accusations had no basis in fact.
_	The Court noted that Spagnoli's "livelihood was clearly a collateral matter bearing upon his credibility" and that they did not believe "the jury's overall appraisal of this witness would have been substantially affected by the knowledge that he was being less than forthright concerning his source of income."
_	The book closes with the knowledge that the Confederacy will now be collapsing due to the reprisals of the Altavar, but holds out hope when it is revealed that the humans on the Warden worlds have a symbiosis and rapport with the Coldah that the Altavar had never achieved.
_	The secret is so terrible that he must share it with those who will help him protect the knowledge that will one day save all of humanity.
_	In the fourth and final issue, Tony shuts down the anti-Hulk nanodes in Bruce's body and provokes the Hulk transformation to defeat the Leader, over Banner's protests and despite the knowledge that the Hulk's physiology will adapt to the nanodes and render them useless in preventing further transformations.
_	Maher concludes that not only is the paradoxical conclusion true, but that Nicod's criterion is false in the absence of background knowledge (except for the knowledge that the number of objects in the universe is two and that ravens are less likely than black things).
_	The urgency for attaining perfection comes from the knowledge that the remnant must live perfectly during the "time of trouble" at the end to prove to the universe that fallen human beings can keep the law of God.
_	She was brought up with the knowledge that she would need to die to save the world, and, from that, has gained a truly selfless nature.
_	Devoted to her beloved Portugal, as she set sail for England any distress she may have felt at leaving her family and her home was no doubt lessened by the knowledge that her marriage had been hailed as "the welcomest news that ever came to the Portuguese people".
_	This homologous relationship, along with the knowledge that glycosidases often perform hydrolysis catalyzed by two acidic residues, enabled the development of a mechanistic hypothesis.
_	In this way it is even possible to take advantage of the knowledge that locals have about best dates for performances or even to advertise for the ongoing TfD-performance.
_	The driver may then accelerate in the knowledge that the signal ahead has changed to a better aspect, even though it may not yet be visible.
_	Despite bad reviews, low album sales, lack of promotion and interest from their US record company, Hawkwind self-financed this North America tour safe in the knowledge that they could fill halls.
_	His rationale comes from the knowledge that the strict methods of administration and legitimate forms of authority associated with bureaucracy act to eliminate human freedom.
_	The sister, who was to be married to a man both sisters love, becomes an invalid for life, and both serve the sentence, the healthy one tending to the other and wrecked within by the knowledge that she was the cause of their collective misfortune."
_	It prepares the ground for the development of "indigenous habitat knowledge" and maintains that the potentials of any given environment are different from those of others and the knowledge that is acquired in an environment is not capable of addressing the issues of other environments.
_	The song addresses the importance of self-belief and the knowledge that this quality is conducive to avoiding misfortune.
_	Speaking with "Billboard", Elizondo acknowledged that it was "a little disheartening" to be working with the knowledge that Brion's version was available to the public, but applauded Apple's "amazing core of fans" for their efforts to have the album released:
_	For some, the prospect of playing under Bradman was daunting, as was the knowledge that he would additionally be sitting in judgement of their abilities in his role as a selector.
_	Hernández did not live to see the continuation of his work: he died in 1517, the year of his expedition, as the result of the injuries and the extreme thirst suffered during the voyage, and disappointed in the knowledge that Diego Velázquez had given precedence to Grijalva as the captain of the next expedition to Yucatán.
_	The district court was not persuaded by Rivendell's arguments, writing, "Much of the confusion in Rivendell's arguments stems from the fact that when it argues for the existence of a trade secret, it points generally to its software, secure in the knowledge that some part of that software, whether or not appropriated by Georgia-Pacific, contains a trade secret.
_	Nine months later, Clear gives birth to Alexander "Alex" Chance Browning and reunites with Carter, safe in the knowledge that they have finally defeated Death.
_	Mrs Sedley overhears this, and with the knowledge that Grimes has returned, she is able to instigate another mob.
_	A third, Joseph D'Amico, subsequently turned state's evidence with the knowledge that Cantarella could implicate him for murder as well.
_	In his central work ("The Philosophy of Redemption" or "The Philosophy of Salvation") – according to Theodor Lessing, "perhaps the most radical system of pessimism known to philosophical literature" – Mainländer proclaims that life is absolutely worthless, and that "the will, ignited by the knowledge that non-being is better than being, is the supreme principle of morality."
_	With his primary policy being a bill to declare all vigilantes criminals, and despite Daredevil's own recent efforts to create a precedent for superheroes testifying under their secret identities in Washington, he is able to have Daredevil arrested in an FBI sting operation, mocking his old nemesis with the knowledge that the people he protects chose Fisk to 'protect' "them", prompting Daredevil to break a window and leap out of Fisk's office to begin his own efforts to bring down Fisk's empire.
_	The experience – along with the knowledge that in the Ashtons’ native Britain, nearly a quarter of pets are insured – gave them with an idea for a business plan.
_	Anita reveals she's still upset with the knowledge that her real mother gave her up for adoption.
_	Adding to Frank's distress was the knowledge that friends and associates who had invested with him were financially ruined as well.
_	In view of the impending federal election scheduled for 2 December 1972 and the knowledge that the Labor Party's longstanding policy was not to support Imperial Honours, Governor-General Sir Paul Hasluck chose not to forward such recommendations to the Queen, pending the result of the election.
_	Other skills such as identifying the subject of the paragraph, citing references to the knowledge that students had, questioning and answering questions are also improved after the course.
_	She returns to the family estate one last time after Philip is taken in to allow Wakana to initiate the Gaia Impact, imparting her son with the knowledge that Shotaro is a wild card and only family he has left.
_	But more important is the knowledge that was built in the minds of the participants.
_	He felt that in the 1920s political change was around the corner, in particular to the left: "Nevertheless, in spite of all my doubts there are times when I am upon the whole more hopeful of the world ridding itself of its innumerable burdens; when I see signs of more and yet more fires being kindled in the minds of men; smouldering as yet, but soon it may be to blaze up and spread the knowledge that
_	(c) being the lessor or landlord of any premises, or the agent of the lessor or landlord, lets the premises or any part of the premises with the knowledge that the premises are to be used as a place of resort for the commission of indecent acts between males, or that some part of the premises is to be so used, or is wilfully a party to the continued use of the premises or any part thereof as a place of resort for the commission of the indecent acts.
_	Though the horsemen were not directly involved, the knowledge that enemy cavalry were crossing the river helped to unnerve the Austrian defenders.
_	Bond refuses to give in, taunting him with the knowledge that he knows Le Chiffre's clients will track and kill him.
_	However, given the knowledge that "tuna" can also refer a kind of edible prickly pear, the "fish" in "tuna fish" can be seen as non-pleonastic, but rather a disambiguator between the fish and the prickly pear.
_	Along with the knowledge that Muhammad's army was small, and in need of resources, the lack of central authority at Khaybar prevented any unified defensive preparations, and quarrels between different families left the Jews disorganized.
_	The Wildcats enjoyed their relatively rare victory, their 8th in 42 attempts, with the knowledge that it was also marked the 200th all-time program loss suffered by the Cornhuskers.
_	If this pseudocode constituted the body of a function, the compiler could further take advantage of the knowledge that it evaluates to the constant integer codice_13 to eliminate unnecessary calls to the function, producing further performance gains.
_	Ialdabaoth, stretching himself over his upper heaven, had shut out from all below the knowledge that there was anything higher than himself, and having puffed up with pride at the sons whom he had begotten without help from his mother, he cried,
_	Diana Hollingsworth of "Soaplife" included Steve in her feature on wide boys and she said "City slicker Steve married wealthy superbitch Kim Tate in the knowledge that he'd lost a fortune on the stock market.
_	Immediately following last year's election, the allocation of fourteen retiring Alderman was decided, with Labour taking the overwhelming majority, strengthened by their election performance and the knowledge that if repeated it would lead to a landslide victory for them.
_	A young woman is upset by the knowledge that her father is divorcing her mother in order to marry another woman.
_	The Fall Wicher was the knowledge that was received from two Polish officers.
_	PDD-25 was drafted with the knowledge that in the post-Cold War era, new threats to the United States would eventually emerge, and that the United States required a military that would be able to win wars unilaterally.
_	Ince had been linked with the Italian giants for some time, but Hughes's departure came as something of a surprise, despite the arrival of Andy Cole in January and the knowledge that Eric Cantona had signed a new three-year contract with the club three months into his eight-month suspension.
_	Mena’s final years were spent with the knowledge that his political goals had not, in the end, been achieved.
_	At other times, Bayesian rationality is "assumed", and the goal is to infer the knowledge that agents have, and the mental representations that they use.
_	The warmth felt towards older or younger people and the knowledge that many have no access to paid employment means there is often public acceptance that they are deserving of preferential treatment—for example, less expensive movie and bus fares.
_	The soldiers would leave their valuables with him if the soldiers had to go to the battlefield in the knowledge that he would pass them on to their loved ones if killed or missing.
_	An example of this is the "hawthorne effect", whereby those being studied may alter their behaviour in response to the knowledge that they are being watched and studied.
_	Badger, a clerk in the bank, enters and successfully blackmails Bloodgood with the knowledge that Badger has been keeping an account of Bloodgood's dealings.
_	Wu felt obligated to pass on the knowledge that he had gained in France to the younger generations in China in order to promote the idea of a synthesis among Western and traditional Chinese art.
_	M. Keith Booker, academic and author of studies about the implicit messages conveyed by media, views the character of Rourke as being motivated by "capitalist greed" when he pursues "his own financial gain" in spite of the knowledge that "his theft [of the crystal] will lead to the destruction of [Atlantis]".
_	The story ends with Jack now married to Yuri, finally free of his past with the knowledge that Sean has never blamed him for his death.
_	However, Bethe remained convinced that the idea was unlikely to be able to stop a Soviet attack, especially if they designed their systems with the knowledge that such a system existed.
_	He said, "The genius of Iron Cross, it seems to me, has been that it provides a medium through which student leaders who are service-motivated can readily consult with each other, and at times with the university administration, on any University or student problem that concerns them, and then proceed to do something about it, in concert working through their respective organizations, or individually, but always with the knowledge that there are others who understand and are lending active or moral support - the thing that helps give one confidence to go ahead."
_	I do not have the sophistication of the urban civilization nor do I have a clue about the knowledge that the urban people seemed to possess, however, I do want to help the sorority as much as possible which is the idea that I cannot let go” were the words uttered by Tirumalamba who gave this special gift of monthly magazine to the woman kind.
_	Despite Kalyani being rescued by one of the other widows, Shakuntala (Seema Biswas), she eventually commits suicide due to the knowledge that she once served Narayan's father as a prostitute.
_	Following three consecutive electoral defeats (ameliorated somewhat by the knowledge that they almost certainly were the result of various degrees of fraud), Camacho resigned the leadership of the Liberal Party in 1894 to José Manuel Pando.
_	She is shocked by the knowledge that she was stolen from her home and returned to a place she had never been before.
_	Founder-president Dr. Manuel S. Enverga died on June 14, 1981, secure in the knowledge that the university he founded would continue to serve the citizens of Quezon and the rest of Luzon.
_	"Indian Killer" (1996) is a murder mystery set among Native American adults in contemporary Seattle, where the characters struggle with urban life, mental health, and the knowledge that there is a serial killer on the loose.
_	Her family is left to cope with her absence, even as they are threatened to be torn apart by the knowledge that their middle child may have inherited their mother's disease.
_	In his May Day address Gahan declared:"The Premier is a very worried little man these days with the knowledge that 22 of his 30 seats in the House depend on the preferences of splinter groups.
_	With the knowledge that they didn't have the strength to hold the ground they gained, the German force retreated to the east side of the village by early light the next day.
_	Swami Gambhirananda explains that the phrase - "Brahma-jijñāsā", literally means - 'a wish to know Brahman'; and a wish invariably proceeds spontaneously from the knowledge that something is achievable by effort and that when achieved would lead to desirable results.
_	She also struggles with her lowly position at the school, but her resentment at the arrogant public schoolboys is tempered by the knowledge that many of them will die in the upcoming World War I. Timothy Latimer, a young student at the school who has extrasensory perception, discovers the fob watch and bonds with it, seeing visions of the Doctor.
_	Like other tribes, the Gandangara had developed strategies to cope with the superior firepower of musketry, teasing troops to fire at them, in the knowledge that, once fired, some time was required to reload them, during which the aborigines could launch spearing attacks.
_	The companies were accused of importing blood products from the United States without heating them with the knowledge that doing so has serious repercussions and risks.
_	Lennon was then charged with violating s.3 of the CMA for causing an “unauthorised modification” to a computer, with the knowledge that the modification was unauthorised and by doing so he impaired permanently or temporarily the right operation of that computer.
_	According to Sean McMeekin, revulsion among the soldiers at the knowledge that Lenin was in contact with the enemy brought them on the side of the provisional government and ended the coup attempt.
_	With the knowledge that PKU could be detected before symptoms were evident, and treatment initiated, screening was quickly adopted around the world.
_	Cotton remained confident that he could play in the NBA, buoyed by the knowledge that past opponents that he had either outplayed or held his own against had eventually made it in the league.
_	The Giant (Janitor) keeps an eye out for the heroes while the two-headed Turla, a combination of Turk and Carla, lends some magic, but it's the brave knight in shining armor (the storyteller, Dr. Cox) that lends them the knowledge that may save the day.
_	Time is interminable, the loneliness is almost unbearable and the only thing that keeps me going is the knowledge that my dear Helen and I will be reunited again some day.
_	But the knowledge that the enemy pulls back from Moscow, that collapses the myth of the invincibility of the Nazi armies, gave us strength.
_	Beebe compared the knowledge that could be gained of the deep ocean from dredging to what a visitor from Mars could learn about a fog-shrouded earthly city by using a dredge to pick up bits of debris from a street.
