_	A trial would have maintained his lie, the lie that he was not guilty, and would have further subjected me to the very same pattern of abuse that I am currently trying to stop."
_	The version of the story given in the first edition became the lie that Bilbo made up to justify his possession of the Ring to the Dwarves and Gandalf.
_	Hitler spent much of the meeting ranting about how he should have been named Chancellor in August 1932 after his party won the largest number of seats in the "Reichstag" with Papen telling the lie that he had tried to persuade Hindenburg to appoint Hitler Chancellor that August, but had been blocked by Schleicher (the opposite was the case).
_	On June 8, 2006, on the BBC's "Question Time" program, the Respect Party MP George Galloway referred to al-Zarqawi as "a 'Boogeyman', built up by the Americans to try and perpetrate the lie that the resistance in Iraq are by foreigners, and that the mass of the Iraqis are with the American and British occupation".
_	Armey states that Focus on the Family targeted him politically after the incident, writing, "Focus on the Family deliberately perpetuates the lie that I am a consultant to the ACLU."
_	Reinwick stated that at the meeting in Telefé Ciccone had been “deceived with the lie that a foreign company would take care of the printing firm and the state itself ended up stealing the company.
_	At the time, he made the lie that he was the Chiang Kai-shek's personal envoy.
_	General von Reichenau went so far as to publicly give credence to the lie that Schleicher had been plotting to overthrow the government.
_	Eva plots her revenge on Aidan with Adam Barlow (Sam Robertson) after he sees them kiss, continuing the lie that she is pregnant and appoints Maria as head bridesmaid, sending her on numerous errands whilst acting as her best friend.
_	Lorry does not want to leave and tells the lie that she is meeting Tommy and his friend, Dud Miller (Dave Willock), in the club.
_	While Lothair is absent warring, the queen mother Matrosilie orders a servant to carry the children in two baskets and expose them in the forest, and prepares the lie that their mother gave birth to serpents and died from their bites.
_	Afterwards, Borel issued a formal statement to the media, maintaining that Ghomeshi was guilty of sexual assault but that "a trial would have maintained his lie, the lie that he was not guilty, and would have further subjected me to the very same pattern of abuse that I am currently trying to stop".
_	Amycus, after seeing what happened, tries to conspire with Minerva McGonagall who helped him into the room to offer some Ravenclaw students as sacrifices to Voldemort while planning to use the lie that Ravenclaws had ambushed Alecto and forced her to press her Dark Mark.
_	Awaiting judgement, Tirian recognises the farce that Shift has fabricated in league with the talking cat Ginger and the Calormene warlord Rishda Tarkaan: the lie that Aslan and the Calormene god Tash are one and the same.
_	Both Kate and Mark wanted to get back together and Brewer said, "They both have a lot of history, such as the lie that Kate told to protect Rebecca and then Mark does something which really hurts Kate, and this prevents them from moving forward."
_	Sharon berates Chrissie for tricking her into coming back to Walford with the lie that her father is ill.
_	Only Smith was told anything specific, and that was the lie that it was to secure vital intelligence for the American cause.
_	Turbeville exposes the lie that with technique and determination an artist who seeks to create imaginative content resonates ambiguities."
_	The witch promptly whisked him away, sending his mother back to her home burdened with the lie that her son had died shortly after birth.
_	She’s been in and out of bad relationships, and somehow she just got caught up in the lie that she’s alone in all this, she began to give up.
_	His conscience is tortured by the lie that he told the pirates, and the girls attempt to console him ("Oh dry the glist'ning tear").
_	In the beginning, Blake, like his brother, are fighting against the Wind Ninja when Lothor feeds the Bradley brothers the lie that the Wind Ninja's sensei was the one who killed their parents when in reality, Lothor was the one to kill them.
_	In book #22 he pretended to like Sarah because he wanted to get connections but failed since that was the lie that Sarah told everybody at camp.
_	Marx believed that the capitalist bourgeois and their economists were promoting what he saw as the lie that "the interests of the capitalist and of the worker are ... one and the same", therefore he believed that they did this by purporting the concept that "the fastest possible growth of productive capital" was best not only for the wealthy capitalists but also for the workers because it provided them with employment.
_	Flory describes imperialism as "the lie that we're here to uplift our poor black brothers rather than to rob them."
_	Gerry Adams remarked that Sands' victory "exposed the lie that the hunger strikers—and by extension the IRA and the whole republican movement—had no popular support".
_	They had her locked in the tower under the lie that she was "of such rare beauty" she was kidnapped.
_	Flory dismisses these administrators as mere moneymakers, living a lie, "the lie that we're here to uplift our poor black brothers instead of to rob them".
_	Mahadrashta and his men plant false evidence in Raju's home to fabricate the lie that Indraja is a sorceress.
_	Her maid Reibah tries to stop her with the only means she can come up with – the lie that a powerful healer is coming, only for her conscience to trouble her afterwards.
_	Loïc locks him in the basement and tries to tell Chloé to leave with him (with the lie that Guillaume was trying to abandon the both of them), but Chloé, disturbed at his behavior, refuses.
_	The only protection Saria's people had was the lie that the white rhino protected them, until a slave girl escaped and told them of the lie.
_	When they returned home safely, Stephanie teamed up with Thomas together to come up with the lie that he and Brooke had sex on the island, in order to break up her marriage with Ridge.
_	American political philosopher Jodi Dean, while critical of the movements focus on autonomy, leaderlessness and horizontality which she argues was self-destructive, says that "Occupy ruptured the lie that 'what is good for Wall Street is good for Main Street'."
_	However, that's not all as an incident in the brothel puts JB's business at risk as the murky world if high class ends up coming out to play when Club Venus is about to be exposed for the lie that they are, which not only threatens JB's precious business that he worked hard to build but it also threatens to cause turmoil within his family as well as Lindi's family.
_	Spoto likewise describes her as the embodiment of "the postwar ideal of the American girl, soft, transparently needy, worshipful of men, naïve, offering sex without demands", which is echoed in Molly Haskell's statement that "she was the fifties fiction, the lie that a woman had no sexual needs, that she is there to cater to, or enhance, a man's needs."
_	Oscar reveals his deception to Finley, forcing him to maintain the lie that he is a wizard.
_	The Japanese were trying to spread the lie that Chinese Muslims were one race, in order to propagate the claim that they should be separated from China into an "independent political organization".
_	Everyone believes the lie that Inés is Blanca's mother, even though Lorenzo profusely denies sleeping with her.
_	This strategy will marginalize many of the BDS movement's central actors, and expose the lie that BDS is a grassroots protest against Israeli policy.
_	Jack and Diana both make up excuses about what she meant, which are combined into the lie that they are opening a Russian restaurant together that night.
_	Shane is as ecstatic as Gigi is shocked to see Brody, and Gigi finds herself forced to keep up the lie that Brody is Shane's father.
_	The older brothers interpret this as a rejection by their father, and an attempt to live the lie that he has only one son and not four.
_	According to an editorial by conservative commentator, Cinnamon Stillwell of the San Francisco Chronicle, "The one thing the boycott did achieve was to expose the lie that the country cannot function without the labor of illegal immigrants.
_	Tulsi decides to bear the child and she decides to give the child to Mukta and spreads the lie that it is Mukta's child.
_	Most of all, however, Peter Ball found in his fellow bishops in the Church of England the perfect accomplices, prepared to turn a blind eye to his abuse over many decades, to collude in the lie that the abuse of Neil Todd was an uncharacteristic aberration, to cast doubt on his guilt, to smear his victims, and to rehabilitate him.
_	Cristina and Víctor Manuel fall in love and begin to date, but when Luciana discovers their relationship she fires Cristina and tries to convince her son that he should marry Tamara, trapping him with the lie that she is carrying his child when in reality the child is that of Nicolás Obregón, Andrés's friend.
_	the present anti-Japanese agitation, like the anti-Chinese movement of years ago, has the same psychology as the Russian anti-Jewish pogrom, which always starts with the lie that Jews have murdered Christian children to use their blood in the rites of the synagogue.
_	It is the lie that enrages him most, with betrayal being next in his catalog of sins to lash.
_	He used the news media to spread propaganda supporting his views and to broadcast the lie that he declared martial law to prevent aliens from taking control of the Earth.
_	Peddling the lie that orgasm equals consent silences victims of sexual violence.
_	Chief Vitalstatistix is unfazed by the lie that all Gaul has been conquered by the Romans, but his wife Impedimenta urges him to campaign for the truth.
_	After Sonia's death, Yuujel made up the lie that she had had a bastard son—Darres—who was suitable to be Ishtar's suitor.
_	Sundarayyan and others spread the lie that prince Marthanda Varma tried to assassinate Ramanamadathil and is responsible for the night's murders.
_	Due to the lie that Kevin had told Jeff, both Jeff and Jordan hoped to see Russell evicted.
_	Desiring the throne, Thambi, with Sundarayyan, spreads the lie that the rightful heir, Prince Marthanda Varma, planned the attack on Ananthapadmanabhan because of an argument over a prostitute.
_	Joe and Farina return with the lie that they beat Tuffy up and threw him in the lake.
_	Porky displays his black eye and demands to be paid, but Daffy refuses with the lie that the provision was in fact for a stampede of wild elephants and one baby zebra, whereupon a baby zebra follows the elephants through the room.
_	After remembering her connection to Cintra, Ciri - having been using the name "Falka" - initially intended to return to her homeland and claim her birthright, dispelling the lie that the Empire has found a girl they claim is Ciri, who is actually a fake.
_	Susan is shocked to learn that for the last few months, Katherine had been imposing onto Dylan with the lie that she was Mike's wife and that Susan was the one who had stabbed her.
_	Coral goes so far as to interrupt Lotus's wedding night with the lie that she has taken ill.
_	Havel argued that the restoration of a free society could only be achieved through a paradigm based on the individual, "human existence," and a fundamental reconstitution of one's "respect for self, for others and for the universe"; to refuse to give power to empty slogans and meaningless rituals, to refuse to allow the lie to oppress oneself, and to refuse to be part of the lie that oppresses others.
_	"A trial would have maintained his lie, the lie that he was not guilty, and would have further subjected me to the very same pattern of abuse that I am currently trying to stop," Borel added.
_	Orion shows Chuck surveillance of a meeting of Beckman, Sarah and Casey, where Beckman explains that Chuck is too important to national security to allow Orion to remove the Intersect, hence the lie that Orion is connected to Fulcrum.
_	Finalists were chosen based on the lie that they were the most likely to be able to parlay their win into a successful recording contract based on talent.
_	The series follows Dee Warson, a non-binary illustrator, who becomes entangled in the lie that they are in a common law partnership with their roommate, Rachel Mannt.
_	Meanwhile, as the Count of Santa Barbara spreads the lie that Angela left him heartbroken for another man, a mysterious merchant steps forward to defend her honour and halt the gossip spreading through the salons of Lisbon's high society.
_	Uhtred hopes to escape the assassins of Kjartan by sending out the lie that he too died in the hall-burning.
_	In its 14 November 1988 "Declaration of Independence", the Palestinian National Council accused "local and international forces" of "attempts to propagate the lie that 'Palestine is a land without a people.'"
