_	In an earlier hearing, he alleged that Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin had appointed him as the "Mazoon" and gave a sermon, at that time he said 'I was a beloved son', and this carried the meaning that he was his successor.
_	Yet adherents of magic are still able to use and to value the magical function of words by believing in the inherent power of the words themselves and in the meaning that they must provide for those who do understand them.
_	However, Christopher and Hickinbottom (2008) argue that the VIA Classification of Strengths is an oversimplification of cultures, and that while the values might be similar across cultures, the meaning that Peterson and Seligman ascribed to them are Western-orientated and might not translate well into more collectivist cultures.
_	This focuses on the meaning that is made of the experience from an individual perspective.
_	Employing the particular form of the perturbation given by the delta function has the meaning that formula_68 is varied only in the point formula_62.
_	John Teti of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode an A, writing, "There is no brilliant meaning at the heart of 'Dumb Starbucks' except for the meaning that bystanders bring to it.
_	English adopted the French very soon afterwards, but it wasn't until the late 19th century that "algorithm" took on the meaning that it has in modern English.
_	As vB had expressly declared in word and writing, his main purpose was the use of the words "blessing into", wherefore it had the meaning that the priest made bread and wine into (sacramental) flesh and blood.
_	It involved him directing a Christmas play with his uncooperative companions, and eventually, Linus told him the meaning that he had always wanted to know.
_	Motivation can be impacted by the meaning that an innovation holds; innovations can have symbolic value that encourage (or discourage) adoption.
_	Gates states, "’Signification,’ in Standard English, denotes the meaning that a term conveys, or is intended to convey."
_	The Turkish Foreign Ministry reacted by issuing the statement: "With the meaning that it carries, the Turkish flag symbolizes freedom and all the fundamental values and beliefs of the Turkish nation.
_	By creating new meanings for the objects on display, in attempts to externally preserve a culture, anthropologists and collectors diminished the meaning that items held for the people who had created them.
_	This name is taken from the story of Old Laizi and it carries the meaning that children should try to make their parents laugh by any means possible.
_	The story, "With Your Wings", relates the homecoming of a decorated pilot, later revealed to be black, and his realization of the meaning that his achievement has for his family and community.
_	This was the meaning ascribed to the Greek Seven Sages of 7th and 6th century BC (like Solon and Thales), and it was the meaning that appeared in the histories of Herodotus.
_	Although this suffix isn’t explicitly stated as a perfective viewpoint marker, the meaning that it contributes is very similar to the perfective viewpoint.
_	use of their good taste and judgment to warn me against the use of hard words, as well as to tell me whether my sentences could be readily understood, and whether they conveyed the meaning that I wished them to bear."
_	Moreover, the recurrence of states, in the meaning that states are again arbitrarily close after some time of divergence, is a fundamental property of deterministic dynamical systems and is typical for nonlinear or chaotic systems (cf. Poincaré recurrence theorem).
_	Semantics is basically about concepts, the meaning that thinking beings give to various elements of their experience.
_	His high stature, the dignity of his bearing, the distinction of his gesture commanded general attention... a gentleman with all the meaning that this word implies...
_	It is important to study the object not necessarily for the sake of categorization or understanding the way that it is played or how it works but the meaning that it holds for the musician and the audience.
_	It is generally said that the "mata" (又) of "nekomata" comes from how they have two tails, but from the view of folkloristics, this is seen as questionable, and since they transform as they grow older, the theory that it is the "mata" meaning "repetition", or as previously stated, since they were once thought to be a beast in the mountains, there is the theory that it comes from "mata" (爰) meaning monkeys, with the meaning that they are like monkeys that can freely come and go between trees in the mountains at will.
_	According to him, this carried the meaning that he was the successor.
_	On the other hand, the meaning that best fits the "Analytics" is one derived from the study of Geometry and this meaning is very close to what Aristotle calls έπιστήμη "episteme", knowing the reasoned facts.
_	There is no absolute meaning to the work, only the meaning that each spectator considers appropriate.
_	Design thus is intimatelly involved with the meaning that stakeholders attribute to artifacts.
_	Proof or evidence is the meaning that Wehr's dictionary give to this word.
_	The "semantic pivot" of an idiom is, roughly speaking, the part of the meaning that defines what sort of referent the idiom has (person, place, thing, event, etc.) and is shown in the examples in bold.
_	However, he was booked during the meaning that he would miss the following league match against Bylis Ballsh at home.
_	Kristensen clarifies this supposition by defining the meaning that his phenomenology is seeking as “the meaning that the religious phenomena have for the believers themselves”.
_	The title of the album, "Home", was originally suggested to be titled "Home Made" or "Home Ground", because the group wanted the album to have the meaning that it was made by hand.
_	She is determined to finish the play, and the ending now takes on the meaning that she will end her own life as she believed Jeremy had done.
_	“Cunjin” (寸金), this word contains the meaning that an inch land of Chinese national territory is worth an inch of gold and we Chinese do not allow any foreign encroachment on our territory.
_	Ontetic has three constituents which must be considered althgeter as the meaning that this word indicates.
_	The origin of the mountain name is the meaning that the stone rolls.
_	The various accounts on the beginnings of July Morning vary widely, mostly depending on the meaning that the teller puts into the tradition.
_	The phrase "Que viva España" would have translated to "Long Live Spain", and is probably the meaning that the (non-Spanish-speaking) authors were aiming for.
_	These subdivisions (in the historical Indian context, "castes"), and the terms used to describe them, are relatively recent developments specific to Indian Zoroastrians and although the words themselves are old, the meaning that they came to have for the Parsis are influenced by their centuries-long coexistence with Hinduism.
_	In 1973 Tyler Burge proposed a metalinguistic descriptivist theory of proper names which holds that names have the meaning that corresponds to the description of the individual entities to whom the name is applied.
_	They were also to suggest the meaning that they thought their entire church emphasized.
_	These oceans are representative of the meaning that Absolute Truth is also sweet and wonderful – it suggests that humans not only live on Earth with a salt water ocean only, but also that there are other oceans like the sweet water ocean among these 7 oceans that humans may aspire to live in.
_	If in this expression a different classifier, "-ts'it" (for counting long, slender objects) is substituted for "-tek", this conveys the meaning that only sticks or branches of the tree are being counted:
_	This was a period of crisis for the "pink film" industry largely caused by the advent of adult videos in Japan and Hashimoto was known as "the last pink actress" (), with the meaning that she was likely to be the last successful actress in the genre.
_	With the onset of aggregation in regional areas, and now digital television, the callsigns do not retain the meaning that they did in the past.
_	The form of linguistic expression often does not correspond to the meaning that it actually has in a social context.
_	Special consideration is to be given to application for authorization of biological products and biotechnology products, homeopathic products, herbal drugs, radionuclide generators, kits, radionuclide precursor radiopharmaceuticals and industrially prepared radiopharmaceuticals; in such instances, requirements are specific, in the meaning that they are special, more or less detailed, as per the nature of active ingredient.
_	The term universal is used here with the meaning that the goal of the framework is to enable users to create web views in JavaScript utilizing familiar Vue.js single file component system, that can function both as in-browser single page application (SPA) views, as well as server-rendered web views which are then (after server rendering) "rehydrated" to full SPA functionality.
_	In her essay "Visualizing Safe Sex: When Pedagogy and Pornography Collide", Patton reached the conclusion that critics have devoted too little space to discovering the meaning that viewers attach to specific acts such as cum shots.
_	Other attempts to define placebos and placebo effects therefore shift focus away from these distinctions and onto therapeutic effects that are caused or modulated by the context in which a treatment is delivered and the meaning that different aspects of treatments have for patients.
_	Chained comparison expressions such as codice_97 have roughly the meaning that they have in mathematics, rather than the unusual meaning found in C and similar languages.
_	Nowadays the street has lost lots of the meaning that it used to have and of its sinful atmosphere.
_	Instead, they state that a text written in simple terms can only have the meaning that the author intended, rather than finding that even the most straightforward text can have multiple interpretations.
_	The meaning of the word "trust" is critical, as it does not carry the meaning that might be expected in everyday usage.
_	He argued that, rather than looking at the eighteenth century for evidence of a "military revolution" which prefigured modern war, historians should examine the meaning that armies and warfare actually had for those living at the time.
_	The message was not formally released in translation until 1939; after its release, it was used in testimony to the Permanent Mandates Commission by Malcolm MacDonald then Secretary of State for the Colonies in order to controversially reinterpret the meaning that had been given to the Mandate terms at prior meetings.
_	Sometimes referring to God and sometimes the mighty when used to refer to the God of Israel, El is almost always qualified by additional words that further define the meaning that distinguishes him from false gods.
_	Instead, they centered their imperial enterprise on the meaning that they read into their "New World": "America" as the new promised land—which is to say, the promised land of the new modern world.
_	Abdel-Haleem thus concludes that the meaning that fits the jizya verse is thus 'those who do not follow the way of justice ("al-ḥaqq")',
_	When he won the prize, the editors of the "Post" wrote in an editorial: "Broadly speaking, good newspaper reporters tend to fall into one of three categories – those whose primary value lies in their ability to uncover important news; those whose value lies primarily in their skill in writing the news, and finally those who have a special aptitude for interpreting the news, that is, for discerning and clarifying the meaning that underlies the superficial facts.
_	The phrase "Does Horne's tell Kaufmann's its business?" was used in Western Pennsylvania to put-off to inquiring people, with the meaning that a company does not give proprietary information out to its competitors.
_	This song, along with "Sonny Bill 04", "Jonah 95," and others, implies the meaning that PNC is at the top of his game.
_	Lewis asserts that by this logic, the statement "I have reason to believe naturalism is valid" is self-referentially incoherent in the same manner as the sentence "One of the words of this sentence does not have the meaning that it appears to have", or the statement "I never tell the truth".
_	Just under this panel, in a strategic position due to the meaning that the figure of Sant Jordi represented, we encounter a sculpted face that results familiar.
_	In response, the circuit court cited Phillips v. AWH Corp.: "the ordinary and customary meaning of a claim term is the meaning that the term would have to a person of ordinary skill in the art".
_	He suggested that the meaning that any individual ascribed to a sentence could only be determined by attributing meanings to many, perhaps all, of the individual's assertions, as well as their mental states and attitudes.
_	The question of the trustworthiness of the Jewish oath was intimately connected with the meaning that Christian authorities assigned to the "Kol Nidre" prayer, recited by Jews on Yom Kippur, and the whole of the legislation regarding the oath was characteristic of the attitude of medieval states toward their Jewish subjects.
_	In 1662 the Rubric was restored but the words were changed to "corporal" to exclude the meaning that Christ was present physically in flesh and blood.
_	The Hebrew word "sefirot" was first described in Sefer Yezirah as corresponding to the ten basic numbers, and did not possess the meaning that later Kabbalists gave to it.
_	From this linguistic legacy of fused cultures, in 1 Corinthians, Paul the Apostle introduced the meaning that the Holy Spirit bestowed "charism" and "charismata", "the gift of God's grace", upon individuals or groups.
_	In the context of a political campaign’s page, the meaning that the user approves of the candidacy whose page is being liked is unmistakable.
_	He gravitated around the Bright Young Things group, in the meaning that this crowd attended the venues managed by Fothergill.
_	every one of those incidences occurred and it occurred with the meaning that was shown" in the film.
_	This is the meaning that the roles of and relationships among participants give to the understanding of the text.
_	Ultimately, then, it is the person experiencing the artwork who must distinguish and appreciate these common qualities, for “the intelligibility of a work of art depends upon the presence to the meaning that renders individuality of parts and their relationship in the whole directly present to the eye and ear trained in perception.
_	The Arabic language is a wide language in which one word can have 15 different meanings, so the Ash'aris endeavor to find the meaning that best befits God and is not contradicted by the Quran.
_	None of these provide the meaning that he is looking for, and eventually he attends a meeting of the Salvation Army.
_	Hosting providers can manage a user's own domain name, including any email authentication scheme that the domain owner wishes to enforce in order to convey the meaning that using a specific "domain name" identifies and qualifies email senders.
_	Dummett believes a speaker must know three components of a sentence to understand its meaning: a theory of sense, indicating the part of the meaning that the speaker grasps; a theory of reference, which indicates what claims about the world are made by the sentence, and a theory of force, which indicates what kind of speech act the expression performs.
_	In other words, our sensory experience is largely determined by the meaning that we assign to stimuli.
_	I can tell from the rhythms, or lack of rhythms, from the disjunctures and the end stoppages, what they're avoiding saying-- the meaning that they would like to not be stating there, comes rushing through to me.
_	As in other languages, the possible suffixes that can be added to a given root, and the meaning that results, are not entirely predictable, while the process of inflection is largely predictable in both form and meaning.
_	The stretch within municipal limits, which is still used today, is known to the local inhabitants simply as the "Strohs", a dialectal form of the German word "Straße" (“street” or “road”), thereby giving it the meaning that it actually bore fifteen centuries ago when it was the only road that linked the inhabitants to neighbouring centres and the main roads.
_	These stories are often characterised as the Dreaming and, as with Spirituality, the English words are not equivalent to the meaning that exists in Aboriginal languages for the basis of the philosophy, and for the Spirituality that is encompassed within it.
_	It is not clear by what she meant, but her husband took the meaning that she refrained him from touching all women ("us") by the name of the god Nilakanta.
_	The 2007 report by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission was unable to identify the meaning that Enron had attached to the term "Donkey Punch."
_	It also underlies the Brazilian proverb "Macaco velho não mete a mão em cumbuca" (An old monkey will not stick his hand into a jar), with the meaning that an experienced hand cannot be bamboozled.
_	The name of the village means ""Place of the Walrus"" in Chukchi, or ""Walrus Jam"", to convey the meaning that there are regularly large numbers of Walrus in the vicinity.
_	S. Ilan Troen and Jacob Lassner call Said's omission of the indefinite article 'a,' a "distortion" of the meaning and suggest that it was done "perhaps malevolently" for the purpose of making the phrase acquire the meaning that Said and others impute to it, that Zionists thought that the land was or wanted to make it into a land "without people".
_	However, the term is now so closely associated with the scientific field that many dictionaries include the meaning that equates the word "forensics" with "forensic science".
_	Mrs. Malaprop frequently misspeaks (to comic effect) by using words which don't have the meaning that she intends but which sound similar to words that do.
_	Having to do some research on the historic events, they decided they liked the meaning that the subject added to the song, and decided to give the whole album a war history theme.
_	Even their name "Nogizaka46" also carries the meaning that "even with fewer members than AKB48, we won’t lose".
_	Its name "Cunjin" contains the meaning that an inch land of Chinese national territory is worth an inch of gold and we Chinese do not allow any foreign encroachment on our territory.
_	According to "A glossary of literary terms" by Abrams and Hartman,Verbal irony is a statement in which the meaning that a speaker employs is sharply different from the meaning that is ostensibly expressed.
_	Much of the meaning that was interpreted from the article, even within the government, was not the true meaning that Kennan intended.
_	In her essay "Speaking Out: Teaching In", Patton reached the conclusion that critics have devoted too little space to discovering the meaning that viewers attach to specific acts such as cum shots.
_	Filmmakers such as Hulleah J. Tsinhnahjinnie, Shelley Niro, and Sherman Alexie have incorporated the stereotypical images of Native Americans into their films and worked to reshape the meaning that has often been historically ascribed to them in cinema.
_	To convey the meaning that both the “notings” and the correspondence are available to the citizens, the record in the emblem is depicted as open.
_	Moreover, the meaning that is not found in the ordinary language but is in a poet’s language is to be found in its words.
_	Emotional branding is quite complex, in that a person can interpret a brand image through attentive processing, but once their emotions are provoked, the meaning that they take from the brand image can be implicitly processed, or in other words, subconsciously created.
_	Removed from presumptions about the nature of the identities and interests of the actors in the system, and the meaning that social institutions (including anarchy) have for such actors, Wendt argues neorealism's "structure" reveals very little: "it does not predict whether two states will be friends or foes, will recognize each other's sovereignty, will have dynastic ties, will be revisionist or status quo powers, and so on".
_	This is the meaning that is trying to be expressed in (38a)–(38c), these forms are not able to properly capture this meaning.
_	Early concept theorists such Eleanor Rosch have noted that the context in which a concept is elicited plays a fundamental role in the meaning that it takes in natural reasoning tasks such as learning or planning.
_	Here, proposition is defined as the meaning that underlies the relationship between concepts (Sternberg, 2003).
_	When interpreting the Tanakh, Karaites strive to adhere to the plain or most obvious meaning ("peshat") of the text; this is not necessarily the literal meaning, but rather the meaning that would have been naturally understood by the ancient Israelites when the books of the Tanakh were first written.
_	The engineers therefore christened the restarted project "H2S" and later, when Cherwell inquired as to what H2S stood for, no one dared tell Cherwell that it was named after his phrase—instead they pretended, on the spot, that it meant "Home Sweet Home"—which was the meaning that Cherwell related to others (including R.V. Jones).
_	See the examples below featuring the idiom "The cat is out of the bag", which has the meaning that facts that were previously hidden are now revealed.
_	In ""Before the Queen Falls Asleep"" ("قَبْلَ أنْ تَنامَ المَلِكَة",) according to Al Ghad newspaper, ""Habayeb draws thorny and suspenseful pages that are preoccupied with pain and stumble over the concept of loss for a woman who's attempting to question love, approach life within the minimum level of personal and general defeat, clarify the meaning that is devoid of metaphor of existence, and beg the homeland; as a charming idea through telling her story to her daughter.
_	The movie is based on a comedy love story as the title indicates to the meaning that Pilata=
_	In the discipline of experimental neuroscience, a top-down influence has the meaning that signals originating in higher neural centers, repository of memory traces, innate patterns and decision operations, travel down to lower neuronal circuits where they cause a shift of the excitation balance in the deviated direction.
_	with the meaning that the algebra of operators formula_15 can be replaced with the algebra of function formula_16 in ordinary commuting variables formula_17 (hats off) and the product needs to be replaced with the non-commutative star-product.
_	Rather than focusing on the social values inherent in the languages the speaker chooses ("brought-along meaning"), the analysis concentrates on the meaning that the act of code-switching itself creates ("brought-about meaning").
_	"Jism" also means semen or sperm, the meaning that predominates today, making "jism" a taboo word.
_	A German cannot use the word "fatherland" or the phrase "blood and soil" without (possibly unintentionally) also echoing (or, Bakhtin would say "refracting") the meaning that those terms took on under Nazism.
_	The possessor DP gets its theta-role from the head D, and that gives rise to the meaning that the possessor is related to the possessee.
_	This is the meaning that the word was then given in the Middle Ages.
_	Kristensen clarifies this supposition by defining the meaning that his phenomenology is seeking as “the meaning that the religious phenomena have for the believers themselves”.
_	The novel's success has resulted in permanent additions to the English lexicon; within the text of "Tristram Shandy" Sterne describes the novel as "Shandean," coining a term which still carries the meaning that Sterne originally attached to it when he wrote, "I write a careless kind of a civil, nonsensical, good humoured "Shandean" book..."
_	This is the meaning that the language, written or spoken, gives to the understanding of the text.
_	This is the meaning that the social actions and the engagements of the participants are giving to the understanding of the text.
_	This constrains the meaning that the verb in that sentence can have.
_	Critics largely analyzed the film not as focusing on death as such, but as an affirming and uplifting look at the meaning that friends and family bring to life.
_	English adopted the French term, but it wasn't until the late 19th century that "algorithm" took on the meaning that it has in modern English.
_	What is important is that they discuss the meaning that they make from the text which will form the basis of the discussion.
_	Bliss found especially useful their "triangle of reference": the physical thing or "referent" that we perceive would be represented at the right angle; the meaning that we know by experience (our implicit definition of the thing), at the top angle; and the physical word that we speak or write, at the left angle.
_	The biological concept of fitness refers to reproductive success, as opposed to survival, and is not explicit in the specific ways in which organisms can be more "fit" (increase reproductive success) as having phenotypic characteristics that enhance survival and reproduction (which was the meaning that Spencer had in mind).
_	Titled "With Your Wings" (sometimes appearing as "Flyer Come Home with Your Wings") it relates the homecoming of a decorated pilot, later revealed to be black, and his realization of the meaning that his achievement has for his family and community.
