_	Wallsion publicized his dissent and responded to critics in a number of articles and op-ed pieces, and New York Times Columnist Joe Nocera accuses him of "almost single-handedly" creating "the myth that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac caused the financial crisis".
_	His difficulty in properly assessing the Founders made him want to write a book that both acknowledged their achievements and punctured the myth that they were "demigods".
_	By failing to give due credence to the impact and influence of the CIA's mission of regime change in Iraq on its analysis of Iraqi WMDs, Mr. Pillar continues to promulgate the myth that the CIA was honestly engaged in the business of trying to disarm Iraq".
_	Maurice Finocchiaro writes that the Galileo affair epitomizes the common view of "the conflict between enlightened science and obscurantist religion," and that this view promotes "the myth that alleges the incompatibility between science and religion."
_	Internationally, the geopolitical rivalry between communists—Chinese Stalinism and Russian peaceful coexistence—eliminated the myth that monolithic Communism was an actor in the 1947–1950 period of the Vietnam War and in world politics—such "Realpolitik" established the tri-polar geopolitics of the latter part of the Cold War.
_	Wette demonstrates that this level of command not only knew about and approved of mass murder but, after the war, successfully created the myth that the Wehrmacht had played no role in the crimes committed during the war.
_	She believes that the myth that serial killers are always white might have become "truth" in some research fields due to the over-reporting of white serial killers in the media.
_	It covered portions of 10 counties, which apparently helped perpetuate the myth that the brand -XIT- stands for "Ten In Texas."
_	It's ridiculous to preserve the myth that it's all done by "one" man."
_	Diane Kunz, summarizing the historiography on the subject, writes that historians have refuted the myth that reparations placed an intolerable burden on Germany.
_	She wrote an article for "Good Housekeeping" in 1924 to dispel the myth that suffrage had failed.
_	Hart destroys the myth that Montgomery was unnecessarily cautious.
_	M.L. Dhawan from "The Tribune", while documenting the famous Hindi films of 1988, argued: "With "Khoon Bhari Maang", Rakesh Roshan destroyed the myth that it was essential to have a hero as the protagonist and that heroines were there just to serve as interludes and mannenquins."
_	While Israel in the 1980s was under much criticism from myths about the state's founding, the reception of this idea was mitigated and "this version of Latrun that was destined to blow up the myth that the regathering was solely in the hands of a group of radicals in the middle of the [Israeli] intellectual community".
_	David Harland, the former head of UN Civil Affairs in Bosnia, claimed at the trial of General Dragomir Milošević in ICTY, that he was responsible for the creation of the myth that UNPROFOR was unable to determine who had fired the mortar shells that caused the second Markale massacre.
_	They used the dorodango technique to create dung spheres in order to bust the myth that one "can't polish a turd".
_	In an expansion of the myth that flies are repelled by water, the Build Team tested various "at home" methods for repelling various types of animals:
_	Since being divorced was a status frowned upon in Edwardian England, Knocker invented the myth that her husband had died in Java, leaving her a widow.
_	Although some believed the myth that Queen Victoria (known in Ireland in later decades as the "Famine Queen") had only donated a miserly £5 to famine relief, in fact the sum was £2,000, the equivalent of £61,000 today, from her personal resources.
_	Bill Janovitz, writing for Allmusic, wrote that the song "deflates the myth that there is glory in a life on the road, the darker reality of Kerouac's romanticizing, but it does so without being didactic or even very serious."
_	The village derives its name from the myth that the head of an ancient princess is buried beneath the village, "Ceann" being Irish for head and "Eitigh" being the name of the princess.
_	He dethrones his predecessor with a trick that allows him to survive what appears to be a fusillade of bullets, creating the myth that he can only be slain by a silver one.
_	With the passage of time, due to the influence of vampire stories in Eastern Europe, this led to the myth that witches incorporated the aspect of drinking blood, thus making them witch-vampire, typically tales were created that these witches sucked the blood of newborns as they slept in their cribs.
_	If a company with Cessna's economy of scale and marketing acumen can't make an LSA more affordable by building it in China, the notion of low-cost aircraft may very well be the myth that many people think it is."
_	Ira Gitler, who was present at the session and wrote the sleevenotes for the album, dispels the myth that the two men confronted each other physically, but there was argument throughout the session.
_	Many clay pieces of these pipes have been found by archaeologists, giving rise to the myth that the long stems of the clay churchwarden pipes would, for sanitation purposes, be broken off by the next client of the tavern or saloon who wished to smoke.
_	In February 2010 Malkoff made headlines again with a video in which to disprove the myth that New Yorkers are rude he was physically carried 9.4 miles in Manhattan by 155 individuals.
_	Her face is formed by two facing serpents (after her head was cut off and the blood spurt forth from her neck in the form of two gigantic serpents), referring to the myth that she was sacrificed during the beginning of the present creation.
_	The book discusses the myths surrounding early childhood development, in particular, the myth that "the first three years of a baby's life determine whether or not the child will grow into a successful, thinking person."
_	Alternatively, Henry might have showed his son off at a banquet in the recently refurbished manor of Newhall, Essex; this would accommodate the myth that Henry had been revamping it for the use of one of his mistresses.
_	According to Kriti Tulsiani of IBNLive, the characters "provide a perfect exception to the myth that one cannot find a best friend in their sibling particularly when they are of opposite sex ... they have broken all the conventional boundaries of a brother-sister relationship."
_	The art historian Hendrik Frederik Wijnman disproved the myth that Ruisdael died a poor man, supposedly in the old men's almshouse in Haarlem.
_	Speaking about the experience afterwards, she said that she knew her appearance on the programme would be a "political gamble", but that she wanted to "take on the myth that every politician [is] old, white, male, pale and stale" and would return home "with my head held high".
_	Lanfranc was trained in the liberal arts, at that time a field in which northern Italy was famous (there is little or no evidence to support the myth that his education included much in the way of Civil Law, and none that links him with Irnerius of Bologna as a pioneer in the renaissance of its study).
_	Certain intersex rights advocates argue that this may dispel the myth that intersex people are "hybrid degenerated" to be sex criminals, creating more understanding for intersex people.
_	Members of the Geatish Society would occasionally wear horned helmets, which is the source of the myth that Vikings would have worn such helmets.
_	This has been attributed to the myth that the dragon and the large serpents were like a swarm in the amphitheater.
_	The reporting does away with the myth that regional newspapers are not interested in subjects involving national issues".
_	Despite broadcasts on TV from local supremacist groups such as the North Alabama White Citizens Council warning that rock and roll "brings the races together," Little Richard's popularity was helping to shatter the myth that black performers could not successfully perform at "white-only venues," especially in the South where racism was most overt.
_	Carrión’s endorsement is significant because it dispelled the myth that politicians with a large percentage of constituents who commute into Manhattan would be intrinsically against the measure.
_	When Ataru grabs Lum's horns during their contest and she misunderstands his statement that he can get married, it is a reference to the myth that grabbing the horns of an Oni will make your dream come true.
_	The series of engagements that are rumored to have given rise to the song were due (at least partly) to the myth that the division lost its unit colors.
_	The same elements from the myth that appear in the "Pyramid Texts" recur in funerary texts written in later times, such as the "Coffin Texts" from the Middle Kingdom (c. 2055–1650 BCE) and the "Book of the Dead" from the New Kingdom (c. 1550–1070 BCE).
_	When reading Liszt's work, scholars interpreted the word "national" as "folk," creating the "longest standing myth in Chopin criticism—the myth that Chopin's mazurkas are national works rooted in an authentic Polish-folk music tradition."
_	Recent reports suggest that certain clans have been coaxed into encouraging tourism by perpetuating the myth that cannibalism is still an active practice.
_	However, as a result of this examination she was misreported as being 4 feet 2 inches (1.27m) leading to the myth that she was extremely small.
_	A few writers persist in the myth that most African Americans have Native American heritage.
_	An episode of the Discovery Channel TV show "MythBusters" used one these hangars to disprove the myth that it is not possible to fold a sheet of paper in half more than seven times.
_	Vogel concludes that the high focus on false allegations could contribute to the myth that rapes are rare and false reports are common, when the facts don't back up those perceptions.
_	The name comes from the myth that the gods Kāne and Kanaloa threw a stone to determine the boundaries, but it was lost and later found at Pili o Kahe.
_	For example, Fabre corrected the myth that a dung beetle would seek aid from other dung beetles when confronted by obstacles.
_	In April 1919, the NAACP published a report which disproved the myth that stated most lynchings were based on African American attacks on white women: less than one sixth of the 2500 African Americans lynched from 1889 to 1918 had even been accused of rape.
_	This is also known as the myth that birthed two memorable MythBusters one-liners - Jamie's "Jamie wants big boom" and Adam's "Am I missing an eyebrow?"
_	Later, the foremost prizefighting reporter, Pierce Egan, stated that he was aware that some "friends of the CHAMPION" had encouraged the myth that Cribb enjoyed an unbeaten career by "withholding the name of his vanquisher" ("Boxiana", vol.
_	This is one of the features of Janus as shown by the myth that associates him with Carna, Cardea, Crane.
_	"Sebastianism", the myth that the young king will return to Portugal on a foggy day, has prevailed until modern times.
_	Spakovsky, the director of the Heritage Foundation's Election Law Reform Initiative, is said to have promoted "the myth that Democratic voter fraud is common, and that it helps Democrats win elections".
_	Father Stanisław Musiał, who had been a leading figure in advocating a Catholic-Jewish dialogue and Polish-Jewish reconciliation, wrote that Gross' book had shattered the myth that Poles were solely victims who "themselves never wronged anyone."
_	An episode of the Discovery Channel TV show "MythBusters" used one of the hangars to disprove the myth that it is not possible to fold a sheet of paper in half more than seven times.
_	These have included: testing the "Red Flag to a Bull" myth; testing the myth that a human's tongue will instantly stick to a frozen pole, in the "Snow Special" episode; and the myth "can you stay underwater for an hour while breathing through a dart tube?", in the "Ninja Movie Myths 2" episode.
_	Chamberlain likened his assist title to legendary home run hitter "Babe Ruth leading the league in sacrifice bunts", and he dispelled the myth that he could not and would not pass the ball.
_	Nationalism became the basis for all of Hoxha's policies as the war created a "state of siege nationalism" imbued with the myth that Albanian military prowess defeated Axis forces which became a centrepiece of the regime within the context of education and culture.
_	Since the name ""Pegasus"" fails to refer, no truth value can be assigned to the sentence; there is nothing in the myth that would justify any such assignment.
_	As a sly jest based on the myth that Native Americans are the 13th tribe of Israel, many of the Hekawi Indians were played by veteran Yiddish comedians using classic Yiddish shtick.
_	Likewise, the Caribs were given prominence and the myth that they were cannibals was used to create a dichotomy.
_	Because of her early travels to Eastern Europe, beginning in Poland in 1989 and Ukraine in 1990, and the time she spent in working in the archives there, Weiner was able to debunk the myth that existed at that time, an assumption that all Jewish documents were destroyed during the Holocaust.
_	Jamieson's 2003 publication, describing the first 1,500 cases of PTE, confirmed the benefits of surgery and dismissed the myth that poor right ventricular function disqualified a patient as fit for surgery.
_	The practice of chhaupadi originates from the superstition that menstruation causes women to be temporarily impure, based on the myth that Indra created menstruation as a means to distribute a curse.
_	Pfeffer later pleaded "partly guilty" to inadvertently perpetuating the myth that "secular humanism" is a religion.
_	Planned to be a last book on Robin Hood, this study delves in scholarly and wide-ranging fashion into aspects of the myth that have not been able to be handled in sufficient detail in other, more general, studies.
_	Another theme in the book is the inversion of the myth that God sent his son Christ to die for the sins of humanity.
_	Jamie Koven of USA also took to sculling after rowing in the US eight under Spracklen and in 1997 he also became world champion to destroy the myth that rowers cannot scull.
_	"Humans have created the myth that sexuality can be justified only by reproduction, which by definition limits it to hetero sex," says Michael Bronski, author of The Pleasure Principle: Culture, Backlash, and the Struggle for Gay Freedom.
_	Unfortunately the myth that Neel Doff was nominated persists in various publications.
_	Furthering the myth that "Trailer Park Boys" is nonfiction, many of the actors (particularly Robb Wells, John Paul Tremblay, Mike Smith, John Dunsworth and Patrick Roach) often make public appearances in character.
_	In some parts of Africa, the myth that sex with a virgin can cure HIV/AIDS continues to prevail, leading to girls and women being raped.
_	Badgett's research has debunked the myth that gay and lesbian Americans are more affluent than straight people.
_	According to the "National Post", Nigerian government officials say that the original Shekau is long dead, but impostors keep popping up to perpetuate the myth that Shekau is unbeatable.
_	Further, Rocker seeks to dispel the myth that radicalism in the United States was merely a foreign import, pointing to the fact that most of the thinkers covered by the book were undoubtedly American by descent and born in the New England states.
_	Contrary to the myth that the Central Pacific's Chinese laborers were specifically excluded from the festivities, A.J. Russell stereoview No. 539 shows the "Chinese at Laying Last Rail UPRR".
_	We do not believe that it is appropriate for a patient to receive the Service Charge information advised by OFCOM when they contact their surgery as this will only seek to alarm them, and perpetuate the myth that all calls (to 084 numbers) are more costly."
_	Price argues that the philosophical "...canon remains dominated by white males—the discipline that some say still hews to the myth that genius is tied to gender."
_	The killing of Siegfried by Hagen with a stab in the back gave inspiration for the myth that the German Army did not lose World War I, but was instead defeated by a treasonous "stab in the back" from civilians, in particular Jews and Socialists.
_	Video from this interview has been used by anti-Semitic groups to perpetuate the myth that Judaism countenances such practices.
_	Although Cook failed to see Antarctica, he dispelled once and for all the myth that a fertile, populous continent surrounded the South Pole.
_	In an interview with the American radio station KCRW, Bush said that the idea for the album's title song came from thinking about the myth that Eskimos have 50 words for snow, which led her to make up increasingly fantastical words herself, such as "spangladasha", "anechoic", "blown from Polar fur", and "Robber's Veil".
_	That both died on the same day sparked the myth that they had fought against each other in a duel.
_	Stead recalls that she was not sensitive to the taste, and that since the only other student in her class that was not sensitive was also a boy she had a crush on, she used the myth that said the test determines soul mates in "Liar & Spy".
_	The novel presents the reality of the relations between the countries that within the structure of the USSR were seen by the West only in the context of the myth of the «friendships of nations», the myth that Putin’s Russia would still like to perpetuate.
_	The fact that Bell's filing fee was recorded earlier than Gray's led to the myth that Bell had arrived at the Patent Office earlier.
_	Often perpetuated by local newsmen, is the myth that Belleville was almost once the County seat.
_	Confused reporting about these issues led to the myth that the use or importation of chewing gum is itself punishable with caning.
_	An episode of the Discovery Channel TV show "MythBusters" used one these smaller hangars to disprove the myth that it is not possible to fold a sheet of paper in half more than seven times.
_	He continues to talk about the typical Mexican father and the myth that Mexicans are lazy.
_	Poles who clung to the myth that their countrymen had never collaborated with the Germans.
_	A central concept in their cosmologies is the myth that the world was created from an egg.
_	Focusing on the New England, he often highlighted the Native American presence in these areas to counteract the myth that they had disappeared from the northeast of the United States.
_	The repeated statement spoken by Martínez established the iconic status of La Perla, and installed the myth that Nebbia stole the song from Tanguito, taking advantage of his "madness and ingenuity".
_	He struck up friendships with Guy Burgess, the British defector, and Martina Browne, the nanny employed by Ruari and Janet Chisholm, who were working for SIS and were instrumental in the defection of Oleg Penkovsky — a colonel in Soviet military intelligence — who was responsible for disabusing the Kennedy administration of the myth that the 'missile gap' was in the Soviet's favour.
_	The problem was directly connected to the "miracle" that takes place there and the myth that is spread around involving the creation of the small church and is as follows: seventeen large trees and several smaller have grown on the roof of the building.
_	The castle is the basis of the myth that is associated with the folklore hero, Momotarō.
_	This mass migration is probably the source of the myth that lemmings commit mass suicide.
_	According to Nadkarni, the "Vajrasuchika Upanishad" is among the many ancient and medieval era texts that demolish the myth that Hindu scriptures supported a caste system.
_	Most films perpetuate the myth that women run the society, some even claiming that men have no say in political or household matters and do not work.
_	Hearsay gave rise to the myth that ninja were the spawn of the Tengu, and that their divinity gave them extraordinary abilities.
_	The concept of baby wearing promotes a closer emotional bond between mother and child, increases the baby's exposure to the mother’s lifestyle and environment in a safe and secure way and breaks the myth that women have to be constrained by new motherhood.
_	Imaginatively colorized versions have helped to spread the myth that the 3-D movies of the 1950s were projected by the anaglyph color filter method.
_	"Time" has noted that other mental health professionals worry that "Breggin reinforces the myth that mental illness is not real, that you wouldn't be ill if you'd pull yourself up by the bootstraps...his views stop people from getting treatment.
_	One reviewer compared the single's title to Stan's 2013 court case and the myth that cats have nine lives.
_	Being isolated for around forty years allowed the myth that women living in Myanmar (Burma) face less gender discrimination and have more rights than females in surrounding Southeast Asian nations.
_	According to biographer Alexander Walker, "Whether she liked it or not ... marriage is the matrix of the myth that began surrounding Elizabeth Taylor from [when she was sixteen]".
_	It would appear from the myth that Poseidon preceded Hera in the heartland of her cult.
_	Taxin, a philanthropist, also promoted the myth that the restaurant's origin was 1865.
_	It is best known for fully dispelling the myth that in 1912 David Sarnoff, while working as a New York City radiotelegraph operator, had been the first person to hear the distress call sent by the RMS Titanic and had operated as the primary contact in the subsequent communications.
_	This and other aircraft were used by a handful of Lockheed test pilots including Milo Burcham, Jimmie Mattern and Tony LeVier in remarkable flight demonstrations, performing such stunts as slow rolls at treetop level with one prop feathered to dispel the myth that the P-38 was unmanageable.
_	Additionally, these pleas and visibility helped dispel the idea that Islam was a violent and hateful religion, temporarily debunking the myth that terrorism is intertwined with the Islamic faith.
_	Ioannidis's heavy-handed and opportunistic intervention had the effect of destroying the myth that the junta was an idealistic group of army officers with exactly the same ideals who came to save Greece by using their collective wisdom.
_	Even after his death, there were accounts stating the myth that Emicho's soul was guarding the gate of Rhineland.
_	Some Anglican Govigama that turned Buddhist in the past century popularized the myth that the colonial occupiers, including the Portuguese, Dutch and British, tried to change Govi dominance by giving prominence to other castes by granting government posts and education under them.
_	Her conclusion is that: "House" refuses to buy into the myth that a good woman can save an ornery jerk, and the finale made it clear what a dope you were to even think the show would try.
_	And that's what El Dorado is about, it's about selling somebody the myth that "The streets are paved with gold" and them asking, "Where do I sign up?"
_	The existence of this buried money is part of the myth that surrounds Hayes.
_	Burroughs hates the myth that anyone can achieve a dream with hard work and perseverance.
_	A curious and enthusiastic amateur zoologist, in 1957 Severin precipitated the myth that cheetahs could reach 70mph when he conducted a basic experiment using an upturned bicycle and some fishing line to pull along a meat-scented bag, clocking how long it took a cheetah to run 73-metre course.
_	Shlomo Sher's "philosophy for artists" argues that there are three common misconceptions about the "underground": that it refers exclusively to the rave/electronica scene; that it can be described with a vague, broad definition of "anything which is not mainstream"; and the myth that underground music is kept secret; he points out that no band or performer "exclud[es] virtually anyone or anything" using "secret passwords and hidden map points".
_	The following year, Independiente defeated Colo-Colo of Chile, another Pacific team, creating the myth that the trophy would never go to the west, giving birth to the saying, "La Copa se mira y no se toca" ().
_	He has also written several academic papers debunking the myth that Claude Monet painted only with natural light.
_	The released tail may break into pieces, leading to the myth that the lizard can shatter like glass and reassemble itself later.
_	In the survival manual "Nuclear War Survival Skills", Cresson Kearney describes the novel as "pseudoscientific" and "demoralising", arguing that it and similar works perpetuate the myth that any large-scale nuclear war would inevitably wipe out all human life.
_	It claims to take inspiration from, and provide inspiration for, all builders and users of beautiful boats, as well as trying to dispel the myth that maintaining an old wooden boat consumes huge amounts of time and money.
_	"Billboard" magazine gave the single an extremely positive review and noted that the song and band were helping to shatter the myth that "Christian pop has to be heavy-handed or steeping power-ballad syrup".
_	Truettner writes these works, “... support the myth that there was enough for everyone.
_	Several myths were attributed to this coin over the following three-hundred years since it has been cast such as the myth that the coin was cast from molten down golden statues of the 18 disciples of the Buddha which earned this coin the nicknames "the Lohan coin" and "Arhat money".
_	Later came the myth that "the regulars" would not obey Roosevelt and caused a delay in taking San Juan Hill.
_	The People's Army was much smaller than the Home Army, but propaganda in communist Poland espoused the myth that the reverse was the case.
_	Its fearful reputation spawned the myth that it was mounted on a railroad car, and could fire from any position in the fortifications.
_	During his visit at ONU, Dr. King famously spoke regarding the myth that many immigrant and/or ethnic groups successfully pulled themselves up by their bootstraps, whereas African Americans were incapable of doing so.
_	As Kazys Škirpa summarized in his memoirs, the uprising demonstrated the determination of the Lithuanian people to have their own independent state and dispelled the myth that Lithuania joined the Soviet Union voluntarily in June 1940.
_	This often "takes the focus off the parental alcohol problem," and the child can be the "scapegoat" under the myth that his/her behavior fuels the parent's drinking/using.
_	Despite mid-episode teasers, the MythBusters refused to microwave a live poodle, and were thus unable to test the myth that a microwave can dry a wet dog.
_	Jewellery found in their stomachs may have been the reason for the myth that gharials are man-eaters.
_	It was the Southern School teaching that has survived to date, creating the myth that Northern Chan was lost over a debate on succession.
_	The Catholic Medical Association of North America claims that science "counters the myth that same-sex attraction is genetically predetermined and unchangeable, and offers hope for prevention and treatment."
_	More than anything, Ranchan perceives and reveals the myth that operates in everyone's lives.
_	Some of his work, including his class on the Arch of Titus, has been dedicated to debunking the myth that the ancient menorah from the Temple in Jerusalem is in the Vatican.
_	Though current research has reversed the myth that dreaming occurs only during REM sleep, it has also shown that the dreams reported in non-rapid eye movement (NREM) and REM differ qualitatively and quantitatively, suggesting that the mechanisms that control each are different.
_	It gains its name from the myth that it was once a settlement constituted by only 3 houses ('te' meaning three and ‘"ghar"’ meaning house in Bengali).
_	To try to avoid criticism for this, to justify a paltry number of adoptions, these groups have perpetuated the myth that there are simply more animals than homes, something that is patently false (even though most people believe it)."
_	The publication of monograph, "The Forgotten Holocaust: The Poles Under German Occupation, 1939–1944", prompted Sorbonne-educated, Dr. Victor S. Mamatey, winner of the prestigious George Louis Beer Award, to thank Lukas for "correcting the myth that Hitler's only victims were Jews and that the occupied peoples of Europe conspired with him in their extermination."
_	His later recollections to his family debunked the myth that the participants had dressed up as Native Americans.
_	These images communicated that opportunities on the frontier awaited everyone and perpetuated the myth that the settling of the west was peaceful, when in reality it was bitterly contested every step of the way.
_	He said Rainbows who likely don't recognize the Biblical overtones continue to cite "Warriors of the Rainbow" and mischaracterize it as containing a message that aligns with the Rainbow ideology, often inventing entirely new versions of the myth that they still attribute to Willoya and Brown's 1962 tract.
_	It makes reference to the myth that the word "posh" is an acronym for "Port Out, Starboard Home".
_	Lisa Fenton suggested that it was "sexism and it's deeply rooted", and Ruth England expressed disappointment with Channel 4's decision as it "perpetuates the myth that women need to be taken care of", while Sarah Outen criticised the "male-oriented bias with adventure TV programmes".
_	This example runs counter to the myth that Andean natives being colonized were simply overtaken by the system.
_	However, the myth that Europa will only know peace with the union of The Storm King and the Heterodyne Princess is carefully tended to by the Knights of Jove - a group of noble houses descended from Andronicus's many illegitimate offspring who hope to fill this Storm King shaped narrative hole with one of their own.
_	After absinthe was banned, research dropped off until the 1970s, when the British scientific journal "Nature" published an article comparing the molecular shape of thujone to tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the primary psychoactive substance found in cannabis (marijuana), and hypothesized it would act the same way on the brain, sparking the myth that thujone was a cannabinoid.
_	She followed this with an editorial that suggested that unlike the myth that white women were sexually at risk of attacks by black men, most liaisons between black men and white women were consensual.
_	This finding of membrane vesicle trafficking occurring at the host-pathogen interface also dispels the myth that exocytosis is purely a eukaryotic cell phenomenon.
_	Iolo Morganwg, who revived Welsh bardic traditions during the 18th and 19th centuries, popularised a version of the myth that had Hu Gadarn's two long-horned oxen drag the afanc from the lake, enabling it to be killed.
_	The first MythBusters episode involving the company was “busting” the myth that a duck's quack will not echo.
_	The second time was the infamous “Brown Note” episode, which explored the myth that a person subjected to high levels of very low-frequency sound could experience “involuntary intestinal motility."
_	According to Sommers, the gender feminist view is "the prevailing ideology among contemporary feminist philosophers and leaders" and "thrives on the myth that American women are the oppressed 'second sex.'"
_	In the myth that Asmodeus created Baator (from the "Codex") it states that Asmodeus tortured souls in a far off section of the upper planes and that when their screams filled heaven the gods once again tried to remove Asmodeus from the upper planes, but by the Pact Primeval Asmodeus was allowed to torture the souls in heaven.
_	Making the stories of the righteous known meant debunking the myth that opposition against Nazism was an impossible deed and that there wasn't any possibility of helping the persecuted without running extreme risks.
_	Some of them believe that grouping together people with non-heterosexual orientations perpetuates the myth that being gay/lesbian/bi/asexual/pansexual/etc. makes a person deficiently different from other people.
_	Dominic Fifield suggested Arsenal's win "had shattered the myth that Liverpool were invincible," while Si Hughes in "The Daily Telegraph" wrote it "...set in motion the decline of one of football’s grandest institutions."
_	In December, 2011, the New York Times financial columnist Joe Nocera stated that Wallison had "almost single-handedly created the myth that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac caused the financial crisis."
_	His radio callsign is Snake Doctor which is Southern US slang for a dragonfly (based on the myth that they follow snakes around and heal their injuries).
_	The lawsuit said, "NBC saw the death of Trayvon Martin not as a tragedy but as an opportunity to increase ratings, and so set about to create the myth that George Zimmerman was a racist and predatory villain."
_	In 1986, Roy Duncan, historian and Chairman of the Isles of Scilly Council, wrote to the Dutch Embassy in London to dispose of the myth that the islands were still at war.
_	As imperial decrees had absolute authority this proliferated the myth that the general populace held that Hanzi characters were somehow magical which in turn inspired Chinese charms and amulets to take the forms of imperial decrees.
_	"A short section on his wartime efforts to create the Tucker Combat Car introduced the Tucker Turret and may have been the source of the myth that his turrets were widely used during the war."
_	After falling behind 3–0, the Mets then won Game 7, concluding the devastating collapse and feeding the myth that the Red Sox were "cursed."
_	Although the myths of the earlier Ophite system are but lightly touched on, there is some trace of an acquaintance with them, as for example the myth that Adam was brought forth by the Earth spontaneously; he lay without breath, without motion, without stirring, like a statue; being made after the image of the First Man, through the agency of several Archons.
_	One of his earliest paintings is credited as the origin of the myth that St. Bernard rescue dogs in the Alps carry a small casket of brandy on their collars.
_	It was the period of the myth that science is omnipotent and can give answers to the main human queries...
_	The demonization and criminalization of ethnic minorities and the perpetuation of the myth that they are non-Thai has been embedded in Thai textbooks, in Thai history and in the mainstream media."
_	Although they lived in independent city-states, they spoke a common language (Latin), held common religious beliefs, and shared a sense of kinship, expressed in the myth that all Latins descend from Latinus.
_	The debate attracted a "massive audience" of a thousand Harvard students, requiring its campus venue to be changed twice before it could take place on November 3, 1997, in Harvard's Sanders Theater, prompting Professor Sandel to comment, "'This puts to rest the myth that this generation has a political apathy, and apathy to political debates.'"
_	Eisenegger at the University of Zurich has conducted a study and concludes that the evidence debunks the myth that testosterone causes aggressive, egocentric behaviour, suggesting instead that the sex hormone can encourage fair play, particularly if it improves a person's status.
_	In March 2005, Greenpeace asked the DFO to "dispel the myth that seals are hampering the recovery of cod stocks."
_	Manstein gave testimony at the main Nuremberg trials of war criminals in August 1946, and prepared a paper that, along with his later memoirs, helped cultivate the myth of a "clean Wehrmacht"—the myth that the German armed forces were not culpable for the atrocities of the Holocaust.
_	A filmed re-enactment in early 1935 for "The March of Time" newsreel of Lomax's discovery of Lead Belly in prison, led to the myth that John Lomax made Lead Belly perform in prison stripes (which is inaccurate).
_	This machine was used in the "MythBusters" 2009 season to test the myth that it's better to leave the windows open during a hurricane than closed (the myth was declared Busted).
_	He was influential in the creation of the myth that the German navy had won the Battle of Jutland.
_	Gavin Mackenzie of "PLAY" wrote Kasumi's "breasts explode the myth that ninjas like to go unnoticed, as they make it impossible not to notice Kasumi."
_	Ronald Reagan's "Resurgent America" campaign re-writes the history of Vietnam and erases the GI Movement; by 1990, over 100 theatrical films have been produced about the Vietnam War, none of which portray the GI Antiwar Movement or any opposition to the war by soldiers; the myth that antiwar activists routinely spat on returning soldiers is spread as part of the buildup to the 1990 Gulf War.
_	It promoted the myth that Jews conspired to 'judaise' the world; it served to consolidate social identity; it channeled dissatisfactions among victims of the capitalist system; and it was used as a conservative cultural code to fight emancipation and liberalism.
_	These stories include the myth that it can outrun a galloping horse or a running human.
_	Ignorance about the disease, and how it was spread, was commonplace and the fact that many of the early American victims were gay or bisexual men helped to fuel the myth that gave the disease its first name; GRID (Gay Related Immune Disorder).
_	Deming has added to the myth that he taught the Japanese the PDSA cycle with this quote on p. 247, "The PDSA Cycle originated in my teaching in Japan in 1950.
_	The author of the "Physiologus", who infused pagan tales with the spirit of Christian moral and mystical teaching, reactivated the myth that the hyena is a hermaphrodite.
_	Some commentators have claimed that Flammarion produced the image to propagandize the myth that medieval Europeans widely believed the Earth to be flat.
_	Nationalism became the basis for all of Hoxha's policies as the war created a "state of siege nationalism" imbued with the myth that Albanian military prowess defeated Axis forces which became a centrepiece of the regime within the context of education and culture.
_	This early viral video spread the myth that sheltering underneath an overpass was safer during a tornado.
_	At the novel's end, much of the city is flooded, in reference to the myth that held Glastonbury to be the original Avalon.
_	It was not until Belgian colonization that the tensions between the Hutus and Tutsis became focused on race, the Belgians propagating the myth that Tutsis were the superior ethnicity.
_	Grayson was later mentioned in the song about Dula, and from that came the myth that he had been Dula's rival for the love of Laura Foster, but Grayson actually had no prior connection to either Dula or Foster.
_	Pierre Bourdieu's work emphasized how social classes, especially the ruling and intellectual classes, preserve their social privileges across generations despite the myth that contemporary post-industrial society boasts equality of opportunity and high social mobility, achieved through formal education.
_	Through this cultural and linguistic inheritance many Roman myths were also influenced by the Ancients, such as the myth that the "Ancient ones ascended to the Heavens".
_	One of the earliest known references to the myth that the Great Wall can be seen from the moon appears in a letter written in 1754 by the English antiquary William Stukeley.
_	By omitting their interactions with the ‘modern world’ that they are a part of, and perpetuating the myth that they are dying out, Nelson's work freezes tribal peoples in the past and effectively denies them a place in this world."
_	League documented various antisemitic canards concerning Jews and banking, including the myth that world banking is dominated by the Rothschild family, that Jews control Wall Street, and that Jews control the United States Federal Reserve.
_	They run a national "alternative" Old Boy Network that aims to create privilege for people without privilege and counter the myth that universities, and in particular arts degrees, are the domain of the middle and upper classes.
_	She dispels the myth that Asian Americans have somehow "made it" when there exists a class ceiling preventing them from attaining positions of real power.
_	With the site also noting that the lyrics possess post disco themes, stating "Disco lived by the myth that Saturday night never ends.
_	In spite of Malotki's refutation, the myth that "the Hopi have no concept of time" lived on in the popular literature.
_	"It felt like the right time to have a show with two parents, to debunk the myth that Disney never has the mom in the picture", says Adam Bonnett, Senior Vice President of original programming for Disney Channel.
_	The name comes from the myth that the gods Kāne and Kanaloa threw a stone to determine the boundaries, but it was lost and later found at Pili o Kahe.
_	Linz and Donnerstein focused on the detrimental effects of exposure to violent images in pornography portraying the myth that women enjoy or in some way benefit from rape, torture, or other forms of sexual violence.
_	Throughout she tries to consider the diet of all social classes and is intent on dispelling the myth that the food of the bulk of the population at this time was dull and monotonous.
_	Nevertheless, the myth that foreign aircraft had bombed Freiburg had a long-standing basis.
_	It is based upon the myth that Sweden is the place where Santa's workshop is located.
_	Recent research on poikaal Kuthirai dance dispelled the myth that this art is ancient and of Maratha origin.
_	Children in some cultures are often told the myth that you can hear the sound of the ocean by holding a seashell to ones ear.
_	Steinem stated that "the myth that Lovelace loved to be sexually used and humiliated was created by her husband" and that he kept her as his prisoner.
_	From this incident, Beuys fashioned the myth that he was rescued from the crash by nomadic Tatar tribesmen, who had wrapped his broken body in animal fat and felt and nursed him back to health:
_	According to Boslooper, Clement omitted one part of the myth that forms a connection between his account and the Theban legend of Dionysus.
_	Furthermore, he hopes to dispel "the myth that perpetual pursuit of growth is good for economies or the societies of which they are a part" for the well-being of the planet, of underdeveloped populations, and of the sick, stressed, and overweight populations of overdeveloped countries.
_	He, with Kees Immink, refutes the myth that the Compact Disc's playing time was determined by Beethoven's Ninth Symphony.
_	The phenomenal popularity of his music disproved the myth that Kenyan music could never compete with imported pop.
_	Woolf, says Marcus, dispelled the myth that "the elite homosexuals of her world were allies with women in oppression".
_	Swaminarayan worked thus to dispel the myth that moksha (salvation) was not attainable by everyone.
_	In a letter to the editors of The Journal of Wilderness and Environmental Medicine, Brad L. Bennett, PhD claimed "perpetuation of the myth that one needs to drink beyond the dictates of thirst can be deadly."
_	According to the "New Yorker", von Spakovsky has promoted "the myth that Democratic voter fraud is common, and that it helps Democrats win elections".
_	Ben-Yehuda compared the story as reported in the sole historical source, Flavius Josephus, to the myth that developed during the Zionist movement from the 1940s to the 1960s.
_	They're nothing but a couple of reactionary stereotypes, confirming the myth that everyone in Britain is a lovable middle-class eccentric.
_	The name of the condition derives from the Greek λαγωός ("lagoos", "hare"), referring to the myth that hares sleep with their eyes open.
_	Te Kooti developed the myth that white quartz stones were diamonds and symbolically the lamb of God.
_	The novel contains an early promulgation of the myth that President John F. Kennedy's famous "Ich bin ein Berliner" remark actually translated to "I am a jelly doughnut."
_	While the myth that the gum found in MREs contains a laxative is false (however, they are sweetened with xylitol, a mild laxative), the crackers in the ration pack do contain a higher than normal vegetable content to facilitate digestion.
_	The brightness of their light is legendary and Peter Martyr d'Anghiera in his 1516 "History of the West Indies" notes that the Islanders tied a few beetles to their toes to light their way at night, but also spreads the myth that adult beetles feed on mosquitoes.
_	During a concert appearance in Cincinnati, Ohio, Griffin sought to disprove the myth that Houdini escaped from under the ice in the Detroit River.
_	These studies have shown, that after viewing slasher films, college male students have less sympathy for rape victims, see them as less injured, and are more likely to endorse the myth that women enjoy rape.
_	Wittig argues against the perceived natural category of women in favor of social theory, claiming that the label of “woman” merely perpetuates the myth that femininity and womanhood are natural, unchanging, and definable.
_	At a time when Hollywood’s bottom line is increasingly dominated by international box office, they face the myth that racially diverse films “don’t travel.
_	Hiley differs in that Leete's portrayal of Kitchener is less about immediate recruiting statistics but the myth that has grown around the image, including ironic parodies.
_	One historian wrote that "the idea that they were indifferent to the sufferings of their men is constantly refuted by the facts, and only endures because some commentators wish to perpetuate the myth that these generals, representing the upper classes, did not give a damn what happened to the lower orders".
_	I deeply regret it, but the myth that's growing out of this is false."
_	That leadership later gave rise to the myth that "the Iberians were the sole leaders of the exploration".
_	Shefferman built "a daunting business on a foundation of false premises", of which "perhaps the most incredible—and most widely believed—is the myth that companies are at a disadvantage to unions organizationally, legally, and financially during a union-organizing drive."
_	He made extensive use of archival sources, and is particularly remembered for having – through his study of "Henry Yevele" (1944), and his biographical dictionary of "English Mediaeval Architects" (1954) – helped dispel the myth that the architects of medieval buildings were anonymous figures of whom little could be discovered.
_	The book challenged the myth that everything is beautiful at the ballet.
_	Roger Meyers, Sr. being cryogenically frozen is a reference to the myth that Walt Disney was frozen.
_	The name of the castle, meaning "the Devil's castle", originates from the myth that an evil spirit or a devil was sighted in the area in the past, which still survives as a superstition among the area's inhabitants.
_	In order to keep the 1939 invention of a new on-board Airborne Intercept Radar system secret from German bombers, the British Royal Ministry told newspapers that the nighttime defensive success of Royal Air Force pilots was due to a high dietary intake of carrots rich in vitamin A, propagating the myth that carrots enable people to see better in the dark.
_	Bonanno's and Magaddino's crime families in New York and Buffalo opened up Montreal and Toronto in the 1950s as satellite groups or individual operations connected with the famous "French Connection", but eventually the satellite groups would grow into their own powerful crime families and control massive narcotics distribution networks that still operate even today, all of the narcotics networks mentioned help destroy the myth that Charlie Luciano and La Cosa Nostra were against narcotics.
_	Successfully combining our favorite aspects of the "Star Wars" universe with a clever stage design and a fantastic presentation, LucasArts has done a great job in suppressing the myth that games based on the Skywalker universe aren't any fun.
_	Susan Price argues that the philosophical "...canon remains dominated by white males – the discipline that...still hews to the myth that genius is tied to gender."
_	In the documentary Sooke sets out to "debunk the myth that Romans didn't do art and were unoriginal".
_	Alternatively "Antinous and a sacrificial daemon" was suggested, in reference to the myth that Antinous had killed himself as a sacrifice to lengthen Hadrian's life), or simply as Antinous and Hadrian pledging their fidelity to one another.
_	This symbolic stone existed at Paphos from ancient times and, as the adoration of standing stones is a feature of eastern religions, the nearby Petra tou Romiou (Aphrodite's rock) may be responsible for the creation of the myth that she was born here.
_	This study dispelled the myth that pregnancy was protective against depression and, more importantly, provided an evidence-based foundation for women and their physicians to weigh the risks and benefits of continuing versus discontinuing antidepressant medications during pregnancy.
_	Also, she refuses to eat or drink anything when she is at Starletta's, remembering the myth that if you use the same glass or cup as "coloreds", the germs they have left on it will spread onto your lips and you will turn as dark as they are.
_	They maintain the myth that the Snowpiercer is out of control and still circling the world, to control the populace with fear.
_	The educational programs are aimed at people in the Western world, aiming at "demolishing the myth that tribal people are relics, destined to perish through ‘progress’".
_	In these interviews Hogan said that he was indeed a right-handed player who early on practiced/played with a left hand club that had been given to him because it was all that he had and that it was this issue that brought about the myth that he was left-handed.
_	He dismissed the myth that Vedas and other scriptures are only for a particular section of the society and encouraged common man to gain spiritual knowledge.
_	The presence of Harrow School on the main 'Hill' of Harrow has preserved the myth that it is an affluent, leafy area (recent house price averages on the Hill were £1,500,000), but the affluence of the Hill is now surrounded by typical north-west London suburbia of 1930s semi-detached houses and flats.
_	A clip of the scene where Mr. Bean puts the balloons on the pram was shown to illustrate the expected result of a myth in "MythBusters"; the myth that a large number of balloons could lift a small child into the sky.
_	McCain and fellow senators Dianne Feinstein and Carl Levin sent a critical letter to Michael Lynton, chairman of the film's distributor, Sony Pictures Entertainment, stating, "[W]ith the release of "Zero Dark Thirty", the filmmakers and your production studio are perpetuating the myth that torture is effective.
_	are very keenly priced breaking the myth that O gauge ready to run models are very
_	Frank L. Britton, editor of "The American Nationalist" published a book, "Behind Communism", in 1952 which disseminated the myth that Communism was a Jewish conspiracy originating in Palestine.
_	For instance, the show used one of the smaller hangars to disprove the myth that it is not possible to fold a sheet of paper in half more than seven times.
_	Films such as "Hooper" and "The Stunt Man" and the 1980s television show "The Fall Guy" sought to raise the profile of the stunt performer and debunk the myth that film stars perform all their own stunts.
_	The most negative review came from John Teti of Eurogamer who gave the game a 4/10 and wrote that ""Mafia II" gets the last word by destroying the myth that the mafia is interesting at all.
_	Soviet authorities propagated the myth that Mountain Jews were not part of the world Jewish people at all, but rather members of Tat community that settled in the region.
_	The purpose of the essay was to "dispel the myth that there are no gay black people".
_	Sasha also participated in the 2013 edition of "Tornado Week" on The Weather Channel, helping break the myth that small tornadoes are not as destructive by demonstrating a tight spin.
_	I'm not quite sure where the myth that he died en route came from, but it wasn't from any documentation that I've found, and I scoured NARA during 15 trips to D.C."
_	Also in some Japanese villages, parents spread the myth that he eats little boys to stop them going into the forests at night.
_	"These statements by Dewar are reinforcing the myth of implied consent and the myth that a victim of sexual assault is ultimately responsible for their own victimisation," said Alanna Makinson of the Canadian Federation of Students, during the protest.
_	She has also dispelled the myth that women's menstrual cycles can become synchronised due to their close social bonds.
_	In 2013, Derbyshire Constabulary released a press release telling people not to believe the myth that calling 999 charges the battery.
_	"Life" 's photographer was referred to The Tool Box by Hal Call, leader of the San Francisco chapter of the Mattachine Society, who had long worked to dispel the myth that all homosexual men were effeminate.
_	This is probably also due to the myth that for decades followed his sudden and mysterious early leaving from football.
_	At the same time, studio heads refused to allow Miranda to stray from the self-mocking image that made her a top moneymaker, Bananas Is My Business examines with sensitivity and integrity the myth that was Carmen Miranda."
_	Both women repeatedly denied the stories and attempted to dispel "...the myth that women, especially blondes and brunettes, can’t get along in Hollywood."
_	DogsBlog.com ran the UK's first National Dog Adoption Month in August 2008, Kim Bruce from DogsBlog.com said "The campaign aims to completely dispel the myth that rescue dogs need pity or sympathy or that dogs in shelters are somehow there due to problems in their makeup, physical or emotional."
_	In preface to a well known version by the Glenfolk Four, a singer insists that the intent of the song is to address the myth that the capital of Ireland is Dublin.
_	In the version of the myth that "Odysseus Acanthoplex" was based on, Odysseus and Circe had a son from this dalliance, Telegonus.
_	The mill has a very westward lean to it, inspiring the myth that a furious Devil tried to foil Brograve's drainage efforts by blowing it down.
_	In July 2014, Sahakian dispelled the myth that humans only use 10% of their brains in regard to the plot of the film Lucy.
_	This has led to the myth that it was because Manchus were "afraid of water".
_	There is no known basis for the myth that red coats were favoured because they did not show blood stains.
_	As for the military: "I think what's going on in the military is denial and perpetuating the myth that the military is the last bastion of white male heterosexuality...
_	He also exposes the myth that former slaves who joined the Union Army were as well treated as white soldiers.
_	It was hard low-paid work, and made him sharply aware of the falsity of the myth that Mexicans are lazy.
_	In 2013, it changed its name to Royal Voluntary Service, to further dispel the myth that it is an organisation for women only; currently about 5% of its volunteers are men.
_	For another possible interpretation, Hayman goes on to quote the writer Michael Scriven, who said that Sartre was "shattering the myth of the coherently finished text, the myth that the contradictions that gave rise to the work have been resolved by an apparently cohesive textual narrative."
_	Perry concluded that, "although Americans failed to grasp the Orient as they hoped, the power of the myth that pushed them there enabled them to do something bigger, something real.
_	The report explored the myth that most wealthy African Americans made their money in sports and entertainment.
_	PLANED also quotes the myth that: "The Tylwyth Teg or Fairy Folk were believed to frequent the Frenni Fawr in the past.
_	While in command of the "America", Anderson gained a reputation for outstanding seamanship, unfailing good nature and insistence on crew discipline and courteous service that helped dispel the myth that American passenger ships were inferior to European liners.
_	Yale tour guides like to perpetuate the myth that Harkness Tower was once the tallest free-standing stone structure in the world, but needed to be reinforced because an eccentric architect poured acid down the walls to make the tower look older.
_	There is the myth that Indians are a dying race, i.e.
_	The casualties returning from the disaster, some badly burned, contributed to the myth that a German invasion had been repulsed by the use of burning oil floated on the sea.
_	In effect, they perpetuate the myth that education is available to all to provide a means of achieving wealth and status.
_	In an article aimed at dispelling the myth that zoning laws in the District are currently bound to the height of the Capitol building, the blog "We Love DC" maintained that, "the 1899 Height of Buildings Act established that no building could be taller than the Capitol (289 feet [88 m])."
_	When she published her work, many misconceptions and myths about gorillas were finally disproved, including the myth that gorillas are violent.
_	It is best known for the myth that it was run by the Barker brothers' mother, Kate, usually referred to as "Ma Barker".
_	Barron's and co-author Anthony Paul's 1977 book "Murder of a Gentle Land: The Untold Story of Communist Genocide in Cambodia" was important in overturning the myth that the Khmer Rouge rulers of Cambodia were benign agrarian reformers.
_	Echoing Douglas Turner Ward's warning to black Americans whose “happiness” and survival are predicated upon white America's relationship to black America in "Happy Ending" (1966), "Ceremonies" challenges the myth that the social, political, and economic plight of black America rests in white people's hands.
_	At the end of Qing, the myth that hanba is able to transform into a hou appeared.
_	As a writer, he has worked to correct the myth that the American "black experience" is defined only by poverty, violence, and crime.
_	Witnesses claim to have seen bricks thrown from above, heard ghostly shouts, and intrigue surrounds the myth that the folly may have been used by smugglers.
_	Another commentator argued that the article inaccurately perpetuated the myth that universities functioned as meritocracies, without taking into account that minorities have to overcome social hurdles, such as racial discrimination and prejudice.
_	Nine is Dr Frankenstein’s first creation: a creature stitched together out of nine different cats (his name is also a pun on the myth that cats have nine lives).
_	It's time we stopped repeating the myth that waste is an issue that can't be dealt with."
_	The spear derives its name from the myth that a dragonfly landed on its blade and was instantly cut in two.
_	Some reject the idea of gray rape, saying that it promotes the myth that rape can be an accident.
_	In Sara Alcid's 2013 article "Navigating Consent: Debunking the “Gray Area” Myth", she argues that the “gray area” around sex and consent that "...we have come to know as an inevitable part of sex and consent is a product of our culture’s less than healthy or communicative approach to sex"; Alcid states that "women’s outfits...are [wrongly] perceived as an invitation for sex or a signal of pre-consent"; "[f]lirting and acting romantically interested in someone is commonly interpreted [incorrectly] as a desire to have sex"; the incorrect belief that dating confers "a permanent state of consenting to sex", or the myth that being pressured or intoxicated is consent.
_	They're nothing but a couple of reactionary stereotypes, confirming the myth that everyone in Britain is a lovable middle-class eccentric.
_	According to the myth that was current at Amathus, the second most important Cypriote cult centre of Aphrodite, Theseus's ship was swept off course and the pregnant and suffering Ariadne put ashore in the storm.
_	In February 2009, an interview with "Power Magazine" called Mullenweg "the Blog Prince" and dispelled the myth that blogging was a passing trend and revealed that the company has seen a 10% month-on-month organic growth with more than 15,000 new blogs hosted by WordPress each day.
_	The story of William and similar rumours clearly influenced the myth that developed around Hugh.
_	Hiawassee was originally inhabited by predominately Cherokee-speaking peoples, but the myth that the town was named after a Cherokee or otherwise Native American princess is false and is as mythical as the Cherokee princess herself.
_	That year’s record auction prices helped perpetuate the myth that the country’s woolgrowers were all millionaires.
_	Anupama Subramanian of the "Deccan Chronicle" gave 3.5 stars out of 5 and wrote, "Aided by his entire cast and technical department, breaking the myth that promising debut filmmakers may not fare in their next, Karthik Subbaraj clearly proves that he is here to stay".
_	According to University of Durban-Westville anthropology lecturer and researcher Suzanne Leclerc-Madlala, the myth that sex with a virgin is a cure for AIDS is not confined to South Africa.
_	His research into the Hoysala period, regarded as one of the golden periods in the history of Karnataka, led to the unearthing of stone inscriptions that shed light into the motherhood of Hoysala Queen Shantaladevi, thus debunking the myth that she committed suicide for being childless.
_	The "30-Day Vegan Challenge" helps dispel the myth that veganism is about "deprivation and limitations," according to the "Oregonian".
_	The practice of twinning fostered the myth that the second entity is actually her dead sister.
_	Among the numerous eulogies written by contemporary papers, one stands out – "[Mohun Bagan] succeeded in what the Congress and the Swadeshi-wallas have failed to do so far to explode the myth that the Britishers are unbeatable in any sphere of life" (The Englishman).
_	We're trying to bust the myth that everyone wants a different kind of Spanish."
_	Some popular stories that have recently appeared on "Hands On" include: video diaries from men and women's deaf sports teams competing in European Championships, hilarious presenter challenges such as signed busking on Dublin's main shopping street, interviews with residents of a house for adult deaf and deaf-blind people, reports on new developments in the field of health, a report debunking the myth that deaf people cannot be primary school teachers in Ireland, interviews with all political parties leading up to the Irish general election and interviews with deaf people who have traveled the world, are business owners, university students, historians, authors, sportsmen and women.
_	Chelu of magazine "Click!" associated its title to both Stan's 2013 court case and the myth that cats have nine lives, naming the singer an optimistic person.
_	She spoke at the University of Otago about recidivism and about the myth that offenders cannot be treated.
_	"Declan's Moon's incredible movement shatters the myth that the racing industry no longer produces horses suited for sport at the top levels," said RRTP founder and president Steuart Pittman.
_	Incidentally, Polito also debunks the myth that Thompson was not paid well for his works:
_	The tornadoes caused 65 deaths in Pennsylvania and were not dissipated by the state's mountainous landscape, "forever putting to rest the myth that such terrain can deter them".
_	Along with the material in Manstein's memoirs and the memoirs of other German generals, the conduct of the trial was partly responsible for creating the legend of a "clean" Wehrmacht, the myth that members of the German armed forces acted in isolation, and were not involved or culpable for the events of the Holocaust.
_	The prevalence of intimate partner femicide dispels the myth that women have the most to fear from strangers, and instead are most often killed within the private sphere of the home, the area where they are supposedly most safe according to global ideals.
_	Thus, the patronage system the Cimento worked under created the myth that the Cimento was exclusively concerned with experimentation, when reality paints a different picture.
_	Susan Price argues that the philosophical "...canon remains dominated by white males—the discipline that...still hews to the myth that genius is tied to gender."
_	A few writers persist in the myth that most African Americans have Native American heritage.
_	In it he aimed to eliminate the myth that French cuisine is difficult and time-consuming to prepare.
_	Founded in 1977, the Milwaukee Community Sailing Center was created by a group of local sailors who sought to form a community organization to make sailing accessible to all in the Milwaukee area and dispel the myth that sailing is an elitist sport.
_	Keeping these techniques secret, along with the myth that there was a word that only the horseman knew that gave them and them alone power over horses helped guarantee their reputation, prestige, job security, and pay.
_	It perpetuated the myth that the Beeching cuts were concerned solely with sleepy rural branch lines, but they concerned well-used "industrial" and commuter lines.
_	She also sought to debunk the myth that children lacked interest in nonfiction.
_	The assassinations caused a split within the coup leadership, turning the initial harmony among the generals into discord, and further abroad repulsed American and world opinion, exploding the myth that this new regime would constitute a distinct improvement over their predecessors, and ultimately convinced Washington that even though the leaders' names had changed in Saigon, the situation remained the same.
_	A German IoT member named Helmut Barthel created the doctrine of 'ice magick', which is related to the myth that Germanic people originated in the icy land of Thule (a name that has historicly been applied to multiple places, which have been conflated together).
_	In her 2004 book "The Autonomy Myth: A Theory of Dependency", Fineman "argues that popular ideology in the United States has become fixated on the myth that citizens are and should be autonomous.
_	The surviving ancient and medieval sources, whether literary or scholarly, contradict each other, and many do not tally with the form of the myth that scholars now believe to have existed in the archaic and classical periods.
_	Andrew L. Barlow writes that the reason proposition 209 was passed in California was due to those supporting it being "successful in promoting the myth that societal racism no longer exists in California".
_	As the first black face for Elizabeth Arden, Lerato Moloi has stated that she wants to dispel the myth that UV protection is not essential for women of color.
_	During the Rwandan genocide, both Hutus and Tutsis avoided searching local Rwandan Muslim neighborhoods because they widely believed the myth that local Muslims and mosques were protected by the power of Islamic magic and the efficacious Jinn.
_	As an advanced chemist, Al-Kindi was also an opponent of alchemy; he debunked the myth that simple, base metals could be transformed into precious metals such as gold or silver.
_	Kidd's origins in Greenock have been dismissed by David Dobson, who found neither the name Kidd nor Kyd in baptismal records; the myth that his "father was thought to have been a Church of Scotland minister" has been discounted, insofar as there is no mention of the name in comprehensive Church of Scotland records for the period.
_	"PC Zone"s Jamie Cunningham called "Guardians of Destiny" "yet another Westwood masterpiece", and believed that it "dispenses with all the point-and-click statistical mumbo jumbo, and puts an end to the myth that RPGs are boring."
_	The extreme docility of some individuals has led to the myth that Ragdolls are pain resistant.
_	The story develops based on the myth that the temple idol can work as a water valve to let the sea water in and out of the temple in case of an emergency.
_	Li Shizhen notes these names derive from the myth that earthworms (like dragons) can create "yinqing" 陰晴 "cloudy and clear; unsettled weather".
_	We do not believe that it is appropriate for a patient to receive the Service Charge information advised by OFCOM when they contact their surgery as this will only seek to alarm them, and perpetuate the myth that all calls (to 084 numbers) are more costly."
_	On Island's Sue label, he released a version of "Stormy Monday Blues" under the pseudonym Little Joe Cook, which perpetuated the myth that he was a black singer.
_	"Keep on Keepin' On", while promoting the myth that Columbus was trying to prove that the world was round, calls attention to the many ways in which supposed truths were shown to be false.
_	She was a vocal and unequivocal supporter of woman's suffrage and denounced the myth that women fighting for the vote would remain unmarried.
_	The Sox took a 3–0 lead on home runs by Dwight Evans and Rich Gedman but the Mets then won Game 7, concluding the devastating collapse and feeding the myth that the Red Sox were "cursed."
_	A duet with Jennifer Hudson, "The Future Ain't What It Used to Be" is a pessimistic song based upon the myth that Pandora closed her jar before allowing "hope" to escape (the song first appeared on the only album performed by female group Pandora's Box).
_	This tornado refutes the myth that tornadoes do not occur in rough terrain.
_	For instance, Suzy (a child dummy) was used to test the myth that a child could go 360 degrees around a swing set.
_	Mrs. Manning wore a black satin dress on the scaffold, resulting in the myth that the material went out of fashion for many years (though, following the execution, fashion catalogues continued to show black satin garments, suggesting no evidence to support the myth).
_	Everest attempt was motivated by the desire to dispel the myth that vegans were "malnourished and weak", and that "vegans can do anything and more."
_	Lindsay had done little to dispel the myth that the story is based on truth, in many interviews either refusing to confirm it was entirely fiction, or hinting that parts of the book were fictitious and that others were not.
_	Estimates of the numbers of tanks in Britain after the fall of France vary; Viscount Cranbourne stated in the House of Lords (in 1942) that Britain only had 50 infantry tanks and 200 light tanks armed only with machine guns, and these figures have become the basis of the myth that the British Army in June 1940 had very few tanks.
_	The campaign believed the lifetime ban to be discriminatory, and that it perpetuated the myth that AIDS is a “gay disease”.
_	The persistence of rape can also be attributed to misconceptions about rape, such as the myth that having sex with prepubescent girls will give people strength in battle or business dealings.
_	With a string of hits behind her, she successfully managed to break out of the myth that married actresses usually do not go to become sex symbols, especially in the Hindi film industry.
_	The antiquity of the myth that the Sun is pulled by horses is not definitely from the Nordic religion.
_	Corbeck and Jane tell Margaret all about Kara, the violent murders she committed, and the myth that she could reincarnate herself.
_	This would also allow them to continue to "cleanse" the image of the Bolivian armed forces and further propagate the myth that the war had been lost by politicians rather than by the men in uniform.
_	They wrote, "The core design is as outstanding as the interface and presentation, and the A.I. demolishes the myth that war games can't put up a decent fight against a human opponent."
_	These have included: testing the "Red Flag to a Bull" myth; testing the myth that a human's tongue will instantly stick to a frozen pole, in the "Frozen Tongue" myth; and the "Underwater Blow Dart" myth.
_	This single fact has been the basis to perpetuate the myth that links bishop Marroquin to the early stages of the University of San Carlos.
_	The book did such a thorough job of debunking the myth that it effectively ended most of the Bermuda Triangle hype.
_	It's one more denunciation of the myth that gay or lesbian people are less than full, good citizens."
_	she demolishes the myth that various poisons guarantee a relatively easy death…and [provides] an examination of the ‘gendering’ of poison, long thought to be mainly the province of women.
_	Alata appeared in the 1978 documentary about the Touré regime "La danse avec l’aveugle (If You Dance with a Blind Man)", which shattered the myth that Touré was a militant hero and exposed the brutality of the regime.
_	The playwright chose to deal with the Baron’s character and through this examine the gap between the Baron and the myth that was created around him.
_	Theologian and Christian apologist J. P. Moreland argues that "the myth that science is the model of truth and rationality still grips the mind of much of our popular and scientific culture", stating that "though philosophers of science over the past few decades have gutted many of the claims of this scientific imperialism, many thinkers, knee-jerk agnostics, and even judges persist in the grip of this notion."
_	He also praised the "modern school" for dispelling the myth that voice teachers possess some mystical power for transforming common voices into magnificent ones:
_	The introduction challenges the myth that language learning is “difficult” and outlines the way in which Lonsdale believes readers should use the book.
_	Lange Foundation tries to dispel the myth that a positive FIV status makes a cat unworthy of adoption.
_	Sjahrir's writings successfully countered the myth that the Indonesian republic was the brainchild of the fascist imperial Japanese forces and not a deep national desire.
_	Adoptions became closed when social pressures mandated that families preserve the myth that they were formed biologically.
_	Some of Phipps' own eccentricities also appear in volume two; he frequently lapses into sarcasm, revealing his disdain for civilian administration of military affairs, and there are points at which he fails to follow through fully on his criticism; for example, he holds back on his critique of Jean Victor Moreau despite his assertion that he wanted to demolish once and for all the myth that Moreau was as great a soldier as Napoleon.
_	The popular appeal of the recording helped destroy the myth that R&B artists were incapable of creating music that could be appreciated by rock audiences, and marked a unique period for R&B artists (especially Motown artists).
_	In the episode, the show's hosts Jamie Hyneman and Adam Savage used the track to test the myth that a car will have better fuel mileage with the air conditioner on and windows closed than it would with all of the windows down.
_	Khader exposes the myth that microfinance programs empower women in the third world.
_	This gave rise to the myth that when a cock's egg was hatched, it would produce a cockatrice, a fearsome serpent which could kill with its evil stare.
_	The author argued that the opinion "serves to dispel the myth that it is not possible to obtain patent protection for software-based inventions."
_	He sought to dismantle the myth that the crowd in the revolution is seen as a great evil mass of people bent on destruction of order.
_	It is associated with the myth that the Nossa Senhora da Graça (Our Lady of Grace) spared the Nadrupe of Yellow Fever, using the curative powers of its waters.
_	Reviewing the book, Kel Munger from the "Sacramento News and Review" states that "Tim Wise dismantles the myth that full equality has been won and the playing field is level with hard facts, citing studies that have shown the persistence of institutional racism and white racial preference in all areas, including employment, education and health care."
_	He again cultivated the myth that he was a spy for MI6, and claimed that he was set up by the CIA because he had discovered that CIA agents were smuggling drugs into Australia.
_	Stanley Henning's article, "Ignorance, Legend and Taijiquan", criticised the myth that Zhang Sanfeng created "taijiquan" and cast doubt on whether Zhang really existed.
_	Historian Jeffrey Melnick argues that Jewish artists such as Irving Berlin and George Gershwin (composer of "Porgy and Bess") created the myth that they were the proper interpreters of Black culture, "elbowing out 'real' Black Americans in the process."
_	Winborne describes Cox's, "Yo Mama" as "fine", relating the piece to, "The perpetuation of the myth that the realistically rendered white Christ is superior to all other representational approaches supports the perception that the main issue is about appearances as signs of cultural and spiritual value, whereas in reality the main concern is the power to control outcomes in one's own favor."
_	As part of joint research, the myth that a 1500 year old boab tree located near Derby, Western Australia, known as the Boab Prison Tree, Derby was used to as a place of incarceration for Aboriginal peoples was dispelled.
_	He spoke at Pugwash Conferences, and wrote a paper dispelling the myth that reactor-grade plutonium could not be used for nuclear weapons.
_	There are many versions of the history of parachico but all agree to the myth that one day a beautiful woman seeking a cure for her sick son but after visiting doctor and healers, failed to alleviate it.
_	Adrian appeared in episode 5 of the 2009 season of the Discovery Channel series, "MythBusters", to assist hosts Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman in testing the myth that it is possible to swim as fast in syrup as in water.
_	Ekkehart Malotki (born 1938) is a German-American linguist, known for his extensive work on the documentation of the Hopi language and culture, specifically for his refutation of the myth that the Hopi have no concept of time.
_	He went on to voice his support for opening up further investigations, saying "Investigations need to be re-opened, documents need to be unsealed and the idea of an open dialogue can no longer be shunned," and calling for the government to cease "putting out stories that perpetuate the myth that all UFOs can be explained away in down-to-earth conventional terms."
_	On 13 November 1974, PLO leader Yasir Arafat told the United Nations, "It pains our people greatly to witness the propagation of the myth that its homeland was a desert until it was made to bloom by the toil of foreign settlers, that it was a land without a people".
_	"Corrective information adapted from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) website significantly reduced belief in the myth that the flu vaccine can give you the flu as well as concerns about its safety.
_	He anticipated such concepts as punctuated equilibrium (in "Tempo and mode") and dispelled the myth that the evolution of the horse was a linear process culminating in the modern "Equus caballus".
_	They also criticize the psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud, arguing that his influence led to "the widespread adoption of the myth that women subconsciously desire to be raped."
_	In a letter to "The Guardian" in 1988, a scientist from Glasgow University referred to the title "A book for burning?" as "posing the question to attract attention" and criticised the "perpetuation of the myth that Maddox ever advocated the burning of Sheldrake's book".
_	Arunkumar Sekhar of "The New Indian Express" criticised the film for propagating the myth that "Humans are affected mentally during full moon day and new moon day".
_	Although the time span already decreased to less than 3 years in the early 2000s, the myth that "solar PV does not pay back the energy used to create it" seems to persists up to the present day.
_	He was also one of the seven members of the Mills Commission formed by Albert Spalding, the group that gave credence to the myth that Abner Doubleday invented baseball.
_	In his "Fabularum Liber" (or "Fabulae"), Gaius Julius Hyginus recorded the myth that Italus was a son of Penelope and Telegonus.
_	Its most notable use came in 2009 in "Driving In The Dark", which saw Imahara, Tory Belleci and temporary Build Team member Jessi Combs testing the myth that smugglers can beat checkpoints at the Canada–US border by turning off their headlights while not crashing or navigating wrongly due to lack of light.
_	Sheff, a writer for the show, has defended it as intended to dispel the myth that suicides "quietly drift off", and recalled how he himself was deterred from a suicide attempt by recalling a survivor's account of how painful and horrifying it was.
_	Since girls spend more time performing domestic duties and this increases the gap between female and male equality in rural parts of India, it perpetuates the myth that education is of no help to the girl and her primary job will be to look after the household work, get married early, have children and then raise them.
_	Prazina's own actions helped enhance the myth that was being built around him.
