_	News reports and intelligence media news began airing the news that the TTP and other Central Asian militant groups, notably the IMU, have now set up camps and reinforced hundreds of fighters to Syria to fight alongside rebels opposed to Bashar al-Assad in continuity of cementation of ties with al Qaeda, starting of July 2013.
_	The book records that she was informed two days before she died, and that Sakai was encouraged by the news that she was selected.
_	With the news that Perth would be hosting the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games, Perth City Council in 1959 launched an international competition to design its new building.
_	It was in the news that they planned on making the remake of the big-budgeted theatrically released film series based on the novel "Left Behind".
_	Culinary genius Seong-chan hears the news that world-renowned chef Jang-eun is trying to close down his childhood residence/restaurant, Chunyanggak.
_	The next morning, March 2, they were awakened near Harrisburg to receive the news that Congress had finally declared Hayes President of the United States.
_	On September 16, 1968, Orbison received the news that his home back in the US had burned down and his two eldest sons were dead.
_	In the song he gathers his friends round to "laugh and sing through the night" and he gives them the news that he "is going to be married".
_	Asked how Steve react to the news that Lloyd has slept with his mum, Charles replied: "Steve is horrified but Liz insists to Steve they have done nothing wrong and that they have a future together.
_	"Weapon" was inspired by the news that Skinny Puppy's music had been used for torture sessions at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp.
_	Moments later Amanda joyfully rushes over to tell Marc and Betty the news that they have dinner plans with Betty’s family.
_	In 2002, the magazine broke the news that John Hickenlooper, a popular local bar owner, was considering a run for mayor and later endorsed Hickenlooper, who was then elected in 2003.
_	After hearing the news that Castellano might order their executions over the unsanctioned murder, when given the chance by Sammy to leave, Mormando said, "Sammy, we'll load up.
_	Tina is living in New York when she receives the news that her mother has died in a car accident.
_	Laurence is more concerned with the news that Arkady was ferrying Tenzing Tharkay as a courier, and with what news Tharkay might have; with General Chu's help, they stage a raid on the last remaining holdout of the rebellious forces, at Blue Crane mountain, and there discover Tharkay imprisoned.
_	French was woken from his sleep again at 5 am with the news that Smith-Dorrien had decided to stand and fight at Le Cateau, as the Germans would otherwise be upon him before he had a chance to retreat.
_	Harald came back to the royal enclosure at Jelling with the news that his son Canute had been killed in an attempt to capture Dublin, Ireland.
_	On the 6th, three French cardinals arrived, François de Castelnau de Clermont, Louis de Bourbon-Vendôme, and Jean de Lorraine, and they brought the news that King Francis was opposed to Cardinal de' Medici.
_	He later said that what saved him from further injury was being woken up by his entourage to the news that John F. Kennedy had been assassinated.
_	Arvire enters with the news that Vellinus has fled to the Romans.
_	Originally comprising one battalion, the RAR expanded to two battalions in late 1943 to accommodate a rush of new recruits following the news that the 1st Battalion was being deployed overseas.
_	Between 2000 and 2006, various scandals were in the news that generated one or no subpoenas for testimony or documents.
_	The next day, Abby woke up with dirt on her clothes to hear the news that Diane's body was found in the park.
_	Less than a month removed from hosting "Tonight", Leno appeared on "The Arsenio Hall Show" on February 26, 2014, as a surprise guest to deliver the news that the revived program had been renewed by CBS Television Distribution for a second season.
_	Meanwhile, Stephen comes to terms with the news that he is now the last of his kind.
_	Clint and his brother Bo Buchanan reluctantly agree to her terms on June 18, 2008, and are shocked (and suspicious) at the news that David is their brother.
_	In 1893 he received the news that his wife had died in her native city of Marseille after an extended and painful illness.
_	Suresh refuses to go, Aparna goes alone and this is where she receives the news that she has AIDS and she must abort the child.
_	The giants follow it out to sea and the kids go back to the hotel where they find the Grace kids waiting for them with the news that the giants woke up all at the same time because they were there to kill something even worse.
_	On the day of the wedding, Doug is forced to break the news that Nev has jilted her.
_	She gives him the news that her husband will build another theatre to present grand opera, and wants Sullivan to compose an opera for the theatre.
_	In the meantime, Manickam gets the news that his mother is seriously unwell.
_	While Grave surrendered Maurice heard the news that Albert's troops were making no progress in the siege at Ostend.
_	It was telecast on the news that he played versus the Orlando Predators that same night that led him to two touchdowns in honor of his son.
_	During a later conversation with Bethany, the Metatron notes that Jesus had trouble adapting to the news that he was God's son and asked Metatron to take it back, with Metatron admitting to Bethany that he regretted placing so much responsibility on a child.
_	But before the ghost could appear they are interrupted by the news that Ramadoss has died from heart attack.
_	Kate Aurthur for "The New York Times" deemed the show a hybrid of "Ally McBeal", "Sex and the City" and "ER", writing of the news that it had become the highest-rated midseason drama in 12 years that: "When you parse its ratings, "Grey's Anatomy" underscores one of the real lessons of the current season - men will watch shows with a female lead.
_	The new device was given a worldwide launch in the city of Jakarta and came on the back of the news that Research in Motion (RIM) was to cut hardware production costs by outsourcing this to Taiwan-based Foxconn Group.
_	The Simon Wiesenthal Center welcomed the news that the Vatican has demanded that Bishop Richard Williamson recant his views denying the Holocaust before being re-admitted to the Roman Catholic Church.
_	Although he had been invested as such on 8 August 1137, a messenger gave him the news that Louis VI had died of dysentery on 1 August while Prince Louis and Eleanor were making a tour of the provinces.
_	While on a business trip to the Philippines in 2010, Dekeyser received the news that Ann-Kathrin, his wife of more than 20 years, was in a coma back in Germany.
_	Although the story centered on Hank, it allowed viewers to see another side to long running characters, when those characters reacted to the news that Hank was gay.
_	Zhang Xiaoling, on the other hand, considered the titles to be an implicit criticism of the state of rural education in China, saying, "the news that voluntary contributions have helped 15 percent of the pupils to return to school is aimed to give rise to a question: what about the remaining 85 percent?"
_	In May, Peggy turns up on Ronnie's doorstep, and the next day Sal arrives with the news that Peggy's chemotherapy is not working and she is dying.
_	This interpretation is given weight by James Knowlson who suggests that "the man [is] perhaps about to die;" it may be that all he has been waiting on is the news that his beloved is not coming so he can let go.
_	Two years later, Kunjunni comes home with the news that Kurien's house has been burgled.
_	But on returning to the Netherlands he gets the news that Nellie had died in childbirth, leaving him with two orphaned twin babies.
_	He arrives at an inn where he hears the news that the king's daughter is sick, and whoever can raise her from her bed will be given her hand in marriage.
_	Although both Whiley and Bowman moved to weekend slots on Radio 1, the news that Whiley and Bowman would leave their weekday shows led to some controversy, with BBC bosses facing allegations of being biased against older presenters, particularly as the announcement came shortly after the revelation that 30-year-old singer Alesha Dixon would replace the much older Arlene Phillips as a judge on "Strictly Come Dancing".
_	In July 1519, when Zhu Chenhao was attending a banquet in honor of his birthday, a spy arrived from Beijing with the news that high officials had been sent to arrest him, for that was what had been rumored in Beijing.
_	He eventually had to break the news that Nobuhiro would have to leave "Shōnen Jump", leading to his unemployment and eventual death.
_	While busily recruiting and arming fighters they were reached by the news that the insurgency had prematurely started.
_	Muhammed received the news that certain tribes of Banu Ghatafan were assembling at Dhat al-Riqa with suspicious purposes.
_	Huet’s return to Caen in January 1667 revitalized the academy, as did the news that the academy would be under the protection of the royal intendant for Lower Normandy, Guy Chamillart, upon Huet’s departure from Caen in October, 1667.
_	Bigeard had declared himself 'sickened' by the news that French troops had assassinated Ben M'hidi.
_	He broke the news that Steve Bannon was about to be fired, and he was the first to report that the notorious Anthony Scaramucci would step in as communications director –– a hire that roiled the White House and generated months of tabloid gossip.
_	On 18 December "Pultusk" brought to Admiral Alexander Cochrane, in at Marie-Galante the news that two of the French frigates that had captured and burned were anchored three leagues NW of the town of Basse-Terre.
_	On the next day, Mythili gets shocked to see the news that the girl whom she spotted with Madhan the previous day goes missing.
_	While in transit to Pattaya Beach in late August, however, the warship received the news that Lt. Col. William R. Higgins, USMC, kidnapped by Iranian-supported terrorists in Beirut, Lebanon, the previous February, had been murdered.
_	Wesley arrives with the news that the Council is looking for Faith.
_	After an evening with Italian hotelier Roberto Bassanini, Mardas was waiting at the hotel to break the news that Lennon was planning to sue for divorce on grounds of adultery, seek sole custody of Julian, and "send her back to Hoylake".
_	Suddenly, players and officials were hit by the news that a sudden reduction in the valuation of the Appleby Park site meant that insufficient cash would be released to repay creditors in full, and as a result, the administrators were unable to make the agreed ground-share payment of £35,000 to Whitley Bay.
_	The Byzantine emperor was preparing for an invasion of Bulgaria, when he heard the news that George Terter II had died, apparently of natural causes.
_	In 2005, Seth returned to the UK to work as a film producer, however weeks after returning she was given the news that her father had terminal cancer and only a
_	Later Ukridge returns with the news that Tupper's appeal has failed, and further upsets Corcoran by informing him that Aunt Julia now expects a visit from the writer, posing as a journalist from her favourite magazine, "Women's Sphere", sent to interview her.
_	The story begins with the Finchell Broadcasting Station telling the news that the panda family had their first baby.
_	When Hermione hears the news that Pyrrhus now means to marry Andromaque she is outraged and orders Oreste to kill Pyrrhus.
_	Shortly after Donna received the news that her daughter, Leonie, had also been diagnosed with Dilated cardiomyopathy.
_	After a week, the Sheik is delighted by the news that his close friend from his days in Paris, where he was educated, is coming for a visit.
_	On the 21st century, Fernando (Edson Celulari) receives the news that his mother Antoninha (Regina Duarte) is critically ill and nearing death.
_	Publicity generated sales and in 1901 the news that both Reginald Vanderbilt and Alfred Vanderbilt had purchased Winton automobiles boosted the company's image substantially.
_	When Eleanor heard about her husband's death, she was also faced with the news that Anna had been arranging these meetings with Mercer and that Mercer had been with Franklin when he died.
_	Havildar Manawar Khan and eight men from A Company returned with the news that Subadar Sher Khan and A Company had been completely destroyed by tanks and infantry.
_	He greeted with 'respect' the news that King Stanisław August Poniatowski had joined the Targowica Confederation, and yet to the king he wrote: 'it confounds me that this has come to pass'.
_	The German newspaper "Rigasches Stadtblätter" preserved the news that Elise Johanna Kalsing christened the Riga Cathedral at end of July 1895.
_	Some time after this, the Count returns and is told of the news that the Marquise is pregnant.
_	When he matched the description Ida's husband Frank gave him to an earlier incident, he sent an officer around to give the Barlows the news that Ida had died.
_	Bravo telegraphed the news that the war was over on May 5, 1901.
_	On his return with the news that Villeneuve had gone to Cadiz, he stopped on his way to London to see Nelson, who went with him to the Admiralty, and received his final instructions to resume the command of the fleet without delay.
_	Durham's preparations for the final were hampered by the news that Steve Harmison would be unable to play after sustaining a muscle tear in his back in a County Championship match against Surrey.
_	After the Second Siege of Vienna, he brought the news that the capital had been relieved to Emperor Leopold I.
_	Keith listens to more tapes, and they learn from the news that Sheriff Lamb has taken Terrence Cook in for questioning related to the bus crash.
_	His anger was amplified by the news that the frigate "Africaine", despatched from Rochefort with the same orders to resupply Egypt, had been captured at the Action of 19 February 1801 by the British frigate HMS "Phoebe" in the Western Mediterranean.
_	A father-and-son pair of mob bosses, Hechy (Cesar Romero) and Angie (Frankie Avalon), bring Tony the news that top mobster "God" (Groucho Marx) wants him to carry out one last job — liquidating his old pal, "Blue Chips" Packard (Mickey Rooney), before Packard can testify before the US Senate's Crime Commission.
_	Cooper was tested for compatibility, along with many other family members and friends (including fellow NBA center and good friend Patrick Ewing); during his grandmother's funeral, Mourning received the news that Jason Cooper was a match.
_	While Downing is reporting this to his superior, Adair arrives with the news that Dunster, the old boy who was visiting that weekend – and who had accidentally injured Jellicoe – has written to Adair and confessed to painting the dog red.
_	While some addicts were busy cooking the riddle, others were more single-mindedly continuing their own pursuit of the hare quite regardless of the news that it had been found.
_	During the convention, Miss Marie B. Ames, who had been in Jefferson City, Missouri for ninety-six days advocating for suffrage, returned to St. Louis with the news that the suffrage bill had passed both Houses.
_	The skirmishers thrown out on that side soon discovered my lonely presence and hustled me to Colonel Chambers with the news that no Indians were visible.
_	It was said that soon after they sent the square zun back to Changsha, they secretly spread the news that they planned to resell the square zun with the starting price of 200,000 silver dollars though cultural relic vending channels.
_	However, the arrival on 19 February of Crean, with the news that Lashly was lying with the stricken Lt. Evans at Corner Camp, meant further changes of plans.
_	The year finished with the news that Muriel was pregnant with their son Daniel.
_	A couple days later, she came back with the news that her colleague had agreed to produce the music for the song; his name was Cedric Thompson, a Grammy Award-winning producer (Heather Headley - Audience of One) Heather Headley.
_	An industry source, responding to the news that Barlow had created a music label, stated:
_	Upon returning to the States, Randy contacted Vendyl with the news that he'd found representation for his script in Hollywood.
_	Season 2003–04 saw the first team finish in 16th position in the Eastern Division but the news that everybody had been waiting for came on 10 April 2004 when Dartford Borough Council announced it would provide funding and a site for the building of a stadium in Dartford in time for the 2006–07 season.
_	Desperate and disappointed after hearing the news that Sonja (Diane Keaton), his cousin twice removed, is to wed a herring merchant, he inadvertently becomes a war hero.
_	Shortly before the outbreak of War in 1941, Koenig phoned Camp Dependable's commandant, Jefferson Pinkard, with the news that 2000 more blacks would arriving, along with an unspoken order to ensure there was sufficient room for them.
_	This was swiftly followed by the news that home grown second-rower and the 2017 Player of the Year James Bentley, had signed a 3 year deal with Super League side St. Helens.
_	After appointing a Qazi Zia-ud-Din as governor of the fortress, he received the news that Prithviraj's army, led by his vassal prince Govind Tai were on their way to besiege the fortress.
_	The Budget of March 2007 included the news that workers would receive most of their expected pensions from an improved Financial Assistance Scheme.
_	After hearing the news that the father has given his entire business fortune to some stranger, the two sons and a daughter gets completely shocked.
_	On 10 August, more information and publicity shots for the film were released through "Entertainment Weekly", with new information on Ezra Miller's character Credence Barebone and the news that Zoë Kravitz would have a role in the series.
_	In one post she wrote, "In the news that we've seen as of late, you could stand there, surrender to the cops, and still be killed."
_	An article in "The Philadelphia Inquirer" documented the news that the French had requested a set of American novels for the great library at Sorbonne.
_	Lynam is widely credited with breaking the news that Ireland was in talks with the IMF and EU to get a bailout loan in November 2010.
_	The story ends with the news that Boon and Miss Corrie have married and named their first child after Lucius.
_	The episode begins with Dipper and Wendy improvising funny dialogue over the security tape of Stan and some customers, Mabel suddenly appears (while happily dancing), ecstatically delivering the news that her favorite band, Sev'ral Timez, will be having a concert in Gravity Falls at the Gravity Falls Civic Center and Buffet.
_	Gottfried offers to help bring Franz back, but the peace is broken by the news that plundering mercenaries have attacked nearby farmsteads.
_	She too confirmed the news that she is sharing the screen along with a debutante hero.
_	However, his initial reports are somewhat downbeat as he shares the news that helmsman Tom Paris (whose conduct has become increasingly erratic through several preceding episodes) is to leave the ship permanently to join a Talaxian convoy.
_	In April 2008, after the news that Huang Fu-yuan, the Director of Taiwan Power Company (Taipower) North Branch, allegedly committed bribery by handing out NT$20 million to ensure his promotion to the position of Vice President of Taipower, Economic Affairs Minister Steve Chen for the first time admitted in the Legislative Yuan that it was Chen Chin-jun who recommended Huang and that also many people were in support of the appointment.
_	They knew about their arrival in Peru by the news that they had received from Cajamarca.
_	On 1 December 1982, the mood at a village festival was somewhat dampened by the news that an F-16 jet from Hahn Air Base had crashed.
_	However, he came back later with the news that the pilot had not been too badly injured.
_	In 1878 Van Gogh wrote to his brother Theo that he was very sad to hear the news that Daubigny had died because his work touched him very deeply, "A work that is good may not last forever, but the thought expressed by it will, and the work itself will surely survive for a very long time, and those who come later can do no more than follow in the footsteps of such predecessors and copy their example."
_	September started with the news that on loan winger Danny Williams had signed a permanent 2 Year Deal with the Bulls whilst second row loanee Jay Pitts also signed permanently for the Bulls from Hull F.C. on a 2 Year Deal.
_	The coalition was buoyed by the news that Bavaria, a former French ally, agreed to join the Sixth Coalition according to the Treaty of Ried concluded just before the Battle of Leipzig.
_	“We’re living in hard times right now between the news that seems to get crazier every day and all the uncertainty throughout society in general,” says Cooper.
_	British morale had collapsed with the news that Toussaint had taken Port-au-Prince, and Maitland decided to abandon all of St. Domingue, writing that the expedition had become such a complete disaster that withdrawal was the only sensible thing to do, even through he did not have the authority to do so.
_	When they re-emerged in early 1994 with the news that they had signed to Island Records, it was quickly followed by the announcement that Gregory had left the band, due to lack of enthusiasm, and was replaced by Darren Belk.
_	As a reaction to the news that Betts had performed these inoculations in New York, Washington immediately drew up another order, this time spelling out the punishment for any soldier caught being inoculated with smallpox:
_	In November, the 7th Armoured Division, now withdrawn from combat, received the news that it was to be transferred to the "Imperial Strategic Reserve" and would return to the United Kingdom, to spearhead the Allied invasion of Normandy.
_	In 1758, Alaungpaya got the news that the East India Company's agents had sold ammunition and arms (500 muskets) to Mon rebels.
_	The next day he arrived at Fray Bentos and received the news that Souza Aranha, after casting his cannon into the sea, had surrendered his ships to the governor of Entre Ríos.
_	These flowers were wrapped in newspaper, through which means she was able to read the news that was prohibited to her during her imprisonment.
_	On July 4, 2006, the newly published fifteenth volume of the "Saint Seiya" Japan Complete Version manga brought the news that production of had begun.
_	The junior exec, Josh, loves Steven's script, but he breaks the news that the idea is already in production at another studio—by Rob Reiner.
_	A cheaper edition (no gatefolds) with slightly updated text, whose publication was prompted by the news that the number of billionaires had plummeted to 49.
_	However, his alliance quickly unravelled amidst squabbles between his generals and other princes, the increasing restlessness of his soldiers over pay, the increasing Indian heat and arrival of the news that Marathas had organised another 100,000 men in the south to avenge their loss and rescue captured prisoners.
_	The Aurora legend started in March 1990, when "Aviation Week & Space Technology" magazine broke the news that the term "Aurora" had been inadvertently included in the 1985 U.S. budget, as an allocation of $455 million for "black aircraft production" in FY 1987.
_	However, after hearing the news that his mother was killed, he decided to lead his herd to fight Sgorr, the one responsible for Elion's death.
_	The song is heard playing in the background in the "Good Times" episode "The Big Move", Part One, at the Evanses' going-away party, where they receive the news that the Evanses' patriarch, James, had been killed in an automobile accident.
_	In early 1809 Kittoe sailed "Sabrina" to Cartagena, Colombia, bringing the news that Spain and England had signed a peace.
_	They brought the news that a French lieutenant colonel of engineers had arrived at their plantation to survey the heights opposite for a mortar battery with which to shell the rock.
_	Lord Gunthar then asks Laurana to deliver the dragonlances to the High Clerist's Tower along with the news that Sturm has been exonerated.
_	Harmony’s happy to be reunited with the group, especially Cordelia, until Angel breaks the news that Cordelia is in a coma.
_	Troilus and Pandarus then appear with the news that they have arranged for a ransom for Cressida, during a truce in the hostilities.
_	Crusher breaks the news that she is no longer a doctor on the "Enterprise" and will be facing a court martial.
_	Roderigo makes his first appearance in Act One, Scene One when, as Iago's confederate, he rouses Brabantio with the news that Desdemona has eloped with Othello.
_	It was not until the morning of August 7, that Evans was able to radio Rendova to confirm the news that Kennedy and his crew had been discovered.
_	Brooke telephoned Dill in London to find that no agreement had been made with the French and after checking called with the news that "Mr. Churchill knew nothing about the Brittany project".
_	Jeremiah Brandreth and the Pentrich revolutionaries were not at Nottingham however and the news that Oliver was a spy, did not reach Pentrich in time to stop its uprising ("q.v.").
_	The day Guido announces the news that he will lose all his money to his wife, his young lover Maggie leaves him, as she was only after his money.
_	Because the news that had reached Spain indicated that the colony was in turmoil, he was advised not to disembark at Veracruz, the usual port of entry.
_	They resented the illegal arrests and, together with the news that Cádiz was all that was left of a free Spain, finally solidified in their opposition to the Governor.
_	After hearing the news that Castellano might order their executions over the unsanctioned murder, when given the chance by Sammy to leave, DeBatt and the others all said, "Sammy, we'll load up.
_	Work was interrupted on 10 August, though, when the fleet received the news that Japan was willing to surrender.
_	It is then Gursharan gets the news that his father has suffered a heart-attack and may not live long.
_	According to Arsuzi, his father replaced the Ottoman flag with the Hashemite flag on the Antioch government house upon hearing the news that Faisal I of Iraq had entered Damascus.
_	Miramount tries to stop them, and they are interrupted by the news that Brisac has taken legal action over the matter, seizing both Lewis and Angellina.
_	His progress was stopped by the news that Kildare was plotting with O'Hanlon against his life; some colour was given to the charge by the revolt of Kildare's brother James, who seized Carlow Castle, mounted the Geraldine banner, and refused to surrender when summoned in the king's name.
_	In 1889 the Rainbow Fraternity was briefly revived at Wofford College by an alumnus who hadn't received the news that the fraternity had merged with Delta Tau Delta.
_	Among the news that Napoleon Bonaparte learned that the French Atlantic Fleet, commanded by the Minister of Marine Admiral Étienne Bruix, had entered the Mediterranean and was at Toulon, Bonaparte learned that a Spanish squadron under Admiral Mazarredo had left Cadiz and was at Cartagena.
_	On 28 February 2017, some media outlets in Bulgaria spread the news that Elena Poptodorova has been detained at the airport in Warsaw, allegedly for theft of cosmetics.
_	Theresa, for her part, is sick with radiation poisoning for months, but her first priority is to struggle out with the news that the SuperSleepless are gone.
_	At the airport to welcome his family, Roman receives the news that AX 112, with his wife and daughter onboard, had been in an accident.
_	On the October 13 episode of "Raw", during a WWE.com exclusive, Nikki interrupted Brie's interview with the news that they will face off at the event, concluding that the loser of the match would become the winner's personal assistant for one month.
_	On April 3, 2014, while performing with musical guest Joseph Arthur, Mills broke the news that David Letterman would be retiring in 2015.
_	Some versions say that Anna was poisoned by his mother or by a rejected suitor, waiting for the return of her brother, or at the news that the Pope blessed their relationship (as marriages were forbidden to the seventh degree of kinship).
_	In April 2005, director Charles Gervais heard of the news that Hugo Chávez decided to distribute one million free copies of major 17th century Spanish novel "Don Quixote de la Mancha" to Venezuelan citizens.
_	She is currently dealing with the news that Theo is autistic.
_	In 1988, Lloyd broke the news that Saddam Hussein had used chemical weapons in Halabja, killing 5,000 Kurds.
_	At the onset of the battle, at their base in Haenam, the Japanese invaders under Tōdō Takatora are confident that their planned expedition to Hansong to capture King Seonjo will meet with success, even though they remain reserved over the news that Joseon's greatest admiral, Yi Sun-sin, has been restored to his former command following the disaster at Chilcheollyang, which has reduced the Korean navy to a mere dozen battle-ready ships.
_	In April 2013, HeroesAndHeartbreakers.com broke the news that Day's Crossfire series had been optioned for television adaptation.
_	During the video's recording, Brandon posted several comments on his Twitter account, giving the news that the video was recorded during the day, and also revealing the first image from the filming of the video, depicting Williams as what appears to be a housewife, with a pink hair color.
_	Lin is sickened by the news that Modred is her half-brother.
_	They are interrupted by Parnell James, who brings them the news that Lyle Britten will be arrested for the murder of Richard Henry.
_	At the end of 2017 the art world was rocked by the news that his "Twelve Landscape Screens (1925)" catapulted him into the '$100 Million Club' by selling for $140.8 million (931.5 million yuan) at the Poly Auctions in BeiJing, China.
_	But on his arrival in Acarnania the news that Aeacides, king of Epirus, had recovered possession of his throne, induced him to turn his arms against that monarch, whom he defeated in a pitched battle.
_	The morning after Holmes comes back to his room, apparently none the wiser for following Sterndale, the vicar arrives in a panic with the news that Mortimer Tregennis has now died in the same way as his sister.
_	Roth's final collapse was precipitated by hearing the news that the playwright Ernst Toller had hanged himself in New York.
_	After being upset about everything she did under the pill, she read the news that the bio Parco, thanks to its own vandalism act, has taken on media relevance, pushing many people to care about it, and convinced that 'The only way to raise public awareness is to act as an ecoterrorist.
_	Later, Arobi arrives with the news that Lorentz has been killed by a monster living in the cauldron of a volcano and gives Brady a giant stinger he removed from the doctor's shoulder.
_	Bud delivers the news that Bud's mom, Angela, is dead.
_	On the next day, Urvashi gets shocked to see the news that the girl whom she spotted with Madhan the previous day goes missing.
_	At the news that Miles J. Berkeley, a world-famous British cryptogamist, and American botanist Moses A. Curtis had collected 6,000 species of fungi including slime molds, Minakata decided to produce an illustrated book that would cover more.
_	In 2006, Tom, and the rest of Oakdale, was rocked by the news that Emily had not only shot Paul Ryan but kidnapped and held Dusty Donovan hostage.
_	Igor proves loyal to not only the cause but to his wife, Anna (Gene Tierney), who arrives in Ottawa shortly thereafter with the news that she is pregnant.
_	He transferred to Minnesota State from Western Washington prior to his Senior season after learning the news that Western Washington opted to cancel its football program.
_	On 14 January 2011, it was announced that staff and students are celebrating the start of the new term last week after returning to the news that they had received the funding, which was announced just days before Christmas.
_	When she does, he reacts badly to the news that she is engaged to Syed and refuses to give them his blessing.
_	On returning to Agra in 1778, he received the news that the Society of Jesus, the religious order to which he belonged, had been suppressed by Pope Clement XIV.
_	Craig is repeatedly mentioned after his exit, with Jake taunting John Paul with the news that Craig is having fun and seeing girls, and Frankie claiming that Craig will not come home for Christmas because he does not want to deal with John Paul.
_	On the evening of 14 September, following the news that Bashir Gemayel had been assassinated, Prime Minister Begin, Minister for Defence Sharon and Chief of Staff Eitan agreed that the Israeli army should invade West Beirut.
_	Just over two weeks later he signed a further authorisation for 600,000 DMs after Heidemann told him that the cost of the diaries had now risen to 200,000 DMs each; Heidemann also passed on the news that there were more than 27 diaries.
_	On hearing the news that four ex-housemates were living Next Door, Glyn attempted to get into the House Next Door by climbing on the roof and therefore breaking the rules.
_	Susan returns in "Changes", surprising Harry with the news that they have a daughter, Maggie.
_	His son John wondered whether the news might be the announcement of a pony of his own, and was disappointed at first to learn that it was merely the news that Charles Darwin would soon be living at Down House.
_	In March 1949, she wrote to Sri Aurobindo and The Mother: "I received the news that I had passed First Class in the M.A. examinations and had made a record for the university...
_	When the child is four years old, Joe sees on the news that Beth has died, which lifts the legal block.
_	I was in Australia when I heard the news that the R.D.S., whose Professor James Meenan had earlier given his blessing to the Kill project, had executed a volte-face and were back in contention."
_	When Mr. Harris' will was settled, no one was prepared for the news that his debts outweighed his assets.
_	In 1821, the governor asked Austin's friend, Erasmo Seguín, to give him the news that he had been awarded a land grant and permission to settle three hundred families in Texas.
_	The disciple returned with the news that the horse had been savaged by a bear, whereupon Romedio ordered him to saddle the bear, which not only allowed this to be done but also let Romedio ride it all the way to Trento.
_	On April 11, 2018, Swan broke the news that the Speaker of the House Paul Ryan was retiring from Congress.
_	In 1991, Amy's other sister Cissie calls Vera, breaking the news that Amy suffered a fatal heart attack while playing a game of bingo.
_	On 24 September, however, the division received the news that it was to be disbanded, due to a severe manpower shortage conflicting the British Army at this stage of the war, particularly in Italy, and the division ceased to exist by late October, although it was not officially disbanded until 1 January 1945 and the 2nd Armoured Brigade survived as an independent formation, although the 18th Brigade was broken up and the men sent to bring up other units, mainly the 46th Division, which had suffered heavy casualties, up to strength.
_	This is shown numerous times such as in the movie when he didn't react to the news that his entire new cult was eliminated by Ethan, Benny and Sarah, and in The Date to end All Dates when he admitted he'd let "most of his old flock" get wiped out by the Lucrifractor two hundred years ago and was extremely willing to let
_	ITN reporter Terry Lloyd, who originally broke the news that Saddam Hussein had used chemical weapons, was killed by US forces near Basra on March 22, 2003.
_	He finds things changed here, some of them for the better, even if there's another melancholy note being struck by the news that lovely Masha, Nastya's little loyal friend, has died in the boarding house at the age of 12, of scarlet fever.
_	Then Mrs. Carpenter arrives with the news that Reilly and Sadler have killed Irene.
_	The "Tattler's" slogan, a pun on the "New York Times"' slogan, is "All the news that's fit to tattle."
_	Brawl arrives with the news that the Autobots have taken the AllSpark to Tranquility and they follow them there.
_	The next day, Finn sees on the news that the convict was a mobster named Arthur Lustig who had escaped from death row, but has now been recaptured.
_	An angel named Nathaniel approaches Naomi (Amanda Tapping) with the news that one of their freelance operatives has spotted Castiel in Houston, Texas.
_	The funeral dinner for Frederik Andersen is progress at the Varnæs house when the radio suddenly broadcasts the news that the Germans have surrendered in Denmark.
_	But, by that time, she got the news that his brother Vijaya Rama Raju died in the hands of TandrapapaRayudu.
_	Telecinco opted to have an individual presenter on all editions and a co-presenter to explain the news that was presented.
_	One day the village wakes up to the news that a Malayalam movie is going to be shot there, with superstar Ashok Raj (Mammotty) as the hero.
_	Similarly, the culture is also ill-equipped to deal with the news that a previously hyped treatment or screening procedure has been determined to be ineffective, with women advocating for the acceptance and promotion of inexpedient activities and inefficient or even sometimes harmful drugs.
_	A day later, the team also released the news that the Dutch Lotto will also sponsor the team.
_	Here she receives the news that her grandfather Rudolf is blind.
_	As noted in "Scorsese on Scorsese" by editor–interviewer Ian Christie, the news that Scorsese wanted to make a film about a failed 19th-century romance raised many eyebrows among the film fraternity; all the more when Scorsese made it clear that it was a personal project and not a studio for-hire job.
_	A Chinese boy—a student of the missionary William Scott Ament—sneaked into the Legation Quarter with the news that a rescue army of the Eight-Nation Alliance was in Tianjin away and would advance shortly to Beijing.
_	He denounces the news that he'd recently turned fifty years of age as a "dirty Communist lie" "direct from Hanoi" and that he was really 28 and would have been 22 if Joe E. Lewis hadn't "wrecked" him from drinking.
_	One evening, Marcel overhears his family discussing the news that Leo is HIV-positive.
_	Furthermore, an outbreak of disease greatly reduced the morale and number of soldiers in Zhu Ran's army, leaving him with only 5,000 men capable to do battles, who were intimidated by the news that the Wu reinforcements led by Sun Sheng (孫盛) were eliminated by Zhang He. At Jiangling County, Xiahou Shang had also built numerous pontoon bridges for his soldiers to cross the shallow waters and attack the castle.
_	Major Blossom then delivers the news that her brother is likely not coming home because the Americans encircle Vera Cruz in anticipation of bombarding it.
_	Maxwell struggled to deal with the news that Ula was pregnant but following the birth accepted a job in Hong Kong and departed in July.
_	On 9 February 1942 he broadcast the news that Japan had invaded the island, then escaped Singapore.
_	As her stage gets ready to depart Rawhide after their dinner break and mule change, the Cavalry arrives from the east with the news that four convicts escaped from Huntsville prison, held up a stagecoach that earlier had passed through Rawhide, and killed the driver, who was Sam's friend.
_	Then, Ridgeway shows up with the news that Eric has patched things up with his wife.
_	Three days after the battle, General Lambert held a council of war where, despite just receiving the news that the battery on the west bank of the river had been captured, it was concluded that despite his request for reinforcements as well as a siege train, capturing New Orleans and continuing the Louisiana campaign would be too costly and thus agreed with his officers to withdraw.
_	Marshall extended his speciality for spotting bad PR in the news that he developed over the years on "SwaK" to holding public lectures about the subject at Skeptics in the Pub meetings throughout the UK (including Liverpool, Glasgow) and skeptical conferences such as the 2013 European Skeptics Congress in Stockholm and Skeptics on the Fringe 2014.
_	As a final act of love, he cleans their home, when he is interrupted by her return, and the news that his former employer has been elected to Congress.
_	Later, as Maria dances on the roof happily because she has seen Tony and believes he went to stop the rumble, Chino brings the news that Tony has killed Bernardo.
_	After five days, the sheriff arrives with the news that Beverly took his boat out on the lake and has drowned.
_	After an 18-month absence, Irene returns to the Bay after hearing in the news that Fin had nearly drowned during a deep sea dive.
_	But soon a note from João arrives with the news that the father is unconvinced.
_	As he knows the combination to Markhams safe Boyd reluctantly accepts his offer but before they can put their plan into action Raylan shows up with the news that Markham has offered a $100,000 reward for his capture.
_	Watson, barely able to contain his own excitement, rushes into the room and stammers out the news that he heard
_	Then, in January 1762, Frederick received the news that the Empress Elizabeth of Russia had died on 5 January: "The Messalina of the North is dead.
_	At 2:00 am on 2 May Turenne was awoken to the news that Mercy was bearing down on the French encampments.
_	The frame pauses and the technician tells Detective Reese he was able to find footage on Katrina's phone camera, Detective Burquez comes in with the news that Katrina's husband has been located in a Hollywood hotel and is going to be arrested.
_	A year later he thought to soften the news that he had been arrested for drunkenness by telegraphing his father to say he was engaged to be married to Mary.
_	Many decades ago once on the day of Diwali when people were preparing for worship for the festival they got the news that their animals have run away to some unknown place.
_	Luo Xian managed to restore order and stability in Yong'an after executing one of the men who spread the news that Chengdu had fallen.
_	The BBC initially declined to report the question or name given by Hemming, but later updated its website with the news that the player was Ryan Giggs.
_	Ada is so upset by the news that she faints.
_	The troupe of entertainers are amazed and overjoyed to receive the news that the lottery ticket has won and the prize is - a castle!
_	On September 11, a total of 15 police and military security servants were waiting in front of Zumbu Thiri Court in Naypyidaw council according to the news that lawyers would perform Yellow Ribbon Movement.
_	Further reasons for the escalating desertions included the news that both Bulgaria and Romania had switched to the Allies, Josip Broz Tito's amnesty which ended on 15 September, and a demand by the Albanian communists that men volunteer for the National Liberation Front.
_	Torres and Yang operate on a runner who is admitted in orthopedics, coping with the news that he will never be able to compete in races after the extensive surgical procedure.
_	The mood of contentment is abruptly ended when La messaggera enters, bringing the news that, while gathering flowers, Euridice has received a fatal snakebite.
_	The town has a permanent court and hospital Hopitaly Vaovao Mahafaly – a Baptist mission hospital whose name means "Good News Hospital" (or, literally, "Hospital of the news that makes you happy").
_	As their relationship is taken to a new level, Brenda has to deal with the news that her family will be moving back to Minneapolis for her father's promotion in the season finale "coming Home".
_	Later, it was determined that the chants were in response to the news that al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, the mastermind of the September 11 attacks, had been killed by United States special operations forces in Abbottabad, Pakistan.
_	Your game, a killing simulator, according to the news that used to be in the Post, trained him to enjoy killing and how to kill."
_	On May 11, 1858, the city was named after the holy city of Medina, which had been in the news that year.
_	Lewis became the eleventh former USC player on the Tampa Bay roster, and when given the news that he was now a Buccaneer, said, "You mean a "Trojan" Buccaneer".
_	Hearing the news that the city was in enemy hands, John immediately rode to Rochester and arrived on 13 October.
_	He won a Pulitzer Prize for breaking the news that President Trump had asked the F.B.I. director James B. Comey for a loyalty pledge, and to close the federal investigation into his former national security adviser.
_	The arrival of the news that peace had been made in Europe put a stop to hostilities, and Suffren returned to France.
_	However, Dr. Lee Kong Chian, who was in London at the time, was so disturbed by the news that he sent a letter to the Chairman of the SHHK, Mr. Chen Liushi.
_	In June 2010, Jennifer returns to Salem after receiving the news that her grandmother, Alice Horton, is very ill and does not have much time left.
_	When Jim later announces their blast-off for Earth is set for the next day, he surprises everyone with the news that Tillamar and Alita will be joining them.
_	But when he receives a letter from Walter informing him of his intended engagement to Hella, who knows nothing of the matter, he is so shocked by the news that he decides to stay at the weather station for another season and sends the replacement team back home.
_	Upon the news that Google Earth would allow users to compare historical street scenes, Quartz (publication) likened the development to Vergara's website and oeuvre.
_	Several weeks later, while on a stopover in Thailand, she received the news that Pontifex had died after being in a car accident in London.
_	According to his wife, Evelyn, Späh was quite upset over the accusations – she later recalled that her husband was outside their home cleaning windows when he first learned that he was suspected of sabotaging the "Hindenburg," and was so shocked by the news that he almost fell off the ladder on which he was standing.
_	At his place of employment, he is given the news that because he has the least seniority, he is being laid off.
_	He informs the surprised Duke of his decision, and sends Dulcino to tell Cleona that the news that Foscari is alive is actually false.
_	With the news that the Didact is gone, Bornstellar resolves to take his place.
_	Kobayashi lived in the town of Kawai in Kitakatsuragi District, located in the northwest area of Nara Prefecture along with Tomio and Ikoma, and was arrested after he had finished his morning paper route distributing the news that the suspect would be arrested soon.
_	Following his suicide in 2010, the man's sister told the news that she read his journal which described how he feared disclosing his sexual orientation because when receiving the behavior modification treatment as a young boy, his father would give him spankings if he was given a different color "poker chip" as punishment for feminine-like behavior when playing with dolls.
_	An anal-retentive bus driver, a run-in with mobsters and Phyllis' increasing desperation to tell Grimm the news that she is pregnant with his child add further complications.
_	Of these 151 went to South Africa reinforcing the 2nd Battalion of the Northumberland Fusiliers, the remainder were part of the Malta garrison where it guarded Boer prisoners, and received the news that with the raising of the 3rd and 4th regular battalions of the Northumberland Fusiliers it was to be temporarily renamed the 5th (Militia) Battalion.
_	Moses and Winnie leave Hong Kong, however, Moses returns to Hong Kong with the news that Winnie has once again separated from her husband and found another man.
_	In late 2008, the town was hit by the news that a potato disease ("potato cyst nematode") had been found among its crops.
_	On the afternoon of 24 November the Anna Maria sailed into Table Bay with the news that the Schoonenberg was stranded on the rocks near Cape Agulhas.
_	He also brought the news that the Germans were preparing to launch a new ship from their fortified port of Kigoma.
_	He heard the news that Shōtoku Taishi died on February 22, 622.
_	However, upon learning of the news that the elder warlord has already been killed, their orders are changed.
_	Group fell 4% to close at 82 sen on the news that it was queried by the Bursa Malaysia Securities over unusual market activity in the trading of the company's shares on 8 August 2012.
_	The messengers returned later in the night with the news that it was now impossible for reinforcements to arrive in time because all of the access roads had been blocked by the Ottomans.
_	When at 6am on 26 June 1830 a messenger from London arrived at Bushy House with the news that the King was dead (so William was now King), he is said to have replied that he had 'always wished to sleep with a queen' and gone back to bed.
_	Warelwast probably relayed to the pope the news that King Henry would make no contribution to Bohemond's efforts.
_	Early in 1837, Forbes' received the news that he would be given a knighthood.
_	"The Manchester Guardian" was highly critical of US President Abraham Lincoln's conduct during the US Civil War, writing on the news that Abraham Lincoln had been assassinated:
_	In a commotion, he is shot dead by an Indianapolis police officer who is working with Father Barton after he became enraged at the news that the girl was probably dead.
_	On 7 January 1948 he received the news that he had been granted British citizenship.
_	Bran receives the news that Torrhen's Square is under assault, and urges Ser Rodrik Cassel to raise a force to defend it.
_	On 21 June 2010, Tchiroma announced the news that the wreckage of a missing plane carrying the Australian businessman Ken Talbot and the rest of the board of the mining company Sundance Resources had been found in Congo-Brazzaville following an extensive search.
_	French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius stated: "I'm terrified about the news that the terrorist group announced that it murdered Croatian hostage.
_	The crew then receives the news that conditions at Elisovo have worsened, but the crew still decides to land there due to their plane having one engine and a faulty chassis, disobeying their order.
_	As the CSI team begins to celebrate with Catherine even offering to go get them breakfast, Brass tells them the news that Holly has been shot and is in hospital with the revelation that she's not being expected to survive.
_	However, it was also during the 2014 season that the club received the news that "legendary supporter" Pat Price had died and condolences for 'the first lady of Rugby League' were received from clubs and supporters throughout the sport.
_	They were defeated in the Battle of La Tablada, in which the Mendoza leader was wounded, while in San Luis he heard the news that the Unitarians led by Juan Agustín Moyano had overthrown the governor and arrested his brothers.
_	Vasanthan's party members arrive at the hideout on hearing the news that Vasanthan had died.
_	In response to the news that the port of Boston would be closed under the Boston Port Act, an advertisement was posted at the Coffee-house on Wall-street in New York City, a noted place of resort for shipmasters and merchants, inviting merchants to meet on May 16, 1774 at the Fraunces Tavern "in order to consult on measures proper to be pursued on the present critical and important situation."
_	When all seems lost, a paperboy interrupts with the news that the real Avenger has been arrested.
_	In the Grand Final, both finalists made their way to London, where presenter Carol Vorderman revealed the news that their dishes were going to be trailed in stores across the country, thousands of tasters, thousands of votes, but only one winner.
_	Sharon refuses to let Dennis abandon his child and leaves Walford, returning briefly in February 2005 when summoned by Den's wife, Chrissie (Tracy-Ann Oberman), with the news that Den is ill.
_	The messengers returned with the news that Chaitanya had already left Sylhet for Barogharia, Nababganj.
_	However, these troops withdrew towards Nottingham on 3 December on the news that Charles Edward Stuart had entered Ashbourne, approximately 13 miles away, with 9000 men.
_	When she heard the news that her coach had been murdered she withdrew from the 1972 Olympics.
_	Sabrina received the news that her grandmother had died.
_	Burford breaks the news that the bandits, now known as the "Valahia," are attacking Tokyo and the 7th Fleet is seeking Martinez Security's help.
_	All of these guidelines are important because the press is needed to maintain a neutral viewpoint, providing the basic facts and allowing for readers to come up with their own opinions from the news that they report.
_	On his way back to Pakistan, he received the news that by common consent of all political parties and the government, he had been appointed as the Governor of West Pakistan.
_	Dublin had awoken on the morning to 14 March 1921, to the news that six IRA Volunteers, captured in an ambush at Drumcondra two months before, had been hanged.
_	The song was first performed during the concert in November 2016, and only in the middle of January Anton and Julia shared the news that they are expecting a baby boy.
_	Stoke were rocked before the start of the season by the news that Neil Franklin and George Mountford had agreed to play for Independiente Santa Fe in Colombia.
_	Archie's schemes and lies are revealed and the Mitchells are stunned by the news that Danielle is a relative, and that Archie is as evil as Ronnie always claimed.
_	All ends well when he receives the news that he has won an award in acting.
_	The news gets worse when Mr. Rath (John Bennett), to whom the studio owes money, arrives with the news that he will take over the record company if the tapes aren't found by midnight.
_	Mr. Black's servant arrives with the news that Black was seen walking through the streets and, seeing the carnage, runs away screaming for the police.
_	When Alfalfa asks Spanky what the club is about, Spanky delivers the news that he is the head of the "He-Man Woman Haters Club" and is forbidden to look, talk, walk with or send letters to girls.
_	On February 17, 1797, the appointed governor of Puerto Rico, Brigadier Ramón de Castro, received the news that Great Britain had invaded the island of Trinidad.
_	More information was revealed on 20 July, with the news that Raab would in fact work with the two broadcasters in preparing for the 2010 Contest.
_	These include Max’s affair with his son Bradley’s wife Stacey, Max's spurned wife Tanya Branning (Jo Joyner) burying him alive, before digging him back up again out of guilt; the death of Max's son Bradley Branning (Charlie Clements) by falling from the roof of Albert Square's pub The Queen Victoria; Jim suffering a stroke and Dot's subsequent struggle to care for him; and the news that Reenie has passed the BRCA2 cancer gene down through the family, resulting in Carol suffering from breast cancer in 2014 and Sonia also having the gene.
_	Admiral Croft and his wife arrive in Bath with the news that Louisa is engaged to Captain Benwick.
_	As distraction from her grief over Will's death and the news that his brother Mark has been reported missing and presumed dead, Christina sets herself the tedious and difficult task of restoring the farm.
_	Crews of aircraft celebrate the libereation of Pinsk with the prepared "liqueur", but then comes the news that Chervonenko is coming to the landing across the start.
_	After receiving the news that Leopold's army had already crossed Sava and captured Kostajnica, Gradiška and the region around the river Una, Yeğen Osman returned to Belgrade.
_	Octavia, reeling from the news that her mother killed her husband, turns all her loyalty towards Servilia, and decides to seduce her younger brother.
_	The web pages of Heckler & Koch in the USA and Germany were then provided for several days with the news that they had been the victims of a hacker attack and fake news.
_	The morale of the defenders of the Bath Position, already shaken by stories from Dutch troops fleeing to the west, was severely undermined by the news that Winkelman had surrendered; many concluded that it was useless for Zealand to continue resisting as the last remaining province.
_	Months later, Sindi brings Andrea's infant son Hugo Somers (John Turner) to Ramsay Street, and breaks the news that Toadie is Hugo's father.
_	Fawkes was sent out to investigate, and returned with the news that the tenant's widow was clearing out a nearby undercroft, directly beneath the House of Lords.
_	When he hears the news that the country's most popular singing contest will be held in his hometown, he takes part in the preliminary auditions without telling his wife Mi-ae (Ryu Hyun-kyung).
_	Shanti comes by to wish him success on his marriage with the news that she is carrying his child and moving away.
_	After being gay bashed by drunk individuals and romantically reconciling with Wade, Noah hears the news that Dre is planning to propose marriage to Wade at the Black Gay Pride beach party.
_	Controversy would come after the news that Traci Lords was underage at the time of production, the film was later re-released with her sex scene removed.
_	In 1849, when Brooke heard of the news that the Iban forces went on raiding the northern shore near the mouth of Batang Rajang, he quickly engaged the British navy fleet and arranged them at the Saribas and Lupar river mouths to challenge the returning troop of Iban from Saribas and Skrang.
_	However, while proceeding to Bazira he received the news that Abisares, the ruler of Hazara, was going to cross the Indus with his soldiers to interrupt the siege and assist Ora.
_	The next day, George visits Jerry to tell him the news that he and Susan are engaged.
_	Beatrice and Olivia recognise each other, and elate Ellena with the news that Olivia is her mother and the Countess di Bruno whom Schedoni had stabbed in jealous rage and left for dead, from which fact Ellena realises that she is actually not Schedoni’s daughter, but his niece.
_	The day of their departure arrives in July 2016, but as him and Diane are about to leave, Harry breaks the news that Ste is back on drugs so he decides to stay, whilst Diane leaves for France.
_	The upside is that Lucan becomes inmates with Griflet, and is able to give him the news that Arthur was here to rescue him.
_	Clay is crushed by the news that the job he came for has gone to “someone more qualified”, and he sees no future in coaching the girls.
_	One day he was getting married, when he was taking the "feras", he heard the news that some dacoits were looting and taking the cows of village.
_	Twelve of them were to receive the news that would enter the house of beauty to compete for a contract with Univision and $250,000.
_	On February 17, 1797, the governor of Puerto Rico, Brigadier General Ramón de Castro, received the news that England had invaded the island of Trinidad.
_	During the financial crisis of 2008-2009, Gasparino played a major role in CNBC's coverage, breaking a number of stories, including the news that the U.S. Government was going to bail out insurer AIG, as well as news of the US government's broader bailout of the financial system, the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP).
_	On May 23, 2016, the site broke the news that ESPN was in talks with Riot Games to purchase television broadcast rights for League of Legends content for approximately $500 million.
_	Eleonore, the news that she would become the new Empress did not make her happy, as she had still wished to become a nun; but in the end, she dutifully submit to the will of her parents.
_	The leader of the Mexican insurgency, José María Morelos y Pavón, who was consequently trapped in the city, heard the news that Llano was marching on Cuautla.
_	Before accepting the assignment, Jim asks his fiancée, Pat Lange (Virginia Leith) for her blessing and they wed but their honeymoon is cut short by the news that Col. Masters was killed in an automobile accident.
_	The band went quiet for about six months but returned in mid-2002 with the news that band member Holly James (her name was Holly Mallet at the time of being in Tymes 4) had left the band to go solo and pursue an acting career.
_	Years earlier, while broadcasting live from Belgrade during the NATO bombing, she broke the news that three American POWs were going to be released.
_	On April 1, 2018, Twice announced the release of their third Japanese single titled "Wake Me Up", along with the news that Twice would appear in a television commercial for ABC-Mart and Nike Air Max.
_	Following the news that Stephen was gathering support in England, the Norman nobility had gathered at Le Neubourg to discuss declaring his elder brother Theobald king.
_	The men were only persuaded to stop by the news that the Genoa garrison had decided to remain; they got back before the Austrians could seize the pass.
_	The concerts were jammed, the news that Bettina Wegner would sing, passed on from person to person.
_	They came with the news that Pope Gregory XVI had nominated Forcade Bishop of Samos and Vicar Apostolic of Japan.
_	It was during the king's stay in Barcelona that he got the news that Charles had been elected emperor of the Holy Roman Empire under the name of Charles V.
_	On 27 August, the Hyderabad police released the news that the bombs were constructed from "Neogel-90", an ammonium nitrate-based explosive used commercially in road construction.
_	He reveals to Jette that Sidonie's baby is dead, as well as the news that police officers have discovered that she never went with the boy to her husband's sister, having been seen by the park near the river.
_	On the following day at 12 noon, a telegram marked "OFFICIAL" was dispatched around the Empire, with the news that the coronation was postponed and that the King was undergoing an operation.
_	Whipple arrives with the news that the old pauper Tom Cobb was not a pauper at all, but a miser with a hoard of gold under his hearth but without any friends or relations.
_	Connor also met Black Canary (Dinah Laurel Lance), Oliver's former and longtime romantic interest, who gave him one of Oliver's old bows, which Connor would use from then on (though the news that Oliver was dead had sent Black Canary, who was already suffering from a string of misfortunes – loss of income from the destruction of her florist shop and the loss of her superhuman ability – into a despair, it was finally ended by her association with Oracle and she was Oracle's agent by the time she finally met Connor).
_	Spoletta returns with the news that Angelotti has killed himself upon discovery, and that everything is in place for Cavaradossi's execution.
_	Dawn starts to freak out at the news that she's the latest Potential Slayer.
_	This campaign reinforced the news that ulcers are a curable infection and that health can be greatly improved and money saved by disseminating information about "H. pylori".
_	In July 2017, Serena returns to Port Charles with the news that Lee Baldwin has died.
_	They realize that everyone is staring at the TV monitor behind them which is showing the news that Terry Colby has been arrested by the FBI.
_	Her friend Pisana enters in tears; she relays the news that Jacopo has been sentenced to further exile and this provokes another furious outburst from Lucrezia: "La clemenza!
_	Her mood was worsened by the news that in November 1975 her mother had died in California; Lansbury had her mother's body cremated and the ashes scattered near her own County Cork home.
_	The Archbishop Michael was so afflicted at the news that he proclaimed a fast to be observed strictly throughout his diocese for three successive days, and granted indulgences to those who observed it, he himself walking in procession before his clergy to Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin, and clothed in sackcloth and ashes.
_	Niren, upon receiving the news that reinforcements would not be arriving anytime soon, decides to take the knights to investigate the source of the aer, which he believes to be a fortress at the center of a nearby lake.
_	Though shocked by the news that Allen is alive, Cold still rejects his offer of membership.
_	Following the news that Jordan Zimmermann would miss a start, Boyd was recalled to the Tigers again on May 27.
_	Jahar now comes with the news that Bhanu has won the lottery in reality.
_	After receiving the news that Kemp would likely be out for all of June, the Dodgers meekly lost to the Brewers 6–2 to end the homestand.
_	While originally best known for its mix of internet memes and lists, the site gained new attention when it was the first to break the news that John McCain would endorse Mitt Romney in the 2012 Republican Primary.
_	On March 1, 2010, the assembled family receives the news that Melinda has died of a heart attack.
_	The announcement carried the news that the team of fifteen was making a spiritual successor to "Project Reality" on Epic Games'
_	Marsh extended his speciality for spotting bad PR in the news that he developed over the years on "SwaK" to holding public lectures about the subject at Skeptics in the Pub meetings throughout the UK, skeptical conferences such as the 2013 European Skeptics Congress in Stockholm, Sweden, and an interview on BBC Radio 4's "More or Less" programme.
_	Rhun was Owain's favourite son, and his premature death in 1146 plunged his father into a deep melancholy, from which he was only roused by the news that his forces had captured Mold castle.
_	Legend has it that Bruckner wrote the cymbal clash at the climax of this movement upon hearing the news that Wagner had died.
_	Meanwhile, the hotel guests, having learned the truth about Bird's identity and misdiagnosis, quickly begin to cast aspersions on him, but are interrupted with the news that he has died, which silences their gossip.
_	Bartholo relishes the news that Rosine is unhappy in her marriage, and they discuss the expectation that the Count will take Figaro's side in the lawsuit if Suzanne should submit to his advances.
_	Within a few hours of his death, a message attributed to the Linkous family was posted on the official Sparklehorse Web site: "It is with great sadness that we share the news that our dear friend and family member Mark Linkous took his own life today.
_	From there she sent a letter reporting that the sloop had arrived there with the news that the Turks and Mamelukes were at war in upper Egypt, with heavy casualties on both sides.
_	Leeds United enjoyed possibly their best season to date by finishing eighth, but their hopes of further achievements in the immediate future were then hit by the news that star striker John Charles would be on his way to Juventus of Italy in a transfer worth £65,000.
_	Late in the game, Koceski entered the game from the sidelines with the news that Northwestern had upset Illinois, which meant that Michigan would be the Big Ten champion and advance to the Rose Bowl with a victory over Ohio State.
_	The band posted the following message on their website; ""To all of our fans, we are sad to bring you the news that our upcoming shows in the UK are going to be our last as a band.
_	Alice returned in safety, with the news that the king had effected his escape, and a letter from him to Sir Henry, approving of her marriage with Everard, whose political opinions had been considerably influenced by recent events.
_	He spread the news that he was leaving the rohe for Tauranga so Ngati Maru would lower their guard.
_	Yet when he received the news that Marcus Lucullus and his troops had already landed in Brundisium, he turned around and faced Crassus' pursuing army for the final and decisive battle of the war.
_	Posters on the white nationalist website Stormfront used the news that the book was a fabrication as "proof" that the Holocaust itself was a fake.
_	However, reaching the quarter-finals was a sign that Williams may have been returning to form, boosted by the news that Terry Griffiths was coaching him again.
_	Also, during the hearings in December Ian receives the news that his grandfather (Ben) had died and had effectively left the control of Ballard Holdings in Ian's hand which makes him a very powerful person.
_	Hughes was ecstatic that at the news that the Canadians had won their first battle, which in his own mind validated everything he done as defense minister.
_	But then came the news that Lauda was going to make an astonishing return for the last four races of the season (it was so unexpected that Ferrari had to run three cars for Lauda, Regazzoni, and Lauda's supposed replacement Carlos Reutemann), just six weeks after his accident.
_	Zariyab is an unlucky son of a billionaire, who always kept his mental illness secret and after arranging his marriage with Hadiya, they spread the news that she is a depression patient.
_	With the new mental health clinic in full swing, the story closes with the news that, while Rex Eatapuss and his staff may have been lamentable failures in their medical careers, they are showing signs of running an excellent seafood restaurant.
_	The British were further cheered by the news that Amherst had taken Fort Carillon (after which it was renamed Fort Ticonderoga, as it is known today) and a second expedition had captured Fort Niagara.
_	In 2006, Chesney is saddened at the news that his mum has cancer, but refuses to go on a holiday with her when he finds out she has lied about the seriousness of her condition.
_	Robert Ham of "Paste" wrote, "Fortunately or unfortunately for Cults, the release of ["Static"] is going to be clouded with the news that the couple behind the music—singer/lyricist Madeline Follin and guitarist Brian Oblivion—split up last year."
_	Following Stroh's death at the hands of Rusty Beck at the end of "Major Crimes", Brenda is mentioned by Fritz to be having a hard time processing the news that her greatest nemesis is truly gone.
_	On their way back, at three days' distance from Madinah, a messenger caught up with them with the news that he carried orders from Uthman ibn Affan to the governor of Egypt.
_	The end of 2011 the band brought up the news that "March Of Ghosts" will be the band's 7th studio album and the follow-up to "Missa Atropos".
_	The Spanish officials were amazed when they heard this and the news that they were now prisoners of war, because no dispatches or mail had arrived since April 9 to enlighten them.
_	In June 2007, a group of 50 Russian scientists returned from a six-week expedition on the "Russia" with the news that the Lomonosov Ridge was linked to Russian Federation territory, supporting Russia's claim over the oil-and-gas rich triangle.
_	The month of April starts with the news that Icelandic midfielder Stefán Gíslason signs a new contract to keep him with Leuven for another season, until 2014.
_	It is interrupted by the news that Suggs has had a major stroke.
_	Colbert makes no secret of his spoofing O'Reilly: upon hearing the news that O'Reilly approved of "The Colbert Report", he declared on-air that "I like you too.
_	d upon encounter with the polytheists, i.e. minor Badr Battle in Sha‘ban, 4 A.H. Muhammed received the news that certain tribes of the Ghatafan were assembling at Dhat al-Riqa‘ with suspicious purposes.
_	Onoria brings the news that Massimo's henchman Emilio with his dying breath insisted that he was not acting on Ezio's orders.
_	Arthur hears the news that Jack has been switched to nights, which pleases Arthur as he can now spend more time with Jack's wife.
_	Two days later, Richmond attorney James Lyons wrote with the news that the president had taken a turn for the worse, remarking that "I shall not be surprised to hear by tomorrow's mail that Gen'l Harrison is no more."
_	With this announcement came the news that long-standing bassist Soto would rejoin the band after having left in late 2004.
_	A British squadron arrived off the shores of Copenhagen, but a few hours before its arrival George III received the news that the Danish government guaranteed the freedom of the former Queen.
_	Amid the goings-on, Owl mistakenly relates the news that Christopher Robin has been abducted by a monster called The Backson.
_	Pryor heard on his car radio the news that Leonard had suffered a detached retina in his left eye and the fight was off.
_	After Brendan is charged with reckless driving, Tess wonders if she will ever forgive him but Karl Kennedy (Alan Fletcher) breaks the news that Brendan is dead.
_	However, it is not long before Mrs. Muir's in-laws arrive with the news that Lucy's investment income has dried up, and they insist that Lucy move back to London with them.
_	Pep Guardiola was reportedly so upset by the news that he cried and begged Laudrup to change his mind.
_	Then she spills the news that Jamie is Tad's son.
_	Ponnusamy's daughter Subbulakshmi (Shriya Saran) is angered by the news that her father is paralyzed, so she goes after Kanthaswamy to seek revenge by pretending to be in love with him.
_	In 2013, Avlon broke the news that Republican Congresswoman Michele Bachmann was under investigation by the Office of Congressional Ethics.
_	On 23 July 2014, McNaught announced the news that she and Example were expecting a child.
_	But after serving as the Polish king for only four months, he received the news that his brother, the King of France, had died.
_	Outside the Shire, Gandalf encountered Radagast the Brown, another of the Istari, who brought the news that the Nazgûl had ridden forth and crossed the River Anduin—and a request from Saruman that Gandalf come to Isengard.
_	One releases a bird that will fly back to Newgate and give the news that (by the time it's arrived) the malefactor is dead.
_	Kovacs was also involved with local theater; a local newspaper published a photograph of him and the news that he was doing some directing for the Trenton Players Guild in early 1941.
_	Kane did not take well to the news that Dimitri had found another lover.
_	With social media, individuals tailor the news that comes to them as a means of efficiency, and share specific news to their immediate online community.
_	Groves confided to the British in 1946 that he "would not be surprised to be called to the telephone any morning to hear the news that one of the piles had gone up."
_	The last-minute takeover of the club on transfer "deadline-day" was further capped, mere minutes before the summer transfer window closed, with the news that the club had beaten Chelsea to the signing of Robinho from Real Madrid for a British record transfer fee of £32.5 million.
_	With that announcement came the news that Wickens, together with the Formula 3 Euro Series champion Roberto Merhi and DTM-sophomore Christian Vietoris, would become a part of the new Junior Team and that the three of them would drive for the Junior Team in the 2012 DTM season.
_	His induction celebration is cut short, however, by the news that the Sheriff has captured Will Stutley, one of the founding members of their band.
_	Oggy is cooking and Jack is reading a newspaper contain the news that say about a new bomb that places in the Tower of London, which is a prison at the time, and has a security secure the bomb every time with a maximum level.
_	Agnes and Ito surprise her with the news that the butcher bill has been paid.
_	The call for the general uprising was prompted by the news that Japan would surrender.
_	He captures their reactions to various frights, and for some, the news that they have attended too many Blackout events and are asked not to return.
_	In 1941 Trijang Rinpoche also received the news that his Spiritual Guide Je Phabongkhapa had died.
_	In the midst of the celebration, Miguel, Duke of Canabil, is summoned to his commander's quarters and given the news that his father, and Admiral in the Spanish Navy, has betrayed the crown of Spain by turning his fleet over to the enemy.
_	At five AM, the local sheriff, Deon Gilbeau (Barbara's high school boyfriend) rings the doorbell and breaks the news that Beverly has been found drowned.
_	In May 2016, Lloyd rang Steve to break the news that Andrea gave birth to a baby girl.
_	Suddenly guns and sirens go off, but it is not the war, it is the news that the war has ended.
_	Above the scene the angel of peace trumpets the news that civilized eighteenth-century sovereigns have accomplished their mission while avoiding war.
_	Melissa breaks the news that she is going to get married to a man named Harvey.
_	Meanwhile, Aṅgulimāla's parents hear about the news that Pasenadi is hunting an outlaw.
_	While watching it, Stewie spots a man in San Francisco on the news that has the same face and hairstyle as him.
_	When Wang heard the news that Hou had killed Xiao Gang, who had succeeded Emperor Wu after Emperor Wu's death in summer 549 (as Emperor Jianwen), he submitted a petition to Xiao Yi, asking Xiao Yi to take the throne, but Xiao Yi did not accept it.
_	Lynette and Tom break the news that she is pregnant to the kids, but their reactions are not what they expected.
_	This move came after the news that Canada lost 70,600 jobs in the month of November, the most since 1982.
_	10 months later Curtis returned to Ferndale with the news that as a recent law student, he had managed to be acquitted and have all charges wiped.
_	The station offered a "hip" alternative to the news that complimented the AOR format by running nationally produced entertaining news bites called News Blimps and locally produced tidbits called Nova Information.
_	With the news that Tiverton Town Reserves were resigning from the league for financial reasons at the end of the season, only one club would be relegated from the Premier Division.
_	This is what the viewers need to know and only the news that matters.
_	Gage had evidently decided against seizing Adams and Hancock, but Patriots initially believed otherwise, perhaps influenced by London newspapers that reached Boston with the news that the patriot leader would be hanged if he were caught.
_	Benazir goes mad when she hears the news that her husband is dead.
_	Immediately following the news that her father had survived the eviction, Daniele won her second consecutive HoH. On Day 50, Daniele won her third Power of Veto, making her the first person this season to hold both the HoH Title and Power of Veto in the same week.
_	Chrysothemis comes to tell her: two messengers have arrived with the news that Orest is dead, trampled by his own horses.
_	Jodie helps work on him and gives his friends and family the news that he is going to be fine.
_	He receives the news that his father who had emigrated to Venezuela years ago is now deceased and his widow is planning to visit Pisa and meet the family.
_	The division was withdrawn soon after to rest and refit but on 20 August, the division received the news that it was to be disbanded and the men posted to other British divisions to bring them up to strength.
_	After this news, a Private called Parkin is worried about the news that they will soon be going over the top.
_	Vanity card #463 discussed Lorre's lost or matured angst along with the news that he will stop writing the vanity cards.
_	Kendall returns on hearing the news that Ryan is gravely ill, but soon learns of his plan.
_	In February 2012, LL Social, an online marketing blog, broke the news that Pinterest was using Skimlinks to monetise content posted by its users.
_	The Portuguese fleet sailed north, then east and after a few days arrived back in Muscat where they got the news that the Turks had not yet sailed by.
_	The partners then received the news that their credit would not be extended and that a large portion of their loans were being called in.
_	In November 2012 he shared the news that French President François Hollande had named him a Chevalier of the Legion of Honour in recognition of his military service there during World War II.
_	When Sheridan calls with the news that Alistair is no longer in a coma and is more than likely in Rome, Luis sets out to murder Alistair, blaming him for Marty's death; Fancy follows.
_	In the rehearsal studio at Phantasma, Meg is unexpectedly reunited with Christine, who surprises her with the news that she was invited there to sing.
_	Nothing came of their search except the news that Eazy-E was, in fact, on his way to Cleveland for a show.
_	On 14 February 2006 one of the penguin keepers arrived at the Amazon World office with the news that one of the two eggs had hatched.
_	Meek's wife in company with a friend, returning with the news that they had found no water as yet and requesting all who were at the spring to remain there until he found a camp and returned or sent word back for them to come on.
_	Duncan later contacts Alf with the news that Roo has been involved in a car crash and is in a critical condition.
_	Carrie is alarmed by Brian's growing fascination with Early, and by Brian's nonchalant response to the news that Early has been in prison.
_	S the news that one of her best childhood friends, Manuela (Claudia Soberon), has been kidnapped, tortured and killed.
_	When she sees on the news that Fring has been killed, she makes a panicked phone call to Walt, who calmly informs her that he has "won"; she then realizes that Walt killed him.
_	On 11 October 2017, Olly Murs was confirmed as Rossdale's replacement, after being linked with the position for many weeks, along with the news that Jennifer Hudson would be returning for her second series as a coach.
_	Fully one day later, the official news agency acknowledged the news that Giap was dead and announced a national funeral.
_	The two competed to fill the position that had been vacated in January 2013 by Clayton Luckie, who had earlier announced his withdrawal from the election following the news that he was being investigated on criminal charges.
_	President Keane (Elizabeth Marvel) gets the news that the Supreme Court has rejected the dismissal of four of her Cabinet secretaries.
_	He received the news that Moreau was across the Rhine on the 26th.
_	His parents, from whom he had never before in his life been parted for so long were delighted with the news that he was married and awaiting a family, and that he had accomplished so much in Pittsburgh.
_	Their peace is shattered by dark events at the annual "Rite of Renewal" and the news that they have been named traitors to the White Flame after the shocking revelations of "The Gift", which causes them once again to flee.
_	This radio message, swiftly followed by the news that hitherto loyal party member Mrs Wolfson, the doctor's wife, was being returned to the mainland as a result of counter-revolutionary activities, resulted in dispatching of a GPU agent to investigate.
_	A deputation from the army arrives with the news that Arsinoe had Achillas killed.
_	"My family and I have received the news that I have advanced stomach cancer, and the clinical prognosis is quite grim.
_	In 2014, he heard the news that John and Marilyn are getting married and was happy for them, and John invites him to come to the wedding, but Xavier declined the invitation since he's unable to come, cause of his studies to become a police officer.
_	When the day draws closer, Ginko gets the news that Tetsuro's health is deteriorating.
_	"[Iraqis] have been waiting for justice to be executed, and I think that Iraqis have received the news that they've been waiting for, for too many years", said Iraqi Oil Minister Hussain al-Shahristani.
_	Kieran heard the news that Sean had died in July 2010 only to discover days later Sean was alive and being held captive by White Dragon (Matt Sunderland) as a lure for Kieran.
_	When he was killed, the BBC aired the news that ‘Bihar Lenin’ had been killed.
_	A local Patna daily newspaper, “Aryawart”, since closed and then owned by a Brahmin big landlord, carried the news that ‘the self-styled Lenin of Bihar killed’.
_	Aulich was advancing there when he received the news that the Austrian army had defeated the Hungarian army at Kál.
_	They resented the illegal arrests and, together with the news that Cádiz was all that was left of a free Spain, finally solidified in their opposition to the Governor.
_	The station is buzzing with the news that Kira has finally gone into labor.
_	Whilst settling his army for the winter, Antigonus heard the news that Seleucus was en route from the eastern satrapies to support Lysimachus.
_	Her producer finally locates her with the news that an important international song competition is going to take place in Germany, and she has been selected to represent her country.
_	Bruce returns to Rachel, who is distraught over the news that her father was The Reaper.
_	Malcolm later visits with the news that he and Catherine are having a baby, and he wants Karl and Susan to move to London to help him when the baby is born.
_	While on exercise northwest of Ireland, she received the news that the submarine "Walrus" had gone missing.
_	Steve, thinking that he has a scoop on his hands, calls up Canavan and dictates a story for him to write, but the news that Tony is engaged to Steve upsets the story, and Canavan is angry at Steve, and as a result, fires him.
_	In "Chuck Versus First Class", when Agent Shaw concludes that Chuck's handlers have been holding back his development as a spy, Chuck agrees, and welcomes the news that Shaw is assigning him to a solo mission.
_	The Xianfeng Emperor received the news that Canton had been occupied on 27 January 1858.
_	When we received the news that Rarotonga and the neighbouring islands were placed under your protection, we wept aloud because we were forsaken by you; we were afraid lest we should be adopted by another parent.
_	On October 6, 2016 Saeed posted the following on his Facebook page: "My heart is deeply saddened to be sharing the news that Naghmeh and I will be divorcing...
_	In 2014, on the news that the Cornish were to be recognised as a national minority, Trelawny wrote in the "Daily Telegraph":
_	Preparations for the race were overshadowed by the news that CART CEO Andrew Craig had been voted out from his position, and his duties had been temporarily taken on by Bobby Rahal.
_	Gabriel García Márquez reports in his 2002 autobiography "Vivir para contarla" ("Living to Tell The Tale") that Encarnación Roa first found out about the murder on the radio, and that when she was dyeing her best dress in black to mourn Gaitán she heard the news that her own son had been the perpetrator, an accusation she reportedly always refused to believe.
_	He was so devastated by the news that he relapsed, badly, and overdosed.
_	Wesley and Gunn return with the news that Fred escaped.
_	Later, Ashley and Laurel return from the hospital with Tootsie and break the news that Edna has died from her illness, devastating Harriet, Pearl and Sandy.
_	Alfonso XI also received the news that three powerful nobles – Juan Núñez III de Lara, Juan Alfonso de Haro and Juan Manuel, Prince of Villena – had revolted against him and were ravaging the king's own lands.
_	Assuming Danny is alive again, the Doctor interrupts her with the news that he found Gallifrey and plans to return home, wanting to spare Clara's feelings.
_	When the news that she did hear most dreadful indeed,<br>
_	Mrs. Daffy surprises Daffy with the news that she has several eggs waiting to be hatched.
_	Hearing the news that four are the friends of Sethu Madhavan, they are kidnapped by John Honai, who wants the briefcase shown in the beginning of the movie.
_	On Thursday 5 April, Ofcom released the news that it had awarded 11 new community radio licences.
_	A week before the viewing of the Top 24 performances, Dakolo received the news that his grandmother had died.
_	Daniel Coughlin, Cardinal George's recommendation and Hastert's ultimate selection, was described as a 65-year-old "gentle, soft-spoken priest," who said he was "blown away" by the news that he had been "plucked out of obscurity for the job and thrust into the middle of a political maelstrom."
_	In 1569, Akbar heard the news that his first Hindu wife was expecting a child, and that he might hope for the first of the three sons promised by Sheikh Salim Chisti, a reputed holy man who lived at Sikri.
_	Despite being photogenic and have evolved during the program, Fernanda eliminates Dayse because it was not as complete as the other girls and even surprised with the news that they would be leaving for Buenos Aires, Argentina, part of Fashion Week of Argentina.
_	Peter now makes his reappearance with the news that someone is trying to kill Lord Hugo.
_	Afterwards, five more contestants were eliminated, and the remaining 25 receive the news that the next round of the competition would take place in Thailand.
_	The novel ends with the news that on 30 September 1139, Empress Maud invaded England, establishing herself at Arundel Castle in West Sussex.
_	The Japan RFU was founded in 1926 and its place in rugby history was cemented with the news that Japan will host the 2019 World Cup.
_	Convinced it was a brain tumor, he went to a neurologist to have an MRI and while sitting nervously in the waiting room he thought, "What if you were given the news that you had a tumor and you were going to die soon?
_	Once found, the unhappy boy is cheered by the news that he will soon be getting a new baby brother or sister.
_	Hot on the heels of this news came the news that Jarcrew had disbanded.
_	His decision may have been a reaction to the news that Andrew Hannah was on his way back to Merseyside, which could have signalled McLean's drop back into the reserves but as fate would have it Hannah also chose the new club over his former employers with the result that Hannah and McLean became Liverpool's first ever back line partnership.
_	Betty is over at Edie’s house retrieving some of her mail that was accidentally delivered to Edie, when she sees on the news that the police arrested a man in Chicago for the death of a "Melanie Foster."
_	Stash and Francesca, madly in love, are thrilled by her pregnancy and the news that she is carrying twins.
_	Manchester United agreed to allow Williams to stay with the Spireites for a second month, following the news that first team goalkeeper, Carl Muggleton, was not expected to be fit for a further few weeks.
_	He also received the news that a relief army which had been sent by Baldwin was now marching northwards, so he raised the siege of Turbessel and the subsequent Battle of Shaizar proved to be indecisive and a tactical draw.
_	Cuddy goes into the hospital board meeting and gives them the news that she does not have a contract with the insurance company.
_	Soon after the arrival of Ruby Dee in New Zealand, the film was put on hold after the news that her husband Ossie Davis had died in the U.S. Dee flew back to attend the funeral.
_	That Summer, Trish returned with the news that she was pregnant.
_	In 1977 Li Iu Ling returned to Hong Kong, where he received the news that Chan Yiu-Chi's 陳耀墀 grandson, Chen Yong-fa, was hoping to leave China.
_	Bell also stresses his concerns on how audiences can influence media language styles and reconfigure the news that comes along with it.
_	During the absence of Siluete from Yugoslavia some newspapers published the news that Siluete performed at a graveyard in Nuremberg.
_	As a result, she made an extensive use of the "cadena nacional" (initially conceived as an emergency population warning) to announce the news that she considered that did not had a significant news coverage.
_	"The Independent" commented on that incident: "There is something brilliantly Kraftwerkian about the news that Florian Schneider, a founder member of the German electronic pioneers, is leaving the band to pursue a solo career.
_	After his release Ri said to the news that while under arrest he was threatened to admit false accusations and that the police threatened to hurt his wife and two children.
_	Kitty’s uncle, Rob, returns home to Baltimore with the news that he has invited Mr. Bruce to dinner.
_	The Boer generals were not unduly concerned by the news that the British had taken the kop.
_	No sooner does Monsieur Loyal leave than Valère rushes in with the news that Tartuffe has denounced Orgon for aiding and assisting a traitor by keeping the incriminating letters and that Orgon is about to be arrested.
_	The reports ended with the news that rebel leaders were heading "without let or hindrance" towards Havana to take over the government.
_	Robin flew to be at her mother's side and shared the news that she was expecting another baby.
_	Then, in November, when they come back home for their preacher's funeral, along with their cousin Oliver, Little Man and Christopher-John inform them with the news that Sissy, Clarence's girlfriend is pregnant.
_	This includes the news that Parkin's wife, thrown out by her lover, returned to their home.
_	Giri breaks down after hearing the news that Akhil is returning.
_	The error was doubly unfortunate at the time, as the King had hoped for a male heir and he also promised £1,000 to the bearer of the news that he had a son and £500 that he had a girl (Huntingdon did not receive either).
_	The extended period of time allowed the release of the news that such a resolution was to be put into vote, and Israel expressed its outrage.
_	England started the day with the news that former captain and talisman Andrew Flintoff was going to retire from Test cricket after the Ashes, Monty Panesar had been dropped in favour of Graham Onions and Steve Harmison had been left out of the squad.
_	About a year before the accident that reduced her to a permanent vegetative state, Eluana was shocked by the news that a dear friend had a motorbike accident.
_	While Cato was in service in Macedon, he received the news that his beloved brother Caepio, from whom he was nearly inseparable, was dying in Thrace.
_	Before long she sent him the news that she and her husband would be traveling Europe, and visiting Vienna, Hanski's childhood home.
_	Harry is dragged ashore near the lighthouse by Cybil, who confronts him with the news that Harry Mason died eighteen years ago in a car accident.
_	He makes them sign his contract and relays the news that they are scheduled to perform a 'practice gig' the next night at a local pub in Salford.
_	In March 2016, Alcides Nogueira was reported to part ways with Bia Corrêa, after the news that she would write most of the episodes alone, but on April, the project was postponed to 2018, after Alessandra Poggi and Angela Chaves', "Os Dias Eram Assim", that was to replace "Novo Mundo", but that was moved to the 11 pm timeslot.
_	Paramount built interest in the project by reporting the casting of each role, beginning with the news that Helen Hayes was considering it for her return to motion pictures after more than 15 years away from the film industry.
_	Faced with the news that humanity will be skitterized by the Espheni in the coming days, Tom puts the finishing touches on his escape plan with Dingaan, and then offers him a place among the 2nd Mass when they escape.
_	But with the news that Saudi supplies to Asia were less than expected, and with U.S. inventories down the most since December, and despite higher production from non-OPEC nations reducing demand for OPEC oil, Brent crude finished at $50.72 on May 11 and U.S. light crude rose more than 1 percent to $47.83.
_	In August, while Vancouver was exploring in small boats to the north, "Daedalus" arrived in Nootka Sound and dispatched the brig HMS "Venus" with the news that her Captain, Richard Hergest, and William Gooch, sent as astronomer for the expedition, had been murdered on Oahu.
_	Each week she collected the foreign newspapers discarded by the university library in order to read the news that was not being reported in German papers.
_	Dyer was the messenger who returned to Rhode Island the following February, bringing the news that the colony would return to the Williams Patent of 1643/44.
_	In June 2008 he spoke of his distress at the news that she had been named as a defence witness in a civil lawsuit brought by the Sumo Association against the tabloid magazine "Shūkan Gendai" over allegations that his father benefited from a thrown match for the championship in 1975, saying, "she will essentially be fighting against me."
_	"A Street That Rhymed At 3 AM", 1997 – Sharman’s Christmas is interrupted by the news that his ex-wife and her new family are dead following a terrorist bomb explosion.
_	Above the scene the angel of peace trumpets the news that civilized 18th-century sovereigns have accomplished their mission while avoiding war.
_	At the end of September 2014, the mother came to the news that the body was found.
_	The production's Judging panel was later completed, with the news that Ashley Knight would play Louis, with Victoria Elliot playing the role of Jordy.
_	Upon hearing the news that Zhang Shuo had been killed, Huang Zu immediately ordered Chen Jiu to block the entrance of Miankou River with two of his largest capital ships ("mengchong") covered with ox-hide at the choke point.
_	They courted and were to marry in 1969, but the marriage was called off when Rachel crashed their engagement party with the news that she was carrying Steve's child.
_	The attempt failed; ironically, the news that the south-west franchise was given to TSW Television South West was made during a commercial break during the lone showing of "Drake's Venture" in Britain.
_	Choi is alerted to the news that a man called Lee Doo-seok (Park Si-hoo) has released a book titled "I Am the Murderer", claiming responsibility for the murders that took place 17 years ago.
_	Andie was so happy to hear the news that her best friends worked out together but she was kind of upset that Zach doesn't do the usual things they do before he had a girlfriend.
_	He returns a few months later, wanting to see his son, Tommy, but Alfie has to break the news that Tommy died from cot death.
_	John Godson, who was directing the news that night remembered,
_	The next morning, the neo-Nazis hear on the news that the bomb failed to go off because the timer froze at thirteen minutes, which the rabbi explains is a mystical number in Judaism.
_	In 1887, Bertie partakes in his mother's Golden Jubilee, and the following year, is heartbroken at the news that his brother-in-law, Fritz, has died of cancer after a short reign of ninety-nine days, and is nervous about the new kaiser, his nephew, Wilhelm II.
_	In "My Girl", Aiba portrayed a young man who discovers that he has a five-year-old daughter after receiving the news that his girlfriend, who he has not seen in six years, was killed in an accident.
_	In contrast to the musical version, in the novel it is never mentioned that she is friends with Christine Daaé and the only reference she makes about Christine is when confronted with the news that Christine was singing in the opening Gala, she tells Count Phillipe de Chagny that it was impossible for her to have a "divine voice" let alone become a success, that "six months ago she sang like a rusty hinge".
_	Fritton, back in her office, is being berated by some parents over the way St Trinian's is run (the goateed man is Ronald Searle with first wife Kaye Webb on far right), when Harry bursts in with the news that Arab Boy has won the race.
_	"Ballybrando" ends with the news that Navidi is reworking the script under a new title, "Holy Mackerel", and that he hopes to film it in Ireland, yet again.
_	Once, Shivaji Maharaj, founder of the Maratha Empire got the news that 200 first-rate Arab horses along with some riches had reached Bahadurgad (in Pedgaon).
_	Donaldson said of the news that it "closed a chapter in their shared history" and "She's the last piece of the puzzle ... Having Sabi back gives some closure for the handler and the rest of us that served with her in 2008.
_	Difference broke the news that they had disbanded but were still considering as to whether to release their third and final album, "Superheroes".
_	Irritated by telephone calls from a fan seeking an interview in 1992, Marmarosa passed on the news that he had died; this led to premature obituaries being published in two British newspapers.
_	In "Classy Christmas", Michael is happy to hear the news that Toby is going to be on a leave of absence for jury duty and that Holly will be taking his place.
_	After receiving the news that Hand of the Cause Louis George Gregory had died previously on 31 July, a commemorative meeting for Gregory was held in Kampala at which Kenyan pioneers joined with those from Uganda) and twelve Africans.
_	He brought the news that although Madras was quiet, a threat of war hung over Bengal.
_	On July 10, 2018, "Wired" magazine published the news that Defense Distributed and SAF had accepted a settlement offer from the Department of State.
_	Sheriff Gilbeau drops by the house with the news that Beverly had stayed at a motel shortly before he committed suicide.
_	Skrzetuski returned to the service of Wiśniowiecki and soon met Zagłoba, who told him that Helena was alive and safe in Bar. Skrzetuski planned to go there, but he received the news that the city had been captured by Bohun.
_	The next day Japp returns with the news that Davenheim's clothes have been found in the lake and that they have arrested Lowen.
_	Hodges left the Street to allow Swindley to take his job back, but returned months later with the news that the Mission was to merge with another in Weatherfield.
_	He visits her at home and shows it to her, also giving her the news that her husband has been killed (she was living secluded and had not heard).
_	Trades Union leader Jacko Palmer fights for the rights of a black worker but struggles with the news that his own daughter, Kathie, is planning to marry a West Indian, much against his own logic and the hysterical prejudice of his wife Nell.
_	He then returns home and is given the news that he has a wife whom he married in secret, a woman named Maria José.
_	They have been waiting for justice to be executed, and I think that Iraqis have received the news that they've been waiting for too many years."
_	On May 21, 2018, a remix of “Ocean” featuring Dave Gahan was released worldwide, along with the news that it would be the lead single from a deluxe edition of Silver Eye.
_	After the baby girl, originally named Ashley, was born fourteen weeks early, Theresa shocked Gwen (who believed she was the child's biological mother) with the news that the child might be hers, and that she had no intent on giving her up no matter who the biological mother was.
_	Devon wants to wait for Neil to adjust to the news that his condition isn't treatable, only for Neil to confront them when they are on a plane trip to Chicago looking for office space for "Chancellor".
_	Clegg next stepped in for Prime Minister's Questions on 8 September 2010 following the news that Cameron's father had taken very ill.
_	The Minnesota Vikings signed Thomas on July 24, 2015, following the news that cornerback Jabari Price would be suspended for two games to start the season.
_	Peggy Mitchell Peterman (née Mitchell; ca. 1936 – August 19, 2004), an African American journalist and columnist at the "St. Petersburg Times" in St. Petersburg, Florida, United States, was known for initiating the integration of the news that had previously been on a page devoted to blacks throughout the newspaper.
_	To his horror, the film appeared to be very similar to the one he was making, prompting him to call his production office and break the news that he was canceling the project, believing the film they were going to shoot "had already been made."
_	At the same time, David Buchan made an attempt to sail directly to the North Pole from Britain (Barrow was a believer in the Open Polar Sea hypothesis), but returned only with the news that the pack ice north of Spitsbergen was a barrier which could not be breached.
_	The police then arrive, and reveal the news that Bex also had topless selfies of herself on her phone, which though she had deleted and not shared, were backed up to the cloud.
_	A man bursts in with the news that lunatics have escaped from the asylum.
_	On hearing the news that money is gone, Rajavelu becomes mad really who was acting till days.
_	She described how the news that her condition was incurable was broken to her:
_	They are interrupted by the news that Reg and his wife have been killed in a road accident.
_	While he was at Powick, someone, came in all haste from Worcester with the news that Byron's men were mounting and preparing to set off.
_	When she heard the news that a persecution was approaching Sr. Amandine said: "I pray God, not to save the martyrs, but to fortify them."
_	The Mountstuart Elphinstone brought the news that the unpopular Lieutenant-Governor George Arthur, was ordered to return to London.
_	In 1929, Stalin repeated accusations against him at the ECCI Presidium and in May 1929 the Comintern sent an open letter to the American Communist Party relaying the news that the "Pepper case" would shortly be submitted to the disciplinary International Control Commission (ICC) of the Comintern
_	With the announcement of the live-action film adaptation of "Onikakushi-hen" came the news that over 500,000 copies of the games have been sold.
_	On October 31, "CBS Atlanta" posted the news that Atlanta police are warning residents that there would be a simulated gun battle inside the mall area during the filming on Thursday, November 1.
_	Before beginning her live performance, she said to the audience: "Tonight I want you to stand up on your feet, I want you to feel the love that's growing inside of me", giving a hint about the news that she had alluded to on the black carpet.
_	As the Spanish Civil War began in 1936, the Iron Guard, like much of the Romanian public opinion, saw it in a simple dichotomy: a fight between atheistic communism and Christianity, this point being made stronger by the news that some groups on the Republican side systemetically persecuted members of the Catholic clergy and destroyed churches.
_	Late November 2012 brought the news that MTV had decided not to go forward with a second season of the series.
_	While there, he received the news that Margaret, the widow of Sir Robert Brown, had died and left him a life interest in an estate worth £1,500 per year.
_	This segment was used to satirically portray the news that was coming out of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
_	Gu, Leing and Laxman receive the news that Bharat is still alive but has lost his memory.
_	This defeat was followed up by the news that young second-row Tom Olbison had signed a new 2-year deal at the club keeping him until 2015, however the good news was short lived after it was announced that homegrown second-row Elliott Whitehead had handed in a transfer request as he wishes to play at a top 4 side.
_	The weather of the 1996 winter was not kind to the contractors but extra urgency was provided by the news that the stadium was to be opened by the Queen.
_	When they are watching the news that night, Ruby appears on TV giving a quick wave to the camera.
_	The Russian newspapers and authorities made the outmost of the capture spreading the news that "Venus" had hauled down her colours to the 22-gun cutter "Merkuriy".
_	On the other hand, Park-ha is shocked by the news that her new friend who calls himself the Crown Prince is, in fact, the grandson of the CEO.
_	With the news that Mansfeld would not be supporting him, Christian's army began a steady retreat toward the safety of the Dutch border.
_	Shortly after the news that the Bobcats would get the Hornets name back, at halftime of a December 21, 2013, game between the Bobcats and the Utah Jazz, Hugo was announced to return as the Charlotte Hornets' new mascot for the 2014–15 NBA season.
_	When the raven brought back the news that Coronis has been unfaithful to him, Apollo scorched the raven in his fury, turning the animal's feathers black.
_	After this gig Frazer broke the news that he wouldn't be doing any more gigs.
_	The Massachusetts Convention of Towns (September 22–29, 1768) was an extralegal assembly held in Boston in response to the news that British troops would soon be arriving to crack down on anti-British rioting.
_	Marla feared that Cooper ruined her chances with Scott when he spilled the news that she liked him during a visit to "Dave's".
_	They are joined by their half sister, Annie Cook, who they treat disdainfully, and who shares the news that she is expecting a package before leaving to pick it up.
_	While there, he received the news that the Hungarian Army had been engaged in battle at Pákozd, and patriotic fervour gripped the town.
_	So I was always terrifed that when I was reading the news that I was going to laugh."
_	Ramiro interrupts, arriving from Milan with the news that Count Belfiore is wanted for the murder of Marchioness Violante Onesti.
_	7 News7 the news that time.
_	Previn is initially enthusiastic as a guest, but he is perplexed by the news that he will not, after all, be conducting Yehudi Menuhin in Mendelssohn's Violin Concerto, but Edvard Grieg's A minor Piano Concerto with Eric as piano soloist:
_	Wisdom wrote a book on the subject, founded FESLIM (Fetish Slaves Liberation Movement), and was instrumental in some of the earliest liberations, but it was his bold public statements reported in the news that pricked the national consciousness.
_	They are about to sell their farm, after getting the news that their boy was killed in action.
_	Later that day, A&M called him with the news that "Journey" had entered the UK charts at No. 1, the label's first to do so.
_	At the beginning of the novel, Sunna sees in the news that Arndís Théodórsdóttir has gone missing.
_	Skeets tells Superman the news that Lois Lane and Jon were killed by soldiers in the Middle East while attempting to free General Lane.
_	Although it was believed that Glay took a break as a group to take a rest, it was later reported in the news that the band had split from their former agency, Unlimited Group.
_	However, when she was in Moscow, she learned the news that Zehra had died, and with collapsed morale, she immediately returned to Turkey, isolating herself from social activities for some time.
_	"Bitter Wormwood", yet again brought out the human cost (effect on human lives) which was involved behind all the news that made the political headlines from the North-East.
_	In 1996, confidence in the political and criminal justice systems was shaken by the news that one Marc Dutroux and his accomplices had kidnapped, tortured, and murdered young girls.
_	The band began to tour for the album shortly after it was released in 2004, but were set back again by the news that John Slater could not perform a large section of the tour.
_	Further resentment could be inflamed with the news that almost USD9 billion dollars of Iraqi oil revenue is missing from a fund set up to reconstruct Iraq.
_	There are a number of incidents reported in the news that involve use of Knightsbridge University degrees.
_	They start a relationship but Damon breaks the news that Dirk has died.
_	Delays by the London Missionary Society in sending Morrison assistance led to Olyphant writing to the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions (ABCFM) with the news that his ship "Roman" would be departing for Canton in December 1829, and "if a missionary could be sent out in her, the passage should be free."
_	The Airport Manager is S.R. Khan (Arshad Warsi), intoxicated and belligerent at most times, gets to meet his former sweetheart, Gulab Khan (Mahima Chaudhry), in the company of her husband; his wise-cracking Sikh Assistant, Ram Saran Dubey (Jaspal Bhatti), whose mother is a Sardarni, while his dad is from Bihar; An estranged father, Sunil Wadhwa (Sachin Khedekar), and his wife try to pacify their daughter into accepting their imminent separation; while Italian Siddharth (Parvin Dabas) has only a few hours to make up his mind who he wants to marry, Anita Ahuja or Manju Narang, who both happen to be cousins, and both aggressively want to be his wife; The Pilot Captain Vikram Sinha (Rohit Roy) is shattered when he gets the news that his affair with air-hostess, Rahul (Shravan), has resulted in a much avoidable pregnancy; and Internet lovers Farha and Rahul finally meet - only to come to face with reality as Farha's father does not approve of her affair with Rahul, and does not want her to come home.
_	In 2013, Kefah Mokbel featured on BBC world news regarding the news that actress Angelina Jolie had preventative double mastectomy after finding that she is a BRCA1 gene carrier He was depicted by Silas Carson in the BBC drama "The C Word", about his real-life patient Lisa Lynch.
_	Just as the Martins run out of money and decide to return to Kansas, prospectors Rische and Hook show up with the news that they have struck it rich, not with gold but with silver, and Yates has a third share of it.
_	However, at the news that Finland might be forced to cede its territory or sovereignty, public opinion in France and Britain, already favorable to Finland, swung in favor of intervention.
_	Borussia Dortmund were also boosted before kick-off by the news that Stefan Reuter had passed a late fitness test on his injured back.
_	The Holstein commander then enters to seek the Commandant, and offers the news that the Thirty Years'
_	Later, Nâdiya's official website was updated with the news that Nâdiya would release a new studio album on December 1, 2008.
_	A crater on Mars discovered in the late 1970s was named after Corby, in reference to a famous transcript of a conversation in June 1969 between the crew of the Apollo 11 mission and mission control, whereby world news was relayed to the crew, amongst it was the news that "in Corby, an Irishman named John Coyle won the World's Porridge Eating Championship by consuming 23 bowls of instant oatmeal in 10 minutes".
_	He arrives to relay the news that the family is to change its name to Windsor and that the Tsar of Russia has abdicated and is to be exiled in Britain by the Bolshevik revolutionaries.
_	At Toulon he received the news that an investigating commission had concluded that he was to blame for the so-called "Brest affair", the failure of the attempt in the summer of 1782 to form a combined Spanish-French-Dutch fleet in the English Channel.
_	Till one day Gurianna comes over with the news that Bendek is ill and wishes to see Odin.
_	Beatty received the news that Warrender had sighted the ships and assumed that the battlecruisers would be following on behind the lighter vessels.
_	12 January 1555, shortly after Shimun VIII Yohannan Sulaqa's murder, the Franciscan friar Ambrose Buttigeg wrote to Pope Julius III with the news that 'Shemon Bar Mama' was still alive:
_	On his return to Cape Town, Frere found that his achievement had been eclipsed—first by 1 June 1879 death of Napoleon Eugene, Prince Imperial in Zululand, and then by the news that the government of the Transvaal and Natal, together with the high commissionership in the eastern part of South Africa, had been transferred from him to Sir Garnet Wolseley.
_	Elain enters with the news that Popeye is missing and thus cannot fix the dress, but she has brought a Mardi Gras mask that Carnelle can use to hide the poor alteration.
_	Nikita who is helping Khanna now, goes to the train station and sees Aakash and the news that the bomb threat was a hoax.
_	While in Tokyo meeting with Asia-Pacific partners in an attempt to keep the firm together, Berardino received the news that the U.S. Justice Department was likely to indict the firm.
_	At about 6:10 pm he was awakened with the news that Paulhan had begun his attempt, and he decided to set off in pursuit.
_	He had received the news that his mother was admitted in the hospital for a mild stroke, but he continued to play.
_	Boyle sailed to communicate the news that the French had put to sea to Lord Nelson, who was lying at anchor north of Sardinia.
_	Hitler's suicide attempt in the "Führerbunker" is interrupted by the news that a secret military research project has succeeded in creating "übermenschen" ("Übers") – enhanced humans with extreme strength and durability, combined with the ability to generate a destructive energy field known as a "disruption halo".
_	When the now-threesome arrive in Oakland, they are met with the news that Lucky's cousin, with whom he had been working on recording music, has been killed.
_	No sooner has he made this clear to her, however, than King Tassile brings the news that the people of Oxidraca, who seemed to have been finally conquered, are staging a revolt.
_	Its soldiers were awakened by the news that the neighbouring camp was ignited, and some of them rushed to help the Numidians without arms, thinking that the flames were the result of an accident.
_	During the summer of 2006, Fox News announced that the network would cease production of "Dayside", in addition to the news that Fox Broadcasting was planning to produce a new breakfast television show for syndication, beginning with television stations owned by the Fox Television Stations Group.
_	Even with the news that new buildings were on the way, the school was still considered to be underperforming.
_	Guenter is satisfied at the news that Fry and Leela are here voluntarily, but the Planet Express crew are not.
_	While trying to check where it's coming from, she sees on the news that she was found dead after an animal attack.
_	Blodwen anxiously waits for news of Sir Hywel, but Iolo arrives with the news that the Welsh have been vanquished, and that Sir Hywel is now a prisoner.
_	Various mountaineers confirmed in 2017 the news that the rocks of Everest had been altered.
_	The Yeats' returned from their honeymoon to the news that Winifred had had a stroke and was seriously ill.
_	The third installment sees Gratton become the head of a media company and play an active role in manipulating the news that his media empire puts out.
_	At their much-anticipated wedding, just before saying "I do" Sam and Diane receive the news that the publisher will give Diane a large advance to finish her book.
_	The "New York Times" carried the news that "Gladden, nationally known Congregational minister" had died.
_	When V.K. sees on the news that Mohit has lost his job, he visits Mayera's office to see if it is true.
_	On February 24, 2007, the residents of Kathikas awoke to the news that two of the locals had been murdered.
_	Upon hearing the news that Lennon had been murdered on 8 December 1980, Shotton visited Harrison at Friar Park, Harrison's home.
_	In reaction to the news that the Facebook application was in legal jeopardy, two groups made a "SCRABULOUS" music video spoof of the Fergie song "Glamorous."
_	Instead, it "fulfilled the objective of keeping in limelight the name of the singer on hold for the news that would occur the following year."
_	Another problem arose after the news that Spain had revolted against Napoleon was known in Denmark, and the Spanish troops had to be disarmed and interned.
_	On the night of the wedding Ted arrives at Robin's apartment to pick her up, but just before they leave Robin receives a phone call from her producer offering her the opportunity to anchor the news that evening.
_	The messengers returned later in the night with the news that it was now impossible for reinforcements to arrive in time because all of the access roads had been blocked by the Ottomans.
_	Evadne then brings the news that Calkas has defected to the Greek side.
_	Troilus comes in with the news that Antenor has been captured, and that he must be retrieved by any means necessary.
_	In April 2012, Techcrunch broke the news that Angel Investors JMES were partnering with S&P Real Estate to develop a tech-hub called Factory - an office building developed on the site of the former Oswald Brauerei in Berlin’s central Mitte.
_	Upon the news that Raynor intends to seek public office, she names Kessler to be her successor as the Director of the CIA.
_	Carrie gets an urgent call from Maggie (Amy Hargreaves) who relays the news that their father Frank died of a massive stroke.
_	After the case is solved, Don breaks the news that the request was approved.
_	Once the ladies are alone, Drink gives them the remainder of the mail, which includes the news that Eugénie's brother Sir Charles, an officer in the army, has been in a duel with his Colonel; the Colonel lost after being disarmed, but is now trying to have Charles assassinated.
_	After recording some demos and playing live for six months the three-piece were due to release an e.p towards the end of 2006 but were hampered by the news that their drummer had to return to the U.S delaying the release.
_	However, Simon decides he wants to be a father to his son and convinces Cindy to leave Ian, devastating him with the news that Steven is not his son and a feud erupts when he realises Simon is the father.
_	Fisher's 2010 season began with the news that her longtime agent was resigning his position with her team to start a talent agency.
_	In 1977, Li returned to Hong Kong where he received the news that Chan Yiu Chi's 陳耀墀 grandson, Chen Yong-fa, was hoping to leave China.
_	Fearing outburst and reactions from other princes of Ahom Dynasty, he spread the news that he had dug the ancestral tombs to recover their bones and other remains, to take them to Ganges, for spiritual and religious purpose.
_	Duppigheim residents jokingly stated "who will tell the guys in Duttlenheim?" upon the news that the stadium named after Wenger would be in Duppigheim.
_	But with Rolando suddenly called away to the Senate by the news that Barbarossa's troops are on the move, Arrigo and Lida are left alone.
_	Exhausted and deflated by the news that his wife had suffered a miscarriage meant that the final against Steve Davis was one-sided with Davis winning 18–6.
_	Mrs. Deane has come to visit the dying Peter with the news that Mary is dead.
_	At this point longboats full of armed French sailors arrived with the news that du Fresne and the sailors had been killed.
_	The Jews, meanwhile, are celebrating Esther's accession as Queen of Persia but their happiness turns to mourning when they hear the news that the slaughter of all Jews has been ordered.
_	In January 2012, on the news that Google had violated its own quality guidelines, Cutts defended the downgraded PageRank of the Google Chrome homepage results, noting that it was not given special dispensation.
_	Rumors about the emerging hostilities with "the infidels" were greeted with joy, and the news that there was to be no raiding after all was explosive in itself.
_	Not even the news that Chantelle has been arrested is enough to reassure her.
_	Junior compares his death to the deaths of Johnny Boy Soprano and Jackie Aprile Sr. who also died of cancer, and the news that Bobby Sr. also has cancer.
_	The review took place in September 1985 and with it came the news that AR Kits was about to release a WHX Wheat Hopper and CH Coal Hopper.
_	At the final draft of the original agreed speech, which would be named the "Prog speech" ("Prog" being short for the Progressive Federal Party, then in opposition), and which would have recognized black human dignity, eradicated all forms of discrimination, and created equal opportunities, the nature of the speech, in conjunction with the news that a US bank was threatening to call in its loan, made Botha feel that he was being forced to capitulate to the revolutionary movements.
_	He gave his inside view of the chaos affecting the county as Pat Spillane peered down his nose over O'Hara's right shoulder, baffled at the news that a county like Sligo could be in an even worse state than Kerry.
_	As an example of how powerful King Redbad still was at the end of his life, the news that he was engaged in assembling an army was enough to fill France with fear and trembling.
_	On August 23, 2017, the Department of Public Services released the news that the 93-year-old bridge would be replaced rather than repaired.
_	On May 4, 2010, Bauman receives the news that he was chosen by Sergio Batista as one of the 16 players sparring of the Argentina for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa.
_	On that day, Lucien Buysse received the news that his daughter had died.
_	He also gets the news that he has been replaced by Caitlin as the film club president.
_	He telephoned Reynaud – they were cut off during the conversation and had to resume later – with the news that the British had agreed.
_	Affected by the recent loss of another of their sisters, and frightened by the news that the military had reached the area of Copiapo, Justa, Lucía and Luciana committed suicide by hanging themselves from a rock (along with their two dogs).
_	After flirting with Mickey's wife, best pal Bob Sanders breaks the news that she's pregnant, which makes Mickey try harder to win her back.
_	She comes to Michel with the news that his mother is dying.
_	On May 10, Shen wrote that he was excited about the news that Yan Mingfu had expressed an interest in holding a dialogue with the students.
_	Brynhild, who had been feeling that she was "too aloof for life," gains a new sense of confidence and self-assurance from her brief affair, and the novel closes with the news that she is with child.
_	Faced with stiffening defences and the news that the Eighth Army had reached Medenine, only a few kilometres from the Mareth Line, Rommel decided to call off the attack and withdraw on the night of 22 February 1943 to support the Mareth defences, hoping that the Kasserine attack had caused enough damage to deter any offensive action from the west for the moment.
_	During the banquet Asquith and Lloyd George are called back to Downing Street to receive the news that is to prove to be the catalyst for the start of the First World War.
_	Meanwhile, Susan's father delivers the news that Susan is pregnant; he expects Joe immediately to stop seeing Alice, marry Susan and come to work for him as an executive.
_	The stream of transfers is interrupted by the news that wingback Günther Vanaudenaerde has fractured his tibia during the friendly against Heerenveen and will be out for at least three months.
_	In covering the investigation of the president, Pelley broke the news that Monica Lewinsky had become a cooperating witness in the investigation conducted by the Office of Independent Counsel.
_	Tamizhselvan receives the news that Anandan has died.
_	In 1833, at Macquarie Harbour, Maurice Frere has come to deliver to Captain Vickers the news that the settlement at Macquarie Harbour is to be abandoned and the convicts to be moved to Port Arthur.
_	It seldom has the news that some college students discontinue studies because of lacking of tuition or living cost.
_	In an unpublished manuscript titled "When They Kill a President", Deputy Sheriff Roger Craig stated that when he heard the news that Tippit had been shot, he noted that the time was 1:06 pm.
_	In January, 2013, Four Pins broke the news that the streetwear clothing line of Kanye West's creative director Virgil Abloh had screenprinted blank flannel shirts made by the Rugby Ralph Lauren brand and re-sold them for 700% mark-up, suggesting that some stores had marketed the shirts by photoshopping the Rugby tags out of the images on their online stores.
_	In 1931, roused by the news that the historic Powel House was to be demolished in six weeks, Frances Anne Wister and Sophia Cadwalader and a group of strong supporters (including famous names like Biddle, Barnes, Curtis and Lippincott) founded Landmarks to save the house.
_	Upon hearing the news that Liu Zhiyuan had declared himself emperor, Liao's Emperor Taizong initially stationed several generals to prepare to impede him.
_	From the moment the networks broadcast the news that the first plane hit the North Tower of the World Trade Center, all programs and commercials were suspended, with all four networks broadcasting uninterrupted news coverage.
_	The most astounded of all at the news that both Hannibal and Publius were in Italy, when they were believed to be in Spain, were the Roman Senate and People.
_	Two years later, Harold returns to Ramsay Street after receiving a call for help from Toadie, who is dealing with the news that his girlfriend Sonya Mitchell (Eve Morey) is the mother of his adopted son, Callum (Morgan Baker).
_	Less than two weeks before Election Day, Fuse broke the news that Republican candidate for United States Senate Dino Rossi received $4.5 million in support from outside groups that did not disclose their donors, the most of any candidate in the country.
_	During a tour of England and playing Bournemouth on Saturday, September 14, 1968, he received the news that his home in Hendersonville, Tennessee, had burned down, and his two eldest sons had died.
_	With just seven games left on the Championship calendar, Aston Villa striker Marlon Harewood was loaned for the run-in, though the team were also hit by the news that key midfielder Michael Kightly would miss the remainder of the season after suffering a broken metatarsal in his foot.
_	He replaced the dramatic full stop with a question mark by revealing in the last scene that the 'inspector' who has exposed the complicity of a prosperous industrial family in the murder or suicide of a working-class girl, is not an inspector at all (perhaps a practical joker, an emanation of the world to come, or a manifestation of the world to come), and the curtain falls on the news that a real girl has died and a real inspector is on the way.
_	In April 2013, HeroesAndHeartbreakers.com broke the news that Day's Crossfire series had been optioned for television adaptation.
_	Another telegram arrives with the news that three actual executives were delayed by a storm.
_	They intend to enter the Rutulians' camp by night, slaughter men, take plunder, make their way on to Pallanteum, where Aeneas has been waylaid, and bring him the news that the Rutulians have attacked the Trojan camp.
_	The judges went directly to the performers' home area and gave them the news that they were going straight to the live shows so they would not have to make the journey to Judgment Week.
_	Bilal, a sweet-natured dreamer, is distressed by the news that Malik is to marry and confronts Malik, who is devastated when Bilal tells him that he must leave, that he cannot continue as Malik's servant.
_	Amy is saddened by the news that he is leaving.
_	President Barack Obama cautiously welcomed the news that the leak had been stopped, though stressing, "it is important we don't get ahead of ourselves".
_	Immediately afterwards he received the news that the job with Scott Moncrieff had fallen through.
_	At midnight, the unit brought the news that Vira Pandya was at Kannanur.
_	Squabbler and Rufus bring Melbourne the news that Thamesa is about to die, a victim of the plague (News of Thamesa's Imminent Demise).
_	When the news that yeomen could become knights in Greece reached Western Europe, a new wave of adventurers arrived from Italy, France or Spain.
_	Shortly following the announcement of her resignation was the news that her division, Gas and Power, would be absorbed into the new management structure being promoted by new Chief Executive Peter Voser.
_	In December 1986 the club received the news that Asda wanted to purchase Muirton Park and the adjoining ice rink to build a supermarket on the site.
_	The succession to the Duchy was complicated by the news that Alfred himself had cancer of the throat, too advanced for any treatment.
_	Then Gopi came to know in the news that he is framed as the kinpin of the attack and PMO issues an arrest warrant to police.
_	Also, while en route, the ships received the news that President Harry S. Truman had declared 8 May 1945 as "V-E Day", marking the victorious conclusion of the war with Germany.
_	Spencer and Jade also had a friendship in the house, and she was greatly upset at the news that Spencer had been evicted from the house.
_	In the meantime, Sugihara’s father has been depressed by the news that his younger brother died in North Korea.
_	With that announcement came the news that Roberto Merhi, together with the reigning Formula Renault 3.5 Series champion Robert Wickens and DTM-sophomore Christian Vietoris, would become a part of the new Junior Team and that the three of them would drive for the Junior Team in the 2012 DTM season.
_	On 17 August 2010, Abysmal Torment received the news that former drummer Wayne Vella died in an accident at his place of work.
_	When he heard the news that Itō had died, he made the sign of the cross in gratitude.
_	Riccardo brings the news that Arturo is now a fugitive who has been condemned to death by Parliament for allowing Enrichetta to escape.
_	Emma approaches Harriet with the news that she and Alex are now together.
_	Following the civil war, the Sunnis have complained of supposed discrimination by Iraq's Shia majority government, which is bolstered by the news that Sunni detainees were allegedly discovered to have been tortured in a compound used by government forces on November 15, 2005.
_	Legge's time at the paper was notable for the "Sunday Independent" in 1948 leaking the news that the Irish government were going to leave the British Commonwealth by repealing the External Relations Act.
_	The Argive widows travel to Thebes to bury their dead relatives but receive the news that Creon has denied them burial; the women travel to Athens to ask Theseus to help them.
_	The "Britannia" capsized, and a second boat was launched, returning with the news that the "Britannia" was lost with all lives.
_	Kevin finally convinces him with the news that Minelli had their grandmother killed and that he will wear the costume Darryl designed for him.
_	Michelle, who was not summoned to the ballroom, is delivered the news that she won the week's Leading Lady.
_	15 years later, David phones Harold with the news that he and his family are moving to Erinsborough after he lands a job with an old school friend, Thomas Morgan.
_	With the news that the Vicksburg, Shreveport & Pacific Railroad would be built in the vicinity, Russ was persuaded to donate more than 600 acres of his land for a town to be built around the depot.
_	On July 15, 2013, he was suspended following the news that he tested positive for EPO during the Tour d'Algérie in March.
_	Soon after this happened, he received the news that his father had died.
_	Esther and the Jewish people are giving thanks to God for Esther becoming Queen when Mordecai brings the news that the royal order has been given for the Jews' extermination and their happiness turns to mourning.
_	The corrupt officials of a small Russian town, headed by the Mayor, react with terror to the news that an incognito inspector (the "revizor") will soon be arriving in their town to investigate them.
_	When Bekim got the news that Shala was dying, he went with several soldiers to the frontline and launched hit-and-run attacks against Yugoslav vehicles that had reached the southern part of Junik.
_	By Series Three, this song was a regular feature and either addressed a topic in the news that week, or something which has happened in AIOTM.
_	On November 28 the Spanish schooner "Monserrate" arrived in Puerto Rico from Macao with the news that the supply aid requested by Ramírez would soon reach Montes.
_	Laughing, Gudrun taunts him with the news that his funeral pyre has already been kindled.
_	Her husband wrote in his memoirs: "when my wife heard the news that her son would return no more, a brain stroke affecting the movements of her hands descended on her, and ever after, until her death twenty-five years later, affected her [...] despite this affliction, she gallantly continued to play her usual active part in public".
_	Em returns to New York to find that the man is Nikki Howard's brother, Steven, bringing her the news that their mother has gone missing.
_	While recording he received the news that Daniel Brühl was to play Salvador Puig Antich in "Salvador", to the detriment of his own candidacy.
_	After surviving a storm, the Korean fleet had anchored off Tanpo, where a local man appeared on the beach with the news that the Japanese fleet had just entered the narrow strait of Gyeonnaeryang that divided Koje island.
_	The death of Theseus is announced with the news that his succession is in dispute.
_	On 14 December, hours before the FA Trophy tie away at Eastwood Town, the club received the news that their goalkeeper Dale Roberts had died.
_	Shares of Chipotle's stock stumbled more than 10% on this news and also the news that customers had posted videos of mice skittering through a Chipotle restaurant in Dallas just a few days before the norovirus incident was reported.
_	Bloggers quickly reported the news that the debates still existed and that the screening had received an eager audience.
_	"I don't accept the news that it was used by Jesus or his family," and "The documentary filmmakers are using it to sell their film." he told the BBC News website.
_	This also came with the news that the club had moved into their new ground at Leigh Sports Village.
_	On 3 July 2008, Harrogate Town released the news that Provett had signed for them.
_	Friends of Oliver was founded by Chris Bedford-Gay after receiving the news that his son Oliver had been diagnosed with FOP.
_	Pandarus then enters to tell the news that Greek soldiers are on his grounds, and that Troilus must hide.
_	With potential disaster averted in Sinkan, the Dutch were further encouraged by the news that Mattau and Soulang, their principal enemies, were being ravaged by smallpox, whereas Sinkan, now back under Dutch control, was spared the disease – this being viewed as a divine sign that the Dutch were righteous.
_	Other stories featured profiles on the location and nature of Iraq's weapons of mass destruction, including the news that Saddam Hussein had an arsenal of giant slingshots, the missing link, and dinosaurs.
_	1831 Castillo received the news that General Quiroga was coming to attack him from San Luis Province.
_	In late April 1989, Haughey returned from a trip to Japan, to the news that the government was about to be defeated in a Dáil vote, on a private members' motion regarding provision of funds for HIV/AIDS sufferers.
_	Jimmy Kimmel was so upset by the news that he called The Stern Show first thing on September 22, even though he had an infant child and it was only 4:00 am Pacific Daylight Time during the broadcast.
_	Spicolli had stopped taking drugs after renewed fears for his health, but the news that his mother was terminally ill with cancer led to a relapse.
_	April began with the news that the club had won their case against former manager Mike Newell.
_	Stephen and Anne (who have since had a daughter,) and the Lady Iridal (invited there by the wizard Trian,) receive the news that Bane is alive from a human slave who has been allowed to escape the elven capital.
_	I was the first to tell him the news that Buonaparte had declared himself Emperor, whereupon he broke into a rage and exclaimed, "So he is no more than a common mortal!
_	Gansevoort refused to submit to the siege, and the British withdrew from the area with the news that Benedict Arnold had arrived at Fort Dayton with reinforcements.
_	On 1 September, with the news that Germany had invaded Poland, a general mobilization and state of siege was declared; and war was declared on September 3.
_	But the big change is the news that Sara Saturday will marry King Friday.
_	A few hours later the priest emerges with a basket full of forged relics and the news that only the few which remain are genuine.
_	Months later, Franklyn returns after the news that Jimmi has split from Cherry, as she cheated on Jimmi with Daniel Granger (Matthew Chambers).
_	On December 31, 2013, they broke the news that both Bump and Flock would be discontinued so that the team could focus on new projects at Google.
_	Connie's plan is to surprise her husband with the news that they own the house but is frustrated when he announces that he hates it.
_	When he heard the news that Spanish forces are building up in Binakayan, he brought more men with him and altogether hurried back to defend the village.
_	Wright and Sullivan attempt a reconciliation, but are interrupted by Edwin Cheney, who delivers the news that Mamah's been murdered and Taliesin torched.
_	From West Germany on New Years Day in 1989, Gordon, together with Steven Engelberg broke the news that Imhausen-Chemie, a West German chemical company, had been serving as the "prime contractor" for an alleged Libyan chemical weapons production plant at Rabta since April 1980.
_	He took part in the Battle of the Pyrenees and the fighting that followed in the south of France, bringing to Wellington the news that Napoleon had abdicated.
_	On hearing the news that the Georgian troops were advancing towards Qarlanquch, he hastily returned to his headquarters and fled with his wife and tribe.
_	Another grievance was the news that some Ho-Chunk women had been sexually assaulted by American riverboat crews along the Mississippi River, although this story, like the one about the executions, may have been a false rumor.
_	Julia then joined the girls with the news that Elinor had expired.
_	In 1993, the other members were shaken with the news that Saro was shot in the forehead in a karaoke bar in his hometown.
_	John's position was undermined by Walter's relative popularity and by the news that Richard had married whilst in Cyprus, which presented the possibility that Richard would have legitimate children and heirs.
_	There, he heard the news that the new empress was from Qinghe and named Dou.
_	The Duke was frightened by the news that Napoleon Bonaparte, with his considerable army, was ready to invade Italy.
_	Arriving back at Crestview, Dr. Fletcher is met with the news that Willie’s mangled body has been found.
_	The release date, title and artwork were disclosed on 17 January 2012 as well as the news that it would also be available on Blu-ray, CD and LP (as well as the aforementioned DVD format, released in standard and special "steel book" editions).
_	His tenacity was well-paid with the news that López had died in battle on 1 March 1870, bringing the war to a close.
_	The deal was confirmed a week later on 27 January, with the news that he would be available for the squad to play Queens Park Rangers on 29 January.
_	On the morning of September 12, 1814, “scouts returned with the news that the British were advancing slowly and that General Ross, Rear-Admiral George Cockburn, and their staffs were eating breakfast at the Gorsuch farm.
_	One day, Alice learns the news that Lola Andeng is sick.
_	Moore's army now totalled 25,000, but his advance was cut short by the news that Napoleon had defeated the Spanish, held Madrid, and was approaching with an army of 200,000.
_	In June 1548, during the war of the Rough Wooing, Margaret's father, the Earl of Angus, wrote to her with the news that her half-brother, George Douglas, and others of the family had been captured at Dalkeith Palace.
_	"Bangor" anchored at Mers el Kebir, Algeria, on 9 May 1945 and there received the news that Germany had surrendered.
_	He departed for a meeting in Nuremberg, but was recalled to Munich the next day with the news that Raubal was dead from a gunshot wound to the lung; she had apparently shot herself in Hitler's Munich apartment with Hitler's Walther pistol.
_	Her love life seems to be forever ill-starred, however, for this latest romance is blighted by the news that her beloved has a wife and four children.
_	In 2001, she broadcast the news that the Taliban regime had fallen.
_	Two LAPD officers shock Kinsey with the news that Mickey is in a coma, having been shot with a gun registered to her, a present from Mickey she abandoned along with him.
_	Chase was not distracted in the checkup because he was hungover, he was distracted because he had just received a phone call bearing the news that his father had died from lung cancer.
_	He shares the news that his mother has "moved away" and that he wants him to come to dinner to celebrate.
_	Finally, Lewis returned with the news that he had found an adequate location in which to winter.
_	She brought the news that "Pigot" had arrived at Mauritius on 14 March.
_	The other, from Daryl F. Mallett, Arthur Loy Holcomb and Barbara Wallace, concerned the news that Worf's father Mogh might still be alive after Khitomer.
_	After a day being gifted free clothing and accessories under the assumption that she has the role her agent calls her with the news that ultimately she didn't get it.
_	Early customers included the local Indians and a thriving populace fueled by the news that Seattle would become the western terminus for the Great Northern Railway.
_	Richter, reunited with his mother, hearing on the news that the American and Soviet presidents were both assassinated in an attempted coup d'état, with the prime suspect being an American general.
_	Early in the month the team received a blow with the news that midfielder Ian Morris had picked up a knee injury which threatened to rule him out for at least a couple of months.
_	However, with these changes, came the news that Lorraine Kelly would be presenting "Lorraine" five days a week, meaning that Garraway no longer continued to present Kelly's show on Fridays.
_	Saul then gives Allison Carr (Miranda Otto) the news that she will be remaining in Berlin as station chief, despite the demands of the BND.
_	One of their biggest scoops came in 2012, when Lat "broke the news that one of most prestigious law firms in the world, Dewey & LeBoeuf, which employed more than 1,300 attorneys in 12 countries in 2007, was on the verge of imploding.".
_	Major Fenton has taken his private plane to Monte Carlo and returns with the news that the real Prince Nikolai is dead, and this one is an impostor.
_	In 2013, inspired by the news that their music had been used for torture at Guantanamo Bay detention camp, they released the album "Weapon".
_	This followed the news that Townsend was leaving the club to become the Scottish national team's new Head Coach.
_	In August 2008, the "Los Angeles Times" broke the news that Espenson was the writer behind BSG's second television movie, "," news confirmed in her writer's blog.
_	The interview followed on from the news that major UAE supermarket chain, Spinneys, had inked a 50-year deal to build and operate a dedicated cold storage distribution centre across 382.9 thousand square feet in Kizad.
_	Early in March 1815 Parisians were astonished by the news that Napoleon had left his exile on Elba and was back in France, on the way to Paris.
_	When Sultan's young sister, Fatima, shared the news that their father is hiding a photograph and a tape record of their grandmother, Sultan makes his final decision to search for his grandmother once and for all.
_	In 1015 NT, Mr. Tumnus brought the news that the magical White Stag had returned to Narnia.
_	Then one day they get the news that Anand has embezzled money from his employer, Vijaya Bank, Santa Cruz Branch.
_	Unaware of the news that Guru Har Krishan Ji had passed away, Lubana reached Bakala to fulfill his vow.
_	Kay, overjoyed at the news that she has a family and the invitation from Debbie to come to Australia and meet them all, Mother (worried, and obviously lying) blurts out that Kay's father was not really her father.
_	However, the fire had not yet taken hold and upon hearing the news that the house was to be spared the British marines through frantic efforts were able to put out the flames in time and save the house from complete ruin.
_	It was like a dream, so when we heard the news that the Babymetal show is confirmed at Wembley, we were flabbergasted.
_	The desperate condition of things has finally opened to the wife's mind to the consequences of the dishonesty to which she has sacrificed her husband, and now, willing to begin life all over, they are rejoicing in the news that the threatened arrest has been averted, when the information comes that the dam built of the defective cement has been swept away and the lives of a whole community have been destroyed.
_	The two actors play roles of various black South Africans - a vendor, barber, servant, manual labourer, soldier - receiving the news that Christ (Morena) has arrived in South Africa, where a Calvinist white elite imposes apartheid.
_	However, on July 22, horror website Bloody Disgusting broke the news that "Saw" co-creator James Wan had been signed to pen a new draft, as well as to direct.
_	At 11am on Saturday, with 31 hours left before the wedding, Barney, Ted, and Lily comfort Robin over the news that her own mother is not attending her wedding.
_	Geologists and other miners refused at first to believe the news that silver had been found in sandstone.
_	On 23 September, Tristán received the news that the rebel army was in the city and ready for battle.
_	She was given the news that she would require a wheelchair, and would not be able to dance.
_	In September 2017 the news that the Prince's school had served a Le Puy green lentil dish resulted in a spike in the legume's sales.
_	After Disney announced in March 2015 that a feature-length sequel was in development, Agence France-Presse and the "Toronto Star" both published stories gently mocking the horror of parents everywhere at the news that another "Frozen" "sensory and financial assault" was in the pipeline.
_	Spencer takes the news that Harvey is leaving badly but they reconcile before Harvey leaves.
_	At the news that Hani had been captured, 'Amr ibn al-Hajjaj thought he had been killed and therefore advanced on the palace with the people of Madhhij and surrounded the palace as they considered the murder of their colleague to be a great crime.
_	The band also announced the release of their album in Australia, scheduled for 8 August of the same year (by Sony Music Australia), along with the news that the band would perform at Soundwave Festival 2015.
_	She is also given the news that as a revolt against his treacherous relationship with the Saxons, Arthur and his knights of the round table have initiated a coup against Vortigern, their king.
_	This followed the news that rebels in Toulon had handed the city over to the British and several days of rioting in Paris.
_	Amjad is ready to even postpone the wedding in order to give Ashok enough time to make it - but nothing will prepare him for the shock when he gets the news that the train Ashok and Ashoo were traveling in had met with an accident - with very few survivors.
_	Slagg's column usually takes the form of several paragraphs lauding people in the news that fortnight, each followed by a paragraph deriding the people she has just praised.
_	In the next chapter, Whitwell visits Westover in Boston with the news that the hotel has burned down; he fears that the insurance company may claim that he burned the hotel down to collect the payout.
_	On 22 September 2014, when the Hong Kong Umbrella Movement began, Cheng, who was studying at Queensland University of Technology, saw in the news that student protesters had been arrested in Hong Kong, so he returned there to participate in the protest.
_	According to another version, Jita Khan, a eunuch valet of Chand Bibi, thought that her decision to negotiate with the Mughals was treacherous and spread the news that Chand Bibi was a quisling.
_	While in Scotland, Dunsmuir received the news that the provincial government had chosen the Vancouver Land and Railway Company controlled by Clement for the job.
_	Insistent rumors from February 2017 report the news that the Italian Navy has transformed the order for 3 PPA Light+, to 3 PPA Full, thus bringing the PPA funded to 5 PPA Full and 2 PPA Light.
_	Variety broke the news that DeWolf Swenson was departing RYOT at the end of 2017, shortly after the magazine announced that she had become a Venture Partner in 3Rodeo, an entrepreneur-run seed fund.
_	The publication also broke the news that in March 2018 that she was tapped to join Live Nation's Maverick as its first-ever "Chief Impact Officer."
_	On April 22, 1861, upon hearing the news that Virginia had seceded, Montgomery County citizens raised $10,000 to support the Confederate war effort and entrusted it to James C. Taylor, who invested it in county bonds.
_	On February 10, 2017, "The Hollywood Reporter" broke the news that Papercutz would re-release HIGH MOON in a new collection, consisteing of three volumes for their Super Genius imprint.
_	Soon Publio arrives to arrest Sesto, bearing the news that it was one of Sesto's co-conspirators who dressed himself in Tito's robes and was stabbed, though not mortally, by Sesto.
_	When she met her brothers, Gunnarr was bowing his head, but Högni told her the news that Sigurd had been slain, but that he had taken their brother Guthormr with him.
_	Once Morazán reached the capital, he took it easily and freed Guzman, who immediately left for Quetzaltenango to give the news that Carrera was defeated.
_	The main character, Mike Curly, is introduced, along with the news that his ex-girlfriend, Caroline Dandy, whom he dated for two years, is engaged and will be getting married in Paris.
_	The scene transitions to the court where Andrugio presents himself to Piero, despite having a bounty on his head, in order to deliver the news that Antonio has been seemingly murdered.
_	When the men heard the news that she had gathered all the women in the village to go to the battlefield, they became ashamed and promised to join the battle.
_	He received the news that in December 1938, the German chemists Otto Hahn and Fritz Strassmann had detected the element barium after bombarding uranium with neutrons, which Lise Meitner and her nephew Otto Frisch correctly interpreted as the result of nuclear fission.
_	Rupert and McCrankie drag in Dorcas, with the news that Dorothy has eloped with Manners.
_	However, in "", they decide against it, only to return to the news that Marian is dead.
_	In the morning a lone horseman raced into Topeka with the news that Price, not the Union forces, had been defeated.
_	On December 15, 1718 while he was serving as head of the army in Peru, he received the news that he had been named the first official viceroy of the recently created Viceroyalty of New Granada.
_	Cador and Eufemie are so heartbroken and angry when they hear the news that they banish Jongleurs from their lands.
_	The next day, the Sunday newspapers were covered with the news that fusion had been achieved in ZETA, often with claims about how the UK was now far in the lead in fusion research.
_	This led to much speculation amongst the Tex Murphy fanbase that a new project in the form of a game was in the works as the fedora is a signature component of Tex's outfit, especially in light of the fact that this announcement coincided with the news that the rights to the series had been secured.
_	Then comes the news that Aunt Cornelia, who was left behind in Boston, has married a college professor.
_	On 2 July, BBC Comedy released a clip of Ullman made up as Angela Merkel reacting to the news that Boris Johnson had chosen not to run for Prime Minister.
_	The original series, broadcast during the 2012 Paralympics, was a look back at each day's events during the competition, as well as a look at the news that week.
_	Following on from the Paralympics, the series became weekly, and looks at the events in the news that week, as well as covering Paralympic matters.
_	He gives Henry a forged note from Cinderella, but when the faux Hook goes after Henry to console him, Emma arrives out of a portal and is ready to tell Henry the news that she's pregnant.
_	The conspirators arrive at the beach shortly thereafter with the news that Andreas Doria has returned.
_	After finally mending their relationship she begins to trust him and in turn Angelle goes to Ektora with the news that while in London a week before getting together with Ektora, Aphrodite had IVF which could be the result of her pregnancy.
_	However, the victory was overshadowed by the news that Leeds forward Soldier Wilson had died after collapsing during the match.
_	Fergus was left to take the fall for the scam but was determined to marry Waverley and kept from her the news that he was wanted by the police for his involvement in the scam.
_	Dennis is stabbed and killed in the early hours of New Year's Day 2006, and Sharon moves to Florida, where she gives birth to Dennis Jr. In July 2006, Pauline Fowler (Wendy Richard) receives the news that Sharon has given birth to her son.
_	A 1987 article in "The Oregonian" said that in 1865, the bell "rang out the news that the Civil War had ended.
_	When Yeats heard the news that O'Higgins had been murdered, he refused to eat and spent his evening walking along the streets until the sun set.
_	Virtually all parties were shocked upon hearing the news that Rob Johnson would start ahead of Doug Flutie, and most of the Bills players reacted negatively to the decision.
_	Financial difficulties made the atmosphere around Burslem quite gloomy, not helped by the news that former Valiant John Nicholson had been killed in a car crash.
_	Shortly before 5:00 pm, he reported to Bonaparte in person with the news that his force (6,000 men and 9 guns of Boudet's division) was not far behind.
_	CounterAction gets the news that the Hyadean government has just crumpled from popular indigenous support for Earth, and the war is over.
_	On Ignacia's return home, Tomás is awaiting her with the news that he is offering her a new position in his company, and he is looking for her forgiveness.
_	The front page contained a spoofed motto, "All the News We Hope to Print" from the famous phrase "All the news that's fit to print".
_	Procopius mentions a story in which Honorius, on hearing the news that Rome had "perished", was shocked, thinking the news was in reference to his favorite chicken he had named "Roma".
_	Meanwhile, in 1996 the games industry was rocked by the news that TSR had run into insoluble financial problems and had been bought by Wizards of the Coast.
_	Later, Alice returns with the news that Effingham has become lost in the bog.
_	In response to the news that police were claiming Mr. Doomadgee's death was the result of an accidental fall, up to 200 Palm Islanders rioted and burnt down the local police station, adjoining courthouse and police barracks.
_	In August 1883, Coccola and the other missionaries at Kamloops were contacted by Father Albert Lacombe of Alberta with the news that the construction camps of the Canadian Pacific Railway were moving across the Alberta-British Columbia border and that more missionaries were needed to attend to the workers.
_	The paper then landed one of the biggest scoops in its history, finding and breaking the news that the 21-year-old ball had been cancelled by the Students' Guild.
_	Academy travelled as far as Perth the day before the game and woke up on the Saturday morning to the news that the game was postponed due to a water-logged pitch, so had to turn tail and head for home without a boot being dirtied.
_	On 11 August, with the news that left-back Lewis Emanuel was to be sidelined for three months with a broken toe sustained in the game at Kingsmeadow, Luton signed Grays Athletic defender Fred Murray on a six-month loan deal.
_	Set in the critical year of 1945, this novel focuses on farmer Mat Feltner's struggle over the news that his son Virgil has been listed as missing in action while also telling multiple tales of the lives of other Port William residents, such as Burley Coulter, Jack Beechum, Ernest Finley, Ida and Gideon Crop.
_	When Marla hears on the news that Tobi’s wings have grown back, she exhibits him at a carnival as "Tobi, the boy with wings".
_	Just after Sach receives the horse's name, "Rubber Check," from the devil, disguised as a soft drinks salesman, Chuck arrives with the news that the Polio Fund has agreed to pay for the boy's treatment.
_	In December 2010, Gazpacho brought the news that they have licensed "Missa Atropos" to "Kscope" in the UK.
_	No precedents have been preserved that allow us to know if the Church of Rome, which had organized a section of notaries, took the initiative of collecting the records of its martyrs, nor is the news that Julius Africanus did a similar task as far as Rome is concerned, trustworthy.
_	Heine received his French entry visa on 20 April 1938 and arrived two days later in Paris to be greeted with the news that back in Germany he had been stripped of his citizenship.
_	A day later, the team also released the news that the Dutch Lotto will also sponsor the team.
_	As the many servants bustle about, the family note with disappointment the news that Edoardo Jr. (Flavio Parenti), Tancredi and Emma's eldest son, lost his race the day of his grandfather's birthday.
_	Flo, a successful waitress, has just seen on the news that Mr. Big, a greedy landlord, wants to destroy four restaurants that belong to Darla, Tony, Margarita and Toshiro, respectively - so that he can open his own "Mega Multiplex Food Plaza".
_	In the series finale he couldn't been more happier when Danny returned with the news that Helen was "as dead as a dodo".
_	Orson freaks out when he hears the news that Mike has woken up.
_	As the last days of the lame-duck Congress roll forward, Sam Seaborn outlines a long list of Senate committee reassignments that are going to take place under the incoming GOP-led body of law, finishing with the news that a Republican opponent of the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty is going to head up the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and has made it clear he will not allow the Treaty to come up for voting.
_	Indeed, Abune Takla Haymanot's reaction to the news that he was to be enthroned as Patriarch of the Church was extreme distress, and he was reduced to bitter weeping.
_	Radha and Ramu get the news that their parents are dead.
_	The camp is celebrating the news that Suggs has successfully negotiated the purchase of the Mount of Redemption on their behalf.
_	Celebrating their new food source and the news that Felicity is pregnant again, the animals dance.
_	Furthermore, the game remains open-ended from this point onwards, with the Wanderer surviving the radiation they were subjected to, and recovering two weeks later to the news that the purifier is working well and supplying clean water to the people of the Wasteland, or has been having an adverse effect on life thanks to the introduction of the modified FEV.
_	While the women were on their way, they get the news that their way to meet their father they find out that their husband had been beheaded.
_	When an all-out war was about to break out, the news that Cao Cao planned to attack Hanzhong was received by Liu Bei, and he requested for a border treaty with Sun Quan as he became worried about Cao Cao seizing Hanzhong.
_	Phaterpaker takes the news that Chagoo was murdered calmly, remarking that Mahipal was slipshod and implying that he was dismissed for this.
_	News channels in Pakistan broadcast the news that the Imran (Killer of Zainab) is a part of the team who makes child pornography films and sales around the world.
_	Such sub plots are, the invasion of Afghanistan, use of precision-guided air strikes with weapons such as GPS-guided JDAMs, the customs agent on the Canadian border stopping the vehicle carrying explosives for the failed Millennium bombing, the pursuit of Osama Bin Laden and the destruction of Al'Qaeda training camps in the middle east, as well as in the beginning of the film Admiral Mckees' Daughter, Melissa, is due to leave New Jersey for San Francisco on September 11, 2001, she was due to board United Airlines Flight 93, following hearing an announcement on the news that United Airlines Flight 93 was hijacked and has gone down over Pennsylvania, the Admiral and his wife were distraught, shortly thereafter she contacted her parents and was upset and told them she was late and fortunately had missed her flight.
_	As Josh calls his brother Jake to deliver the news that "we lost Dad, dude", the song's final chorus—"Freedom"—repeats solemnly four times and fades out over a simple shot of the Bering Sea raging.
_	Before Mitch can leave, Taggart arrives with the news that Anson's name appeared in Jason Osteen's phone book.
_	Upon his retirement came the news that he was diagnosed with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, otherwise known as Lou Gehrig's disease.
_	Just as Rex and Anne were about to make love, Judy and Victor burst in with the news that Rex was Anne's biological father.
_	After spending two years in the camp, in 1943 he caught the attention of Juventus Bucharest boss Cezar Popescu who got the news that this 27-year-old defender who had played in Serbia was in the camp
_	He is kept from jumping off a cliff by the news that his friends have been captured by Mendoza, who has commandeered their ship and is sailing back to Earth.
_	Bing Crosby received the news that his wife Dixie Lee was terminally ill while filming in Paris.
_	Around this time, going perhaps unnoticed, was the news that Police Scotland was investigating whether former owner Craig Whyte was still involved at Rangers as well as the acquisition and management of the club.
_	He talks about sitting on a bench outside the nursing home waiting for the news that she had died.
_	In response to the news that the BBC plan to cut Radcliffe and Maconie’s radio show from 4 nights a week to three, Marc Lee from Telegraph mentions
_	Lois' father, Carter, calls her and tells her how violent Patrick is, but she assures him Patrick is safe, although she becomes worried after seeing on the news that a fat man has been murdered.
_	Upon the news that Estrada had left Malacañang Palace and stepped down from office, Arroyo went to EDSA Shrine and took her oath of office as President.
_	Mariana received the news that her grandfather was not in good health, and Clarissa talked about her parents' separation.
_	Nando's adverts proclaimed that the strikers "decided to unsew their lips after hearing the news that with every Nando's quarter chicken combo, Nando's are giving away an extra quarter chicken free".
_	After they returned to the General with the news that the whole "region is full of patriotic spirit and joy about the success of the French Army", Dąbrowski and Wybicki entered the city on 3 November 1806 leading the first units of the French army.
_	His mother had left the news that he would never return.
_	Later, Chandin had heard the news that Lavinia was engaged to her distant cousin in Wetlands.
_	Upon hearing the news that the Resistance had gained control of Milan, Roselli and his new partisan comrades immediately returned to Italy.
_	It is later announced on the news that Kyle has brought democracy to Cuba and American tourists are now allowed in.
_	One day Nestor saw on the news that the serial killer named Johnny Sockets had struck again, leaving behind another victim.
_	Even more ominous was the news that the Corral Room had been remodeled in the early 1970s, and was now adorned in gilt and red velvet as the Lillie Langtry Room!
_	Also here, William the Conqueror received the news that the barons of Cotentin and Bessin were conspiring to kill him, enabling him to escape to Falaise.
_	Upon her return, she reveals herself to a shocked and hugely relieved Piper, who had believed she was dead due to a misunderstanding of a message from Red, and the news that an inmate had died during the riot (whom Alex reveals was actually Maureen Kukudio, whose wounds had become infected).
_	During the song, DJ George Michael (who also was a sports reporter) interrupted to break the news that New York Yankees catcher and team captain Thurman Munson had died in a plane crash.
_	In reacting to the news that officials at DND had misled the government in order to ensure purchase of the F-35, Liberal defence critic John McKay stated, "It does speak to the issue of the military's ability to snowball politicians.
_	The "Herald Sun's" Alice Clarke said Summer dealt with the news that Chris was gay "extremely well."
_	Trampier was suspicious of the offer, and wanted to ensure that TSR would not have any part of the publication; he seemed surprised by the news that TSR had been taken over by Wizards of the Coast almost 20 years previously.
_	Jojo goes with her mother to receive the news that the cancer has not spread and she decides to tell Shane.
_	In his article for the Independent on 17 October 2012, Jerome Taylor quoted Boris Johnson exclaiming that "To extradite a man diagnosed with Asperger syndrome to America for trial would have been extraordinarily cruel and inhumane." in response to the news that the Home Secretary Theresa May had successfully overturned the extradition of Gary McKinnon.
_	Once Morazán reached the capital, he took it easily and freed Guzman, who immediately left for Quetzaltenango to give the news that Carrera was defeated; Carrera then, taking advantage of what his enemies believed, applied a strategy of concentrating fire on the Central Park of the city and also employed surprise attack tactics with which caused heavy casualties to the army of Morazán to finally force the survivors to fight for their lives.
_	Similarly, in May 2017, users on the subreddit began reposting memes pertaining to the murder of Seth Rich that occurred in Washington D.C.. "Mashable" described the postings as a distraction since the users began posting just hours after ""The Washington Post" broke the news that Trump had divulged classified intelligence to Russian representatives."
_	After being locked in the coffin with her newly-wed and deceased husband, Huo Lianqi rushes back to the house upon hearing of the news that she was married to his second brother.
_	Glenallan raises a body of troops from his vast Lowland and Highland estates and leads them in person to Fairport, where he meets a cavalry officer called Major Neville, who has been sent with the news that the invasion is a false alarm.
_	He breaks the news that the Council has been completely destroyed along with most of their records, except for the few books and references on the First he stole while there was still time.
_	In January 2011, Lederman broke the news that the famous saxophone solo on Gerry Raffertys hit song Baker Street, played by Raphael Ravenscroft, was out of tune - according to Ravenscroft himself.
_	Hope is later devastated by the news that Bo is dying from an inoperable brain tumor after he confesses his dismal prognosis that he'd been keeping from her shortly after he arrived back in Salem.
_	On his return to Cape Town, he found that his achievement had been eclipsed—first by 1 June 1879 death of Napoleon Eugene, Prince Imperial in Zululand, and then by the news that the government of the Transvaal and Natal, together with the high commissionership in the eastern part of South Africa, had been transferred from him to Sir Garnet Wolseley.
_	Ausiello broke the news that Overstreet's contract option to become a series regular on "Glee" had not been picked up for season 3, but that he could possibly come back as an occasional guest star.
_	Billy the news that his daughter has died.
_	At Olivia Pope and Associates the gladiators hear the news that George Osborne committed suicide.
_	The announcement also came with the news that Ford's friend Alexander Lisi had been arrested in relation to the whole police investigation entitled "Project Brazen 2".
_	He was asked to appear as a witness before two committees of the House of Commons that were investigating the situation in Iraq and was further upset by the news that one of the appearances would be in public.
_	Brook telephoned Dill in London to find that no agreement had been made with the French and after checking called with the news that "Mr. Churchill knew nothing about the Brittany project".
_	Harley Jane Kozak recalled attending a casting call in a "warehouse in Manhattan" and receiving a phone call several weeks later with the news that she had won the part.
_	Sully did a recording of some of the news that made headlines in 2008.
_	Later in the story, the three good fairies are preparing for her birthday when they plan to surprise her with the news that she is a princess.
_	One of the knights returned with the news that the Grail could not be brought to England and as a result Sir Galahad and the other knight brought it to Babylon (and neither of them could return to England as well).
_	By the 16th the slow advance was quickened by the news that Wolseley was on his way to Natal to take command.
_	Nora decides to marry her fiance Donald (William Post Jr.) so that Sylvia can be her maid of honor at her wedding, but when Donald returns from military duty, he breaks the news that he has fallen in love with someone else.
_	While there, they receive the news that Anne has had her child, the future queen Elizabeth I.
_	The messenger came back with the news that the king did not wish to return, having decided to remain engaged in military conquests until his death.
_	This was followed in January 2013 by the news that Scottish police officers would be visiting Libya to conduct their investigation.
_	It was confirmed in July 2018, that Tyrone would receive the news that Jackie had died in the coming weeks, ruling out a return for Clarke and an off-screen death for Jackie.
_	On 12 April 1945, Hitler, who had earlier decided to remain in the city against the wishes of his advisers, heard the news that the American President Franklin D. Roosevelt had died.
_	When the news that Julian had crossed the Alps arrived in Rome, the consuls Taurus and Florentius, who supported Constantius, left the city; then Julian had them indicated in documents as fugitive consuls.
_	In "Andy's Ancestry", Pete and Clark immediately applaud at the news that Andy may be distantly related to Michelle Obama, having learned that Andy appreciates enthusiasm, and therefore have learned to clap for almost any action or announcement.
_	Just then Rama receives the news that Shambuka has resumed his penance, and Lakshmana is despatched to slay the erring "shudra".
_	Supposedly, the Wick garden at Jockey Hollow was the place where the Marquis de Lafayette delivered to General George Washington the news that the French were sending a large fleet and army to reinforce the Continental Army in America.
_	When post time passed for the race, a crowd of reporters gathered, and it was Thorp who finally delivered the news that "Seabiscuit scratched."
_	She’s quick to deliver the news that the band are going to sigh for Jerome’s Fictitious Records and have secured a support slot for a UK arena tour in the summer.
_	After the news that M.I.B (band) disbanded Cream debuted solo with his single "042".
_	When Li Junlin read the news that the number of China's "left-behind" children () was estimated to have surpassed 60 million, he was one of them in Hunan in his early years, and he decided to shoot a film about the "left-behind" children.
_	Barb (Wanda Sykes) and Matthew (Hamish Linklater) try to hide the news that they had sex from Old Christine (Julia Louis-Dreyfus).
_	Young Justin Carver (Dylan and Cole Sprouse) is having Thanksgiving dinner with his family, only for it to end with the news that his best friend Bobby's (Hannelius) bickering parents are finally deciding to divorce.
_	After several years, Huang Xie received the news that King Qingxiang was ill.
_	Three missionaries from the Oratory of Goa arrived in 1697 to help him, with the news that Pedro Pacheco, Bishop of Cochin, had appointed Vaz as Vicar General in Ceylon.
_	Angel breaks the news that he, Marvel Girl, Iceman, Havok, and Lorna Dane are confident enough in their powers to leave the X-Men.
_	The Chaplain went to Mrs. Cooper to break the news that her husband was missing.
_	Maharajah Ranjit Singh started construction of new bridge but he quickly received the news that a large number of Ghazis had encircled his army across the river and the Khalsa army had a chance of being wiped out there.
_	Rustlers are running rampant in Texas, but at least one rancher, Charlie Bell, isn't pulling up stakes yet, particularly with the news that old friend Clay Hardin is en route from Mexico back home to San Antonio.
_	They go with their daily routines when a telegraph arrives with the news that Anirudhan’s grandmother is ill.
_	He delivers the news that he is saved and that the Governor sent the troops.
_	In the meantime a third person appears on the scene, with the news that the imperial armies have obtained a glorious victory.
_	While at a corner store, Carter sees himself on tv and hears on the news that he's a suspect.
_	The Indian media responded angrily to the news that the ambassador, a distinguished lady diplomat, was summoned to the Foreign Ministry at 2 am local time; the news was later denied by anonymous sources in Delhi.
_	Eight to ten months after their arrival in England, Nelson contacted them with the news that he would soon be ready to record.
_	Meanwhile, Rachel and DC Kevin Lumb (Ben Batt) are both due to sit their sergeant's exam; however, she misses her exam following the news that Dominic has been hospitalised.
_	Henning later gets the news that Clarissa's plane went down with no signs of survival.
_	Following the news that Shillingford could not bowl in international cricket, he was dropped from the Windward Islands' squad for the 2010–11 Caribbean Twenty20.
_	On July 26th, 2017, the website Broadway Black broke the news that TV and Broadway actor Mandy Patinkin was set to replace Okieriete Onaodowan as Pierre for three weeks.
_	After finding out while watching the news that their marriage was invalid because the minister/Elvis impersonator that married them wasn't an ordained minister, Val and Vic decide to get married for real.
_	"The Times" reported on 19 April 1982 that Viscount Falmouth, the chairman of the school's governing body, had written to parents to break the news that the school would close at the end of that year's Summer term.
_	He brought with him the news that the colony was doing well and that Manhattan had been bought from the natives for goods valued at 60 guilders, leading some historians to propose that the otherwise obscure Verhulst oversaw this transaction.
_	By the end of the story Ghote is able to share a conspiratorial wink with his superior at the news that his inept sergeant is to become a security guard in the ministry where the murderer worked.
_	Jarret Williams, a settler got back to Virginia with the news that Gist was working with the British.
_	While shooting in the village Tabrez gets the news that train will reach the village side after a week and hence shortage of the equipment for resume shooting occurs.
_	During the same period came the news that coldrain would be performing at Rock am Ring, Rock im Park and Download Festival 2014 in June 2014.
_	Afterward, he becomes despondent when he learns that the couple had wanted to surprise him with the news that they had gotten married.
_	Not even the news that the Praenestines had advanced into the district of Gabii deterred the tribunes.
_	Chohan answered: "..within a few days you will have the news that Mrs Gandhi and her family have been beheaded.
_	The action of the poem begins with the arrival of a messenger in Rome with the news that Vienna has been besieged by the Turks.
_	In October 2011 he welcomed the news that the National Transitional Council of Libya had agreed compensate victims of IRA bombings.
_	According to Cicero, ("Verr." v. 34) there was a port in the immediate neighborhood of the promontory to which he gives the name of Portus Pachyni (modern Portopalo di Capo Passero): it was here that the fleet of Verres was stationed under his officer Cleomenes, when the news that a squadron of pirates was in the neighbouring Port of Ulysses (Portus Odysseae) caused that commander to take to flight with precipitation.
_	In his "History of the Wars", Procopius mentions a story (which Gibbon disbelieved) where, on hearing the news that Rome had "perished", Honorius was initially shocked; thinking the news was in reference to a favorite chicken he had named "Roma".
_	This episode focuses largely on Tom Croydon battling the news that he has cancer.
_	The Turks rushed their diplomats and Orthodox bishops to "Azov" with assurances of peace and compliance, all in vain: on Geiden received the news that Nicholas I had declared war with Turkey.
_	Halimacus returns to Sardis with Atis, who wears Persian uniform and is now called Ermin, with the news that Croesus has been captured.
_	A French plane dropping leaflets on the island on 4 November brought the news that the war was finally over.
_	The newscaster related mundane activities like baseball standings, what song is on the top of the charts, and weather, but also news relative to the war effort, like the amount of steel that Pittsburgh has shipped, the monthly Selective Service quota, and the news that one worker got a medal for not missing one day of work since Dec. 8, 1941.
_	Soon after he returned to Paris, she wrote with the news that she was pregnant.
_	Eryxene appears with the news that after the battle on the bridge Poros had fallen into river and drowned (we know that Gandartes survived his perilous jump into the Hydaspes in good condition).
_	The programme usually starts with a short interview on a topical subject making the news that day.
_	The next section is Head to Head which is introduced by a short film and consists of a debate between two people on a political issue in the news that week.
_	The two leaders spoke in that house well over their time limit, but came out with the news that they had planned two more (soon three more) summits.
_	However, it is a call from the president of Atlantis, disturbed by the news that Stephen has been passed over for the job, that changes the man's mind.
_	Fedlim's army, numbering as many as two thousand plus, seem to have assembled at Ballinasloe in late July or early August upon receiving the news that Sir William Liath de Burgh had returned from Scotland with Gallowglass mercenaries, and was assembling an army at Athenry to fight Fedlim.
_	One day her stepsister Marianne brings the news that the king plans to attack Brutanna, endangering Prince Julian.
_	According to the "Los Angeles Times" of October 23, 2008 "the news that the Republican National Committee has bought Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and her family nearly $150,000 worth of clothing since September has fueled charges of hypocrisy by her detractors and sparked questions about the legality of the expenditures [...]
_	Coulaincourt was woken by his valet with the news that 'for three quarters of an hour the city has been in flames'.
_	Several days later, Mr. Church meets Charlie at the bus stop to deliver the news that her mother has passed.
_	On September 18, 2008 it was reported that Rosoboronexport had agreed to go ahead with the sale of advanced S-300 Russian made anti-aircraft systems to Iran in light of the news that the United States had agreed to supply Israel with GBU-39s (Small Diameter Bunker Buster Bombs)
_	Vera conveys news that Rex has survived to his colleague Esther (Alexa Havins) along with the news that no one has died in the past 24 hours, which she corroborates with accounts from other hospitals.
_	But unlike Leo, he accepts the news that Paul is their father.
_	The spy came back with the news that the Rajputs were in a state of drunken revelry.
_	Given the prestige of the race, there was some disappointment at the news that the race would lose its
_	On the other hand, two developments were welcomed by Wright and his fellow invasion planners, including U.S. escort aircraft carriers (CVE) which would provide much needed off-shore close air support for the landing force, and the news that Major General E. J. House would oversee tactical air support for the ground forces using aircraft from the Northwest African Air Force.
_	In August 1796, both Canada and Nova Scotia were stirred by the news that Admiral Richery had escaped the vigilance of Admiral Robert Mann out of Cadiz, and was proceeding to Newfoundland with seven sail of the line and several frigates.
_	Little Red returns with the news that her grandmother has been killed by the Giantess.
_	In June 2017, he published a call for help on his Facebook page upon receiving the news that he is likely to lose his Vietnamese citizenship and be deported to France.
_	On July 31, 2012, "Variety" posted the news that Nicole Holofcener had dramatized the script for the film from Lippman's novel and Amy J. Berg was slated to direct the film; it would mark her narrative directorial debut.
_	Sylvia, newly pregnant, is given the news that Tony is dead while working as a nurse for surgeon René Gaudin.
_	He recalls how Osama reacted when he received the news that some members of al-Zawahiri's family had been killed.
_	For example, during Hillary Clinton's 2008 campaign for the Democratic nomination for United States President, it was noted in the news that a Facebook group had been created titled "Hillary Clinton: Stop Running for President and Make Me a Sandwich."
_	Obama also remained insistent on comprehensive reform, and the news that Anthem Blue Cross in California intended to raise premium rates for its patients by as much as 39% gave him a new line of argument to reassure nervous Democrats after Scott Brown's win.
_	Despite only dating for several weeks, the character's returned from a short hiatus with the news that they were married.
_	Wu Guichang (), chief of the CPC Feixi County Committee, heard the news that the Guoji Zibai "pan" is preserved in the Liu Family.
_	When asked what her reaction to the news that she was the murderer, Porter said: "I was a bit gutted because I thought I'd be gone, because everyone gets puts away for life if they kill someone.
_	Angel returns to Wolfram & Hart with the news that the cup was a set-up; Sirk has disappeared.
_	The second time Li Ling visited Su Wu, he brought the news that Emperor Wu had died, which caused Su to mourn so hard that he vomited blood and almost died.
_	In August 2012, Luckie announced that he would not seek re-election to this position in the 2012 election, following the news that he was under criminal investigation on an undisclosed matter, one stated only to be "something other than bribery."
_	Clorimundo enters with the news that the battle is over and Lotario has won.
_	"The Washington Post" reported on Sharpe’s hiring as follows:"Yale undergraduates and alumni welcome the news that Dr. Albert Sharpe, long athletic coach at Cornell , will return to his alma mater after an absence of sixteen years.
_	He never attempted to see the face of the person that he was carrying, but the day after he read in the news that Milan Nedić had committed suicide by jumping through the prison window at Zmaj Jovina street.
_	In "Smith and Jones" (2007), medical student Oliver Morgenstern (Ben Righton) tells the news that "Mr Saxon" was proven right about there being life beyond Earth.
_	Though the news that a daughter of the Queen would be viceregal consort of Canada first saw a "thrill of joy burst upon the Dominion", it being felt that the Princess would be a strong link between Canadians and their sovereign, the arrival of the new governor general and his wife was not initially welcomed by the Canadian press, which complained about the imposition of royalty on the country's hitherto un-regal society.
_	Oliver and Kyle go on several dates so that they can reconnect; when they finally decide to consummate their new relationship, they are interrupted by the news that Nick has been gay-bashed.
_	She requests that they meet in Port-au-Prince, where she intends to surprise him with the news that he is the father of her two-year-old son named Christophe.
_	Loudwire broke the news that Chad Smith of the Red Hot Chili Peppers would be featured on the upcoming Screaming At Demons singles "Our Time" and "All Of Me" The releases are expected for early 2016.
_	Susan decides not to move into the house after the news that Mike was going to propose.
_	The progress of the station could be accelerated with the news that planning permission has also been granted to redevelop the area immediately to the north-east of the station site at the junction of Surrey Canal, Trundleys and Grinstead Roads.
_	However, later that same day, FOXSports.com broke the news that Robertson and the Bengals were unable to come to terms on a new contract, resulting in the trade falling through.
_	Upon her arrival in San Francisco in mid September, Jewel received the news that her father had been killed in a train-pedestrian accident shortly after she and her mother had left for California.
_	As the news that Finland might be forced to cede its sovereignty to the USSR, public opinion in France and Britain, already favorable to Finland, swung in favor of military intervention.
_	However, he then received the news that the Persian fleet was setting out from Miletus to attack the rest of Ionia, so he quickly returned to Lesbos.
_	At first, it is reported on the news that neither Shell or Denny were found in the sea, much to Sylvia's delight.
_	Afterwards, he returns to the Clyde Fans building to tell Simon the news that their business is finished; Simon has become a recluse and the two brothers rarely speak.
_	In January (about 1900, presumably), the people of Earth awaken to the news that a strange luminous object has erupted, into the Solar System, after disturbing the normal orbit of the planet Neptune.
_	In his 1991 autobiography, "Life Is Too Short", Mickey Rooney wrote that Tong was upset by the news that the series faced cancellation.
_	Melcombe arrived at the Admiralty on the Sunday evening before 27 November, bearing the news that General Cornwallis had surrendered at Yorktown.
_	Mantragupta describes the evening in Pataliputra, and at night, he receives the news that Kalayanavarman will arrive in the city in the morning.
_	This announcement was confirmed the next day by Duran Duran's website, followed a day later by the news that John, Roger, and Andy Taylor had rejoined.
_	His success in the role was cut short by the news that Goldfaden, whose plays they were using without permission, was coming with his troupe to Odessa.
_	In the evening, Chelmsford and the rest of the British army return to Isandlwana, to be greeted by the sight of their slaughtered comrades, and the news that a mass Zulu army has invaded Natal and laid siege to Rorke's Drift.
_	He reportedly greeted the news that Hadrian had become his adoptive grandfather with sadness, instead of joy.
_	When she arrived in the UK, however, she was met by the news that all concerts in the provinces had been cancelled due to poor ticket sales.
_	The next day, Vikram learns from the news that a young girl's dead body resembling Chandrasekar's daughter has been found washed up at the beach.
_	With the news that Gillingham Town were resigning from the Western League for financial reasons at the end of the season, and the fact that the Premier Division is already two clubs short, only one club was relegated.
_	Andrew Mercado of "TV Week" observed Sonya, Toadie and Callum were not the only characters reeling from the news that Troy is back – with Jade also seemingly horrified at his return.
_	If the news that Route 46 had reached Moung Houn by early November 1969 was not sufficiently perturbing, the movement of antiaircraft guns that far south garnered attention.
_	At first he is surprised by the news that Mo has a daughter, but quickly he promises Viv and Mo a trip to the beach when he is on leave.
_	The couple is left completely shocked at the news that Mona had actually survived the plane crash albeit severely injured and locked in a deep coma.
_	Spurred on by the news that the Imam would be returning to Sana'a, one of the first things Rabbi Yiḥya Yitzḥak did upon assuming the role of community leader was to appoint a new rabbinic court, whose former members had mostly perished in the famine of 1905.
_	All heard the news that a French fleet was on the way, and many were looking forward to some serious fighting in the near future.
_	Vethagiri is very much angered by the news that they both travelled alone at night in the cornfields and tell them that death awaits whoever enters the field at night, as Ambuli lives there, that has killed so many people in the past and is still hungry for human life.
_	At his wedding, Godefroy de Montmirail is interrupted by the news that his bride's father, Duke Fulbert, is gravely ill.
_	After the formal conclusion of the banquet, Kato, the chief lieutenant of Sekiuchi, pulls one of the Yakuza leaders, Ikemoto, aside and makes plain that he is displeased with the news that Ikemoto has become friendly with a rival gang leader, Murase, while the two were unexpectedly imprisoned together.
_	They arrive then; Norberto (Guillermo García Cantú), Héctor (Arturo Peniche) and Ulises (Mane de la Parra); the first to settle accounts with Esteban, because he is already aware that he took the life of his son, and the other two with the news that the police are on the way.
_	Just before the bulletin cut out, a CBS News staffer was heard saying "Connally too," apparently having just heard the news that Texas Governor John Connally had also been shot while riding in the presidential limousine with his wife Nellie and Mr. and Mrs. Kennedy.
_	This introduction came with the news that Apple would complete the transition to Intel processors on all hardware by the end of 2006, a year ahead of the originally quoted schedule.
_	Before this can happen, Emma Swan (Jennifer Morrison), David (Josh Dallas), and Mary Margaret (Ginnifer Goodwin) arrive to tell him and Henry the news that Tamara shot Neal and he fell into the portal.
_	Tom hears on the news that Klink, the only surviving officer of the Foxhall Edwardes incident, was killed by a group of criminals when he tried to prevent them from robbing a bank.
_	As Albin prepares to perform ("[A Little More] Mascara"), Georges's 24-year-old son Jean-Michel (the offspring of a confused, youthful liaison with a woman named Sybil) arrives home with the news that he is engaged to Anne Dindon.
_	On his return, he breaks the news that he has a new girlfriend called Julie Carp (Katy Cavanagh), whom he fell in love with in Cyprus.
_	Harry Truman was on the ship when he got the news that Hiroshima had been bombed by an atomic bomb.
_	In early 1806, Pellew was relieved by the news that a large French squadron under Rear-Admiral Charles Linois had sailed out of the Indian Ocean and into the Atlantic.
_	Bernice is known to be something of a heavy drinker; this has been joked about on at least one occasion (in "Homer vs. the Eighteenth Amendment", she faints upon reading the news that Prohibition has been introduced in Springfield) and laughs exactly like her husband.
_	In particular, the news that Cochran would make light planes and gliders (snatched from the ground by low-flying C-47s) available to evacuate wounded men from combat greatly increased the morale of the long-range jungle penetration forces.
_	Participants get the news that a bomb has exploded in the Government quarter in Oslo, but believe they are safe as long as they are on an island, away from the city.
_	During the making of the album, Ngaiire returned from performing at the 2014 Glastonbury Festival to the news that her partner of five years (and the producer of "Lamentations") had ended their relationship, leaving her questioning her ability to complete the album.
_	A phone call to Roy Bonberry at Thames Valley gave the news that they would not be operating in 1947."
_	While apparently unrelated to those announcements, Bob Dylan closed the "Cold" show on April 2, 2008 with the news that it was the last show of Season 2, noting that "...This is our final show of the season.
_	Jira came up with the film's premise when he heard on the news that SAT scores were being cancelled in China due to a cheating scandal.
_	A messenger rushes up to announce that the Earl of Mar is about to begin battle against Roderick Dhu, and he is ordered to return with the news that both Roderick and Douglas have been captured and that no battle is needed.
_	Gwen surprised Will with the news that she was pregnant in August 2007.
_	Meanwhile, Aliyah-Din is late meeting with Haman, but on her way, she discovers the news that the Prince shall choose a bride the next day; however, a woman nearby tells her not to get her hopes up as she believes that Aliyah-Din doesn't have a chance of gaining the Prince's love and affections.
_	Having heard the news that Alabama lost, #2 UCLA went out and promptly lost to Arizona in Tucson, 23-17.
_	Ridolfi, who was then in Paris, could do nothing when he heard the news that his scheme had collapsed.
_	In July, 2009 GamePolitics broke the news that plaintiffs in the class action suit alleged that monopolistic practices by E.A. had cost Madden buyers $926 million.
_	When king Rollaug was about to burn Heidrek alive, someone broke the news that the prince was still alive and that Heidrek was innocent.
_	With the news that he and his band would be joining the likes of Paramore, Bad Religion, Fall Out Boy, Jefree Star, and various other popular rock bands on the 2009 Warped Tour it became apparent that Jennings next album would differ drastically from his previous efforts.
_	Evil plans of the rich man comes to a fruition when one morning Maravathoor wakes to the news that Chandy and Mary have run away together.
_	Nelson had received the news that the French were trying to take supplies to St Pierre d'Acena for the siege of Mantua.
_	Muhammad's campaign in the west came to a sudden end with the news that Ya'qub ibn al-Layth had once again advanced from Sistan.
_	Framkin collapse as Polo pulls his arm out of a hole in Framkin's back and summons the other puppets - Groofus the dog, Flora, and Ratio Hornblower - with the news that Angel messed with the "nest egg."
_	A couple of weeks later, she received the news that her aunt Grand Duchess Elizabeth Feodorovna and half-brother, Prince Vladimir Paley had been murdered with several other Romanov relatives in the summer 1918.
_	On January 20, 2014 the news that the group would end up began circulating in the media, rocked by the fact that the group had taken a vacation some time and could not give statements, after being disowned by entrepreneurs.
_	When the Allies received the news that Xerxes was clearing paths around Mount Olympus, and thus intending to march towards Thermopylae, it was both the period of truce that accompanied the Olympic games, and the Spartan festival of Carneia, during both of which warfare was considered sacrilegious.
_	Hancock sent Paul Revere to the First Continental Congress with the news that Massachusetts had established the first autonomous government of the Thirteen Colonies (The North Carolina Provincial Congress met earlier than the Massachusetts Congress, although it could be argued that North Carolina's body did not establish an actual government until 1775).
_	Sevendust has issued the following statement regarding the matter, "After hearing the news that our song "The Past" was a topic of discussion on the Nancy Grace show yesterday, we would like to elaborate.
_	Twyning's father, but when he gets there, the man is grief-stricken, just having received the news that his son has been killed in the war.
_	Thinking back, he recalls his apprehension at the news that the evil wizard Voll had been marching from island to island, among the islands of Earthsea subduing all in his way, with no one able to understand or fight his magic.
_	The same day came the news that the city of Florence had given him The Fiorino D'oro award for his lifework in the arts.
_	With the news that Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo had fractured his left clavicle in Dallas' Week 2 win coupled with star wide receiver Dez Bryant's broken foot, Washington and New York, both one game behind Dallas, looked to use this primetime game as a springboard to the division lead.
_	Edwards is forced to give April and Jackson the news that their baby will die.
_	In November 2010, senior writer Dan Lamothe broke the news that the Marine Corps had recommended former Cpl. Dakota Meyer for the Medal of Honor, the nation's highest award for valor, for bravery in Afghanistan in September 2009.
_	upon the news that the BBC are set to syndicate Sister Wendy’s programmes across the world.
_	Exercises off Okinawa were followed by a number of exercises off Korea region that had once again become the focus of world attention with the news that North Korea was attempting to develop nuclear weapons.
_	On July 13, 2011, "The Hollywood Reporter" released the news that Fake Empire would be producing an upcoming film adaption of "The Luxe" book series, to be also produced by Alloy Entertainment (who also produce the Fake Empire produced TV series "Gossip Girl").
_	However tragedy struck Paisley Park a day after the team's 2–1 home win against Cairnlea, with the news that then-current striker Nazir Ismail had died due to a car accident in the night.
_	A messenger delivered the news that Perseus had successfully defeated the sea monster.
_	Arlene crashed Mateo and Hayley's wedding reception with the news that she and Adam had gotten married.
_	When Archie joins him in the dining room, Wolfe is unfazed by the news that he is overdrawn at the bank — but he is taken aback at the discovery that Fritz has altered one of his favorite dishes without consulting him.
_	Morrow consoles her with the news that Bergman is flying down to lead a new search mission.
_	The following morning on Sunday 27 November 2011, Walker received the news that Speed had died at his house in Cheshire.
_	Cunincpert's men were horrified by the news that the King had been killed.
_	Hearing the news that Yi Ji-yeong had died, many people were said to be comforted and cheered.
_	Paige was sitting with George W. Bush at the Emma E. Booker Elementary School in Sarasota, Florida, when Bush received the news that a second plane had hit the World Trade Center in the September 11, 2001 attacks.
_	The writers paired Wilson with Deidre Hall's character, resident shrink, Marlena Evans, as she examines his mental stability upon hearing the news that he is rehabilitated.
_	Denisov arrives with the news that Napoleon and his army are crossing into Russia.
_	Mrs. Clarkson is excited by the news that Sir Julian Kent, a renowned British composer, is going to be her guest.
_	Arriving in Sicily, he was met with the news that his father had died on 16 November 1272.
_	Another rural leader, King Ksheeradara (played by Mark Samson) heard the news that Paandu has also converted to Buddhism, he went with his army to attack Paandu to take the relic and become its sole survivor.
_	Upon their return to Germany in February 1967, the Monks learned the news that Polydor Records refused to distribute "Black Monk Time" in the United States because of the cynical nature of the tracks referring to the Vietnam War.
_	Martha's mother, in a hysterical reaction to the news that her daughter intends to marry, swallows an overdose of pills and collapses to the floor.
_	Much of the discord is triggered by the news that Sarah's TV show has been canceled and that Aldous is about to embark on a world tour with his group, Infant Sorrow, for 18 months.
_	Jules then breaks the news that Laurie is pregnant, which she discovered after "borrowing" Laurie's urine for a physical exam.
_	The existing INA troops’ unhappiness was further compounded by the news that the 3rd Division of the INA was not going to be allowed to go to Burma to fight for India’s independence.
_	On Osman's way back he had received the news that he had a son born on 20 October 1621.
_	The BBC said Taj's most notable moment was "His reaction to the news that Jack and Nina were having an affair."
_	Meanwhile, the news that Giovanni is ruined spreads.
_	The latter was able to conquer Arezzo and then invade the Kingdom of Naples, but midway was reached by the news that Louis had suddenly died at Bisceglie on 20 September 1384.
_	Their advance to the Monte Caseros barracks was slowed down by the rains and the news that rebel soldiers had laid mines that had wounded three loyal officers.
_	The album coincided with the news that the group had decided to split.
_	Later that same day, OHL first announces that Arnold Rijsenburg has signed as part of the staff, becoming the second assistant first team coach for head manager Ronny Van Geneugden, before spreading the news that the club has signed yet another Belgian defender.
_	To each on the road bring the news that they come!
_	It was later learned that the Americans were so dismayed by the loss of this battery, which would be capable of inflicting such damage on their lines when the attack was renewed, that they were preparing to abandon the town when they received the news that the British themselves were withdrawing.
_	On 8 December, she received the news that the Japanese had started hostilities.
_	On June 18, 2012, online edition of " Nature" magazine published the news that Victor Ponta, "Prime Minister of Romania, has been accused of copying large sections of his 2003 PhD thesis in law from previous publications, without proper reference".
_	In the autumn, Kublia Khan's subordinate in Persia, Ahmad Fanakati (Leonard Nimoy), returns to the Kublai's place, with the news that he has completed the conquest of the empire.
_	Delhi-based Arati Mishra believed her worst day was when she was divorced from her U.S.-based husband, Suresh, until she got the news that her Kolkata-based son, Siddhartha, had been killed in a traffic accident.
_	On July 16, 1889, Leskov received the news that the whole issue of Volume 6 had been arrested by the police, which led to his first major heart attack.
_	Given the news that all enemy forces were in pursuit, Duarte sought help from his superior, Gen. Estigarribia, who sent him this answer:
_	Wayne and Drake then broke the news that "Tha Carter V" is set to be released on May 5, 2014.
_	Tom is given the news that the Army have tracked down Jacob but were stopped.
_	With the purchase of Woodlane’s Rosehill House (built by Robert Were Fox in 1820) in the offing, it had seemed certain that the School would successfully achieve the recognition that it so earnestly sought, but having underestimated the NACAE’s basic requirements for general accommodation, studio space and staffing, and having failed to convince the Council that such a small institution could survive, it was with regret that the School received the news that the NACAE had refused its application.
_	In 2016, Restaurant Brands shares jumped 9.8 percent on the news that it had purchased New South Wales largest KFC franchiser, QSR Pty Ltd, for A$82.4 million in cash and scrip.
_	Stan Carter is brought to jail, and the news that the Sin-Eater was a policeman shocks the city.
_	In November 2009, the third series was officially announced, with the news that it would be called "Fonejacker 3D" and feature Kayvan Novak portraying both old and new Fonejacker characters face-to-face in the public domain.
_	While they recover in the hospital, they see on the news that efforts to build the snowmen have been renewed, and students from other schools have come to help.
_	The events were triggered by the news that the Turkish consulate in Thessaloniki, north Greece—the house where Mustafa Kemal Atatürk was born in 1881—had been bombed the day before.
_	I have had to get used to getting most of a woman's symptoms from her husband, and not having heart failure when a messenger comes with the news that so and so is "bad off", "about to die", or "got the fever."
_	The station debuted its first long-form newscasts on August 3, 1987, with the premiere of half-hour newscasts at 7:00 p.m. (touted as "the news that doesn't get home before you do") and 11:00 p.m., which aired Monday through Friday evenings; this was followed by the addition of half-hour 9:00 p.m. weekend editions on August 29.
_	Tech speculated from the news that these were Artis and Somatom Emotion type medical scanners.
_	Later, in response to the news that Ashton Kutcher would replace Sheen on "Two and a Half Men", Jimmy as Sheen made a new version of Kutcher's old show "Punk'd" called "Sheen'd" in which he goes around acting obnoxious and bothering people at their jobs.
_	On 12 April the battalion returned to Kalai where they received the news that they were being returned to Australian for rest and re-organisation in preparation for further operations.
_	In August 2011, The Hollywood Reporter broke the news that Goodnight Burbank had been sold to Mark Cuban's HDNet.
_	On 2 September 2015 came the news that Norway would ban The Pirate Bay, including 6 other web pages.
_	Twinks is distraught when she learns the news that her father—whom she admired above all other people—is a criminal.
_	Dr. Prasong told the news that will marry Ura but Anawat mistook the bride is Hatairat.
_	In 2002, when David heard of the news that China was going to build a museum in memory of the people who were killed during the Nanking Massacre, he came to Nanking.
_	On June 4, a few hours before the UFC 199 event, MMAFighting.com reporter Ariel Helwani broke the news that former UFC Heavyweight Champion Brock Lesnar was close to finalizing deal to return at this event, despite being active in the WWE.
_	They came with the news that Pope Gregory XVI had nominated Forcade as Bishop of Samos and Vicar Apostolic of Japan.
_	Despite the news that the Firebase will soon be closed, Castle continues leading a squad on routine patrols, though his men are thinned by sporadic ambushes by the Vietcong.
_	As reported by Frank Lloyd Wright's apprentices at Taliesin, Edgar Kaufmann Sr. was in Milwaukee on September 22, nine months after their initial meeting, and called Wright at home early Sunday morning to surprise him with the news that he would be visiting Wright that day.
_	Clarendon was amazed at the flood of tears the King shed, when he received the news that Berkeley had been killed.
_	The bad financial condition at Eastbourne Buses which caused the sale was illustrated by the news that in April 2007 the company nearly had to close as it could not pay for fuel.
_	In "Buried", Lincoln’s motivation to save his son is triggered again as he overhears on the news that L.J. is being released.
_	The citizens of Ebersbach welcomed the news that they would have a station on the Eastern Railway ("Ostbahn", now called the Fils Valley Railway) from Stuttgart to Ulm.
_	On his arrival there the news that greeted him was that of the massacre of Kabul, and the sieges of Ghazni and Jalalabad, while the sepoys of Madras were on the verge of open rebellion.
_	In a September 17, 2011 interview on BBC Radio 2 with Anthony Kiedis and Chad Smith, the show's host, Justin Lee Collins broke the news that "Monarchy of Roses" would be the second single from the album and would be released on November 14, 2011.
_	She let him in only to find out from the news that the police are looking for him for the murder of his wife.
_	In July 2013, following the news that ESPN 3D and BBC were ceasing 3D productions in 2013, Foxtel announced that Foxtel 3D would cease broadcasting on 27 August 2013 due to a lack of available 3D content.
_	His image was not enhanced by the news that emerged in questioning by the Treasury Select Committee of the House of Commons on 10 February 2009, that Goodwin has no technical bank training, and has no formal banking qualifications.
_	While anchored in Hong Kong harbor on 25 June, the warship received the news that North Korean forces had attacked across the 38th parallel into South Korea.
_	On May 8, 2018, Buzzfeed broke the news that Walsh was removed from her position at the Department of Commerce and was seen being escorted out of the building.
_	following the news that Federalist forces led by General Facundo Quiroga were approaching.
_	Nevertheless, Bedaux's plan worked and Canadian and American newspapers carried the news that three of the cars had been lost and that some of the expedition members had barely escaped death in these terrible "accidents".
_	Drudge, who began his website in 1997 as a supplement to his $10 per year e-mail newsletter, received national attention in 1996 when he broke the news that Jack Kemp would be Republican Bob Dole's running mate in the 1996 US presidential election.
_	In 1998, Drudge made national waves when he broke the news that "Newsweek" magazine had information on an inappropriate relationship between "a White House intern" and President Bill Clinton—the Monica Lewinsky scandal—but was withholding publication.
_	Only days before Quoyle had received the news that his ailing parents killed one another in a suicide pact.
_	His mother Dorothy received the news that North had died in a doctor's office that morning.
_	This caused residents of Birmingham to be blindsided when the news that SouthTrust had reached a deal to sell itself to Wachovia was announced.
_	A then homeless Guzin arrives at Ali and his wife Sue's (Sandy Ratcliff) doorstep with the news that Mehmet had beaten her, and she isn't ever returning to him.
_	A blog contributor's July 21, 2008, post broke the news that a recent "Blondie" strip had been recycled almost verbatim from one published in 1952.
_	McCormack was Jason's Speech/Language Pathologist throughout high school, and the day after the game he got a copy of the video to local sports newscaster John Kucko who put it on the news that night.
_	Following this, the Center welcomed the news that the U.S. Congress and administration canceled the bilateral debt of over 30 Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC).
_	I called up my mother to break the news that her son was not going to a law firm: "Mom, you've just got to remember that Cy Vance Jr. — who, of course, is now the D.A. — he's in the D.A.'s office.
_	By 11 am the Rangers had returned with the news that the impi was on the move and was to attack Kambula at noon.
_	His mother, Anne Addis, was contacted at her home in England with the news that Alan was missing on patrol, but then the following day the police visited her to inform her that Alan was presumed drowned in an accident.
_	In his "Idées républicaines" (1765), he reacted to the news that "The Social Contract" had been burned in Geneva, saying "The operation of burning it was perhaps as odious as that of writing it.
_	Conversely, the news that the ore vein was spent meant people would move on to the next opportunity, merchants needed to close their doors due to lack of business, and the town was in danger of becoming deserted.
_	It came with the news that Thomas Randolph, 1st Earl of Moray, the guardian of the infant David, had died suddenly on 20 July.
_	With this came the news that the Class 86 fleet would progressively be replaced by Class 90 locomotives cascaded from Virgin Trains.
_	Inspector Tigere Chigome, a national Traffic Police spokesman, explained in the news that the accident happened at 1:20 AM.
_	“At the time I went on the air (to break the news that the fight in Detroit would be postponed), the promoter (Bob Arum) was in Detroit saying that the fight was still on.
_	Ashraf Javed, a staff reporter for "The Nation", broke the news that a gang of 20 to 25 men had allegedly filmed up to 400 videos of child sexual abuse, involving at least 280 children of Hussain Khanwala village in Kasur.
_	His best friend, Dr. Scott Carter, breaks the news that Peter only has a short time left to live.
_	Meanwhile, Duncan (Teddy Dunn) returns from running away earlier, and Veronica and Logan's relationship matures as she reacts to the news that he had roofies the night of the party.
_	On June 10, Dave Fridmann updated his website with the news that the album could be out sometime in August.
_	On 12 September 1988, Pet Shop Boys released a brand new single, "Domino Dancing" and in the documentary Neil recounts his disappointment when hearing the news that the single had reached number 7 in the UK Singles Chart.
_	The vote was in response to the news that Charles I was entering into an engagement with the Scots.
_	Tanu to come to the party on time, King shares with Pragya the news that he decided to work on the album and about their challenge.
_	They were busy preparing for landings on the island of Vis (Lissa) when the news that the Austrian fleet was at sea and seeking battle reached them.
_	After two weeks leave the division began to train for the invasion, and the news that it was to be an assault division was not greeted well by the other ranks.
_	The Canary Island controller greeted the crew in the morning with the news that there would be a second maneuver - 5 meters forward - to line the vehicles up properly.
_	On 24 December 2014 Same Difference broke the news that they had disbanded but were still considering as to whether to release their third and final album, "Superheroes".
_	In March 1801 Captain Manley Dixon of at Port Mahon, sent Briggs to Rear-Admiral Sir John Borlase Warren's fleet with the news that Admiral Honoré Ganteaume had sailed from Toulon bound for Egypt.
_	Ashley then calls with the news that Zack is in hospital, having fallen victim to muggers who stuck his mobile phone up his bottom (to some embarrassment when Chloe rang him).
_	Lord Gunthar is so impressed by Laurana that he asks her to travel to the High Clerist's Tower to bring the news that Sturm has been cleared and to deliver the new Dragonlances to the knights.
_	Upon death of Slavko Goldstein, a prominent Croatian writer and publisher of Jewish origin, Mili Plenković pastor of Hvar published a Facebook post in which he expressed that he was "happy upon hearing the news that Goldstein died" because according to him: "yet another hater of Croatia vanished from this world".
_	As Nitin does not want to go back to Kuljeet, they come up with a plan – they decide to get a dead body from Maamu and throw it onto the railway tracks, along with his driving licence, and then spread the news that the kidnappers have killed Nitin.
_	Lindner was outraged by the news that Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama was going to address the Minnesota Legislature.
_	Mephistopheles, disguised as a courier, brings the news that she has died and sent a gift to Faust.
_	In January 1999, newspaper headlines heralded the news that the Drayton Festival Theatre had been chosen by the Ontario Government to assume operation of the King’s Wharf Theatre in Penetanguishene.
_	Wilson commented on the news that he would soon depart from the game show, and thanked fans.
_	On 26 November 1934, six days after receiving the news that the German air force would be as large as the RAF within one year, the Cabinet decided to speed up air rearmament from four years to two.
_	On August 1703, Cubero heard the news that Vargas was in Mexico City and headed to Santa Fe to take the charge of governor of New Mexico (Vargas had taken over the government of New Mexico for the second time at the end of 1703).
_	Few days later the broker Rajesh Kanna (Manobala), who helped Shiva's mother, visits them with the news that they are going to organize a game show.
_	He also broke the news that a song he has written is going to be featured in the new Al Pacino film.
_	Just as Mike breaks the news that Paul is missing from police custody, Paul walks out of a police car.
_	Once you receive the news that Azucena is actually the princess Aurora, Mayor Patácio (Mark Caruso) and his wife Ternurinha (Zeze Polessa) deal to disclose this fact.
_	Once they return to Melbourne to prepare the finale, Alex breaks the news that they have one more challenge to conquer, straight out of the pages of Madison magazine.
_	She returns to her father, who gives her the news that her young lover has in fact died of grief, whereupon he goes to his grave and digs up the bones, finding that her handkerchief is tied round the skull.
_	On 2 November 1938, Chamberlain made another effort to win Italy away from Germany by announcing that his government would soon bring the Easter Agreement into effect, following the news that Italy were pulling 10,000 troops out of Spain.
_	In a letter to his friend William H. Clagett, Clemens complained of the news that "they" (Union troops) had "thrashed" and defeated "our Missourians".
_	In February 1913, while in Madison, Wisconsin, he received the news that Scott and four comrades had reached the pole on 17 January 1912, but had all perished by 29 March, during their return journey.
_	Crispin is crushed by the news that his mosaic is to be destroyed, seeing it as a death.
_	They decide to marry, but when the soldier returns home to the United States, he receives a letter from Luz with the news that she has fallen in love with an officer.
_	When Shin hears the news that the king's father and ruler of Joseon, Heungseon Daewongun, is going to hold a national pansori contest, he changes his mind and decides to train Jin for the competition.
_	While the team was in New Zealand in late February 1964, he received the news that his wife and three children had died in a motor accident, and returned to South Africa immediately.
_	However performances on track were overshadowed by the news that the Smallmead Stadium lease expired in October 2008 and would not be renewed.
_	In his autobiography "Andretti", Mario described the day, which saw him laid up in a hospital bed, witnessing his youngest son's serious injury, and then woke up to hear the news that his other son
_	In August 2012 Herald Sun broke the news that Lucy was set to play Kylie in the sequel to the Logie winning TV series .
_	Her hopes in the end are bolstered by the news that Panfilo may be coming back to Naples after all.
_	Song Ryul (played by Choe Sang-soo) is a peasant studying in Seoul when he hears the news that his father is ill and he has to return to the countryside.
_	Soto dispatched his fellow pack members Zeke and Oscar to warn Diego to hurry and bring Roshan or not return at all, though was reciprocated with the news that alongside Roshan, Soto would receive a mammoth.
_	The photos came with the news that the title was called "Mr. Chu", an upbeat dance track composed by Duble Sidekick, David Kim and Seion.
_	In 1983, Pat receives the news that Tony had been killed on assignment for "The Banner" in Lebanon by a terrorist group; the widow soon leaves Llanview to accept a job in Chicago.
_	The impetus to build "Monitor" was prompted by the news that the Confederates were building an ironclad warship, named "Virginia", that could effectively engage the Union ships blockading Hampton Roads and the James River leading to Richmond and ultimately advance on Washington, D.C. and other cities, virtually unchallenged.
_	On 4 September 2012 M. Pokora's official website posted the news that the album had sold over 200,000 copies in France, earning double platinum certification.
_	In Seattle protests began in May 2015 in response to the news that the Port of Seattle made an agreement with Shell to berth rigs at the Port's Terminal 5 during the off-season of oil exploration in Alaskan waters.
_	In an interview on his MSNBC show, Benjamin was asked, "Do you want to revise that given the news that Hugo Chávez has closed the last nationally broadcast opposition television station for criticizing him?"
_	When the novel begins, Gerald O'Hara is returning from Twelve Oaks (having purchased a slave to be wife to his devoted valet Pork) with the news that Ashley Wilkes, with whom 16-year-old Scarlett O'Hara is convinced she is in love, has just formally become engaged to his second cousin, Melanie Hamilton of Atlanta.
_	Stoke suffered a major blow before their match against Queens Park Rangers with the news that Bojan will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
_	With that announcement came the news that Vietoris, together with the reigning Formula 3 Euroseries champion Roberto Merhi and the reigning Formula Renault 3.5 Series champion Robert Wickens, would become a part of the new Junior Team and that the three of them would drive for the Junior Team in the 2012 DTM season.
_	When Stephanie gets the news that she can have a baby via surrogacy, she thinks it's too soon in their relationship to ask him to be the father.
_	On 19 July Howard received the news that the Armada had been seen off Lizard Point, Cornwall.
_	Nell comes in with the news that Howard has had a heart attack.
_	On 15 April, "Rolling Stone" broke the news that Starr was "in London working on a new album with Joe Walsh acting as the producer."
_	As the family ponders whether to leave Wisconsin, a new crisis arrives with the news that the Dakota Natives are planning to massacre the local settlers.
_	In chapter 1, it is disclosed that his mother and at least one of her women friends are loyal to Japan, refuse to believe the news that Japan lost the war, and are eagerly awaiting the arrival of Japanese warships in Seattle.
_	During his march to Gujarat, near Chittor, Multani received the news that Kafur had been killed.
_	A few days later, Feeney, an intelligence officer for the rebels, arrives with the news that four Irishmen were shot by the English and that Hawkins and Belcher are to be executed that evening.
_	In response to the news that Pueblan police were keeping the media away from the rescue effort at the behest of British officials, newscaster Leonardo Kourchenko asked, "Are the Puebla state police subordinate to the British?"
_	Primed by an envoy with the news that Ariadne is alone and sorrowing, the chorus again sings in sympathy with her.
_	The return of an emissary from the Presbyterian heartland of Ayrshire, George Barclay, with the news that Monmouth had already landed (completely inaccurate) and that hundreds of potential recruits in Ayrshire had offered themselves for the rebellion (probably accurate) encouraged Hume and others to become frustrated with Argyll's focus on Kintyre, particularly as some of the levies from Islay were already beginning to desert.
_	On January 28, 2014, the album was officially announced along with the release of the album's debut single, "Look at You" and the news that the duo had parted ways with Warner Bros.
_	They discuss how much they lost during the war, and hear the news that Baghdad has fallen to Coalition troops.
_	The characters' attention shifts in response to the news that Thierry's fiancée — the fifteen-year-old princess Ordella, daughter of the King of Aragon — has arrived.
_	Eastern Time as the second plane hit the North Tower of the World Trade Center and through an interview with CNN correspondent David Ensor, reported the news that U.S. officials determined "that this is a terrorist act."
_	Chris arrives home with the news that he has been drafted into the U.S. Army.
_	In the same month, Han was chosen as a regular cast member of a South Korean variety show called "Invincible Youth"; the news that a girl group member who hadn't debuted yet would be selected for a variety program caused a huge sensation.
_	A group of children search for Indrajeet (Suraj Balajee) to convey the news that his father Krishna (Tirlok Malik) has returned from the United States.
_	Their relationship would be challenged by the news that Steve had a wife.
_	When the news that sitting United States president, Barack Obama was to visit Cuba was released—marking the first time a sitting president had visited the island nation in 88 years—the concert was rescheduled from 20 March 2016 to 25 March 2016.
_	Anne reciprocates with the news that her affair has ended.
_	On 9 December 1980, McCartney followed the news that Lennon had been murdered the previous night; Lennon's death created a media frenzy around the surviving members of the band.
_	Written by "Heroes" writer Joe Pokaski, this story digs into how the Inhuman Royal Family deals with the news that the Black Bolt had been replaced by a Skrull imposter.
_	But his bitter thoughts of revenge are interrupted by the news that Nearco, a fellow Christian, has been arrested by the Romans for his religious beliefs.
_	After hearing the news that the document was found, Jeon paid 10,000 won as worth as ten enormous residences in major cities at the time.
_	One day, Kamla gets the news that her husband is returning, and she is overjoyed.
_	They learn from the news that the President has left the White House to stay in an undisclosed location.
_	When Yeon Hwa heard the news that Yoon Jae and Yoo Ra are to be married, she makes and escape from jail and plans to show up at the wedding unannounced, and do something drastic to Yoo Ra to get her to confess.
_	At the age of 17, Mara's ceremonial pledge of servantship to the goddess Lashima is interrupted by the news that her father and brother have been killed in battle.
_	Brock was evidently upset by the news that the conspirators had been shot.
_	Flores estimated 1,500 Indians were moving forward to attack the Presidio, when he saw 3 San Antonio Mission Indians who "brought the news that the Texas and Comanche Indians had set fire to the stockyard and the houses at the Mission..."
_	Violence has compromised the news that reaches the rest of the world.
_	Marge sees on the news that the SEC is looking for Artie Ziff.
_	After they were satisfied that the album was strong, their publicist Bruce Replogle leaked the news that the couple were back in the studio again.
_	This version, enlarged by the fox's many flights of rhetoric, recounts how the beast tries to lure the cock down from a wall with the news that universal friendship has been declared between the hunters and the hunted.
_	A 2008 article from the "New York Times" gave many in the fashion world their first glimpse of Margiela's face, as well as breaking the news that he allegedly offered to hand the reins of his company over to Raf Simons, who appears to have declined the offer.
_	When he got the news that the school was long over, he had some hot arguments with the class teacher named Mr. Swami about their irresponsibility.
_	The skirmishers thrown out on that side soon discovered my lonely presence and hustled me to Colonel Chambers with the news that no Indians were visible.
_	One safari, led by Jungle Jim, wants to make sure she gets the news that she is now a rich woman and escort her back to civilisation.
_	Excerpts from the first meeting, which took place on October 16, 1962, document the reactions of the committee members upon initially hearing the news that medium and long-range ballistic missiles might be stationed in Cuba.
_	In 1988 he was sacked for refusing to bury the news that the Palestinian leadership had declared its own state and conceded Israel's right to exist.
_	Upon the receiving of the news that democracy has come to Iraq, one scene shows a man having a knife held to his throat, which caused some controversy after the episode was broadcast.
_	Upon receiving the news that the Neapolitans refused the Tripolitans demands, the Pasha declared war on the Kingdom of the Two Sicillies.
_	At dinner that day, Keith and Veronica see on the news that the convicted murderer of Lilly Kane (Amanda Seyfried), Abel Koontz, has fired his legal defense counsel.
_	It is reported in the news that the culprit looks like Venom who shows up and wants to find out who is impersonating him.
_	On 6 July the list of contestants was announced, with the news that the word "Celebrity" would be dropped from the show title, due to the inclusion of non celebrities.
_	Their joy is cut short when they see in the news that all the trees in the forest are disappearing.
_	On September 10, 1946, came the news that in Bujstina they–the communists- had a list of younger priests who had to be “liquidated” by the Popular Guard.
_	After he heard the news that Shin Suk-ho had built his own company, he comes to him and asks him for a job.
_	I feel about the same way I did when someone told me the news that Bill (Bojangles) Robinson was dead".
_	The action was reported by ‘Urabi as a battle, and Cairo was full of the news that the advancing British had been repulsed.
_	While Yamaguchi was struggling with the song's lyrics, Sakanaction's manager gave them the news that one of their songs would be used for the theme song of the drama "Dinner".
_	On hearing the news that Lloyd had won the election, Fahy said "one of the key roles of the PCC was negotiating and influencing the other local authorities, the health service, businesses and other organisations ...
_	Jeff Tuche (played by Jean-Paul Rouve) is initially delighted with the news that the new TGV is passing near his village Bouzolles, but then discovers to his horror that the TGV will not have a stop in Bouzolles.
_	In the fourth season, Lorna is angered when nobody has any reaction to the news that she is married.
_	In an interview with Daily Post, he said: "Earlier in the week, a friend and former course mate with whom we graduated in 2008 having completed our studies for MBA from Ahamdu Bello University Zaria, called with the news that my name was amongst those who are said to be at the National Assembly having no more than the barest minimum academic qualification which is a GCE.
_	Silvia and Celso plan to elope, but suddenly Claudio and Carlotta arrive with the news that the children have been kidnapped.
_	He resupplied the colony with all the food and wine (which Smith bought on credit) he could spare, and also brought the news that the Company was being reorganized and was sending more supplies and settlers to Jamestown along with a new governor.
_	Among the first stories covered by the new daily in 1912 was the news that Sault Ste. Marie would be incorporated as a city later that year.
_	They had already received sums totalling £2,400 from the underwriters, when they were surprised by the arrival of bills from Corcubión, together with the news that "Girl Pat" had sailed from the port on 24 April, her destination unknown.
_	On 26 April 1992, Leeds beat Sheffield United 3–2 at Bramall Lane and with the news that their challengers Manchester United lost 2–0 to Liverpool at Anfield, it confirmed them as champions.
_	Her servant, Marta, arrives with the news that Pauloff has been seen in the nearby woods.
_	Meredith Vieira asks Jenna's opinion on the news that Tracy has left "TGS".
_	Vera's brother Edward visits, introducing his friend, fellow soldier Geoffrey Thurlow, and brings the news that Roland has just arrived back home on leave.
_	The Byzantine emperor was preparing for an invasion of Bulgaria, when he heard the news that George Terter II had died, apparently of natural causes.
_	He finally did sign the card on September 13, "after being told that failure to comply would cause great embarrassment to the Herter administration," but McCarthy was not satisfied by the news that Aldrich had eventually complied.
_	Shortly afterwards, they received the news that Xerxes had crossed the Hellespont.
_	The announcement also came with the news that the long-awaited full-length debut from Diemonds, "The Bad Pack", would be released via Underground Operations with distribution through Universal Music Canada on October 2, 2012.
_	On September 2, 1965, Jones made a late-night visit to the Steven home, where he broke the news that the Endowment board had ordered him to dismiss Steven.
_	Because Preble's rank was not high enough for this command "John Adams" also brought the news that he would have to surrender command to Commodore Barron.
_	In the stadium, the atmosphere was tense, especially after a cyclist brought the news that the Australian was in the lead.
_	Later on, after seeing Rama and Lakshmana bound by Indrajit's Nagapasha, Sita instructs Trijata to again create a pyre, but Trijata holds off until she can confirm the truth from her father, and returns with the news that Rama is alive.
_	He was responding to the news that Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko has invited the Pope to visit the country.
_	Further weakened with the news that Castaignède was likely to miss the whole of the coming season, Francois Pienaar, now in full control of coaching operations opted to make use of a crop of younger players coming through the club system.
_	John over the affair and intimidates him with the news that John's wife Jewel (Mary Astor) visited the day before and revealed the affair.
_	However, when Douglas returned to Sweden in June to brief the Riksråd on the progress of negotiations he delivered the news that the Bavarian truce had effectively expired.
_	He immediately drops the scheme when he hears the news that Mehitabel has kittens, and Big Bill has left the scene again.
_	After Jung Bahadur died in Patherghatta, his youngest brother Dhir Shamsher spread the news that Jung Bahadur had not died, but was only critically ill.
_	In response to the news that municipal spending would necessitate larger than normal property tax increases in 2008 and 2009, Iveson expressed support for maintaining levels of spending, saying that he was "tired of this city cheaping out".
_	Jane returns in November with the news that Bobby (now Eliot Carrington) is missing.
_	Malèna gets the news that her husband is killed, adding grief to her isolation.
_	Despite Phi Tau Tau, the rival fraternities best attempt to ruin the party, the Omega's raise the funds necessary to keep Kegston only to be hit with the news that no non-students can live in Greek housing.
_	MCD chief Denis Desmond revealed, on the official Oxegen website in April 2013, the news that Oxegen will return to the Irish festival line-up this summer, after a one-year hiatus.
_	There, the crew heard the news that the storm had sunk three other destroyers and damaged at least 27 other ships.
_	In today's money Byron would have been a millionaire many times over, and the news that a fabulously wealthy British aristocrat known for his generosity in spending money had arrived in Greece made Byron the object of much solicitation in a desperately poor country like Greece.
_	However, the real Clarice arrives back with the news that her marriage with Michael is annulled.
_	League have received a great boost with the news that the office of the Third sector through its new Grassroots Grants scheme, will be supporting community Rugby League in Wandsworth for the next two years.
_	Then on September 11, 2010, during New York Fashion Week, Rowland broke the news that the album was incomplete and would now be released in 2011 so that she could work with R&B songwriting and production duo Jermaine Dupri and Bryan-Michael Cox.
_	One day Willard and Callie get the news that Callie is pregnant, and Willard leaves her.
_	"Aimer, boire et chanter" (2014) was the third film which Resnais adapted from a play by Alan Ayckbourn, in this case "Life of Riley", in which three couples are thrown into confusion by the news that a shared friend has a terminal illness.
_	The following week (on January 19) the "Chronicle "broke the news that filmmaker Eric Steel had been shooting suicide leaps from the bridge during the calendar year of 2004 for his film " The Bridge", which would be released in 2006.
_	In reaction to the news that the Ark of God has been captured, Eli falls backwards out of the chair and dies from a broken neck, on the 10th day of Iyar.
_	When she hears the news that the Ark of God has been captured and that her father-in-law and husband are dead, she goes into labour and gives birth, but is overcome by labour pains.
_	Nneka says that Adigwu has a brother but Ogwoma blurts out the news that she is pregnant to silence her.
_	Wegelius' cycling aspirations suffered an early setback, after being injured in an accident involving an all-terrain vehicle, which resulted in his spleen being removed and the news that he would never cycle again.
_	Meanwhile, Chandan gets the news that his model and project have been approved.
_	Martin then returns with the news that Connie has been sick on the landing.
_	Optimus Prime was there to greet them and give them the news that they were the only known Rescue Force still active, that Cybertron Headquarters was no longer in operation, and Autobots lived on Earth now instead of Cybertron.
_	On April 17, 2013, after months of speculation from fans, a rep from the show confirmed the news that Bryan Craig had been cast in the role of Morgan.
_	On the 22 May 2013 edition of the "BBC News at Six", Robinson relayed the news that the fatal stabbing of an off-duty British soldier in London that afternoon was being treated by the government as a terrorist incident, but attracted criticism after quoting a source describing the perpetrators as being "of Muslim appearance".
_	With enormous sacrifices, then, the sisters are able to set up their first fashion show, but just on the eve of this comes the news that Henry took away his daughter Maria Paola.
_	The title references the motto of "The New York Times", "All the news that's fit to print."
_	In January 2015, MidBoss announced that "Gaming in Color" would be partnering with Devolver Digital and their film branch for the film's major digital distribution, and released the news that "Gaming in Color" will launch on iTunes, Amazon, PlayStation, Xbox, and Vudu on May 19.
_	Peter, overly happy about the news that he is not a "freak," insists that a procedure is done to take the tumour out immediately.
_	In 1803, he carried the news that the War of the Third Coalition had broken out.
_	This episode mainly centers around Stan, who hears the news that Greg and Terry are having plans of starting a family through in vitro fertilization.
_	On hearing the news that the building was no longer to be used as a venue, singer Shirley Bassey commented, "I have many happy memories of singing at the Batley Variety Club so sorry to hear it is closing."
_	Much of the length of their trip was due to the Shah's efforts to do something to console Soraya who took the news that she was infertile very badly.
_	However, when Lafayette does not respond to the news that she is pregnant, she moves out.
_	In the Tower of Commerce, Quark waits outside Brunt's office when Rom suddenly rushes in with the news that Ishka will split her profits with Quark, fifty-fifty.
_	Later, a messenger arrives at Oakwood with the news that Blue Wing has been killed because he killed Wolf Stone.
_	They said in the news that I identified the photo, and it's not true.
_	He has also been credited with breaking the news that President Richard Nixon was going to resign.
_	Meanwhile, the Norman nobility gathered at Le Neubourg to discuss declaring Theobald king, probably following the news that Stephen was gathering support in England.
_	Such was the response to the U.S. President's speeches on May 20, 2002, and the foreign media broke the news that the huge mobilization — a typical resource of the Cuban regime against the U.S. — for irrevocable socialism was the response to the Varela Project.
_	On September 2, 1965, Jones made a late-night visit to the Steven home, where he broke the news that the Endowment board had ordered him to dismiss Steven.
_	The following day, newspapers around the world announced the news that Cooper was dying.
_	Stoke were rocked before the start of the season by the news that Neil Franklin and George Mountford had agreed to play for Independiente Santa Fe in Colombia.
_	With the news that his sister may be dead, Damien requested that they stop searching for Elizabeth.
_	They are both soon thrilled by the news that Jess is pregnant.
_	However, on the day they are due back, Pauline is contacted by the police with the news that Pete and Rose have been killed by a car accident arranged by the Chapman family.
_	When arrived at St Helena in May she brought the news that France had invaded the Netherlands in January.
_	At the news that he had chosen Truskawiec to spend his vacation, the local police commissioner, unable to change Hołówko's mind, assigned a man to shadow him as a bodyguard.
_	Upon hearing the news that the Canadian President is dead, the emigrants - including Charlotte's family - return to Canada.
_	Nick had to learn quickly about the Wesen world in order to become a better Grimm, Hank's reaction to the news that Nick can see creatures as well was one of comfort, and Juliette has been trying to get her memory back in order to fully love her partner once again.
_	Mahesh Babu was reported to be the Narrator of a part of the film and after much speculation, the makers confirmed the news that Mahesh is providing Voice-over for some crucial scenes in the film.
_	The thirty-date Light the Nitro Tour was announced in July along with the news that former Divinyls and Catfish drummer, Charley Drayton, had replaced Prestwich.
_	An incident was reported on the news that night but it was vague.
_	Jonathan's intuition is confirmed when a messenger delivers the news that although they won three battles, Alexander and Ptolemee have been killed.
_	Jane returns with the news that Bobby is missinghe is found on Walford Commonhe wants to return to Walford and Jane agrees.
_	On May 6, 2010, it was announced in the news that the "Chanko Dining Waka" chain was filing for bankruptcy, citing debts of over 147 million yen.
_	A few days later, they get the news that Gopal, the Manager of the Theatre that Beena used to work with, has been arrested and charged with killing a man named Ratanlal.
_	He had previously broken the news that Apple would release a version of its Mac OS X for the Intel platform and Adobe’s development of InDesign, then known by the name, “K2.”
_	His first program featured an interview with Nick Grace of ClandestineRadio.com that broke the name of al Qaeda's extranet, Obelisk, and the news that the extranet's security tightened following a press leak in September 2007.
_	Sally tries to tell Leo Bergen that she’s not going to run for president, but ends up spilling the news that she killed Daniel.
_	Mrs. King had difficulty settling her children with the news that their father was deceased.
_	After hearing the news that Senator Antonio Trillanes told the media in a press conference that Duterte is encouraging his daughter to succeed him, Sara Duterte told Trillanes to leave her alone, or else she will surpass the death threat made by her father Rodrigo Duterte to have Trillanes shot to death.
_	Silva's report also contained the news that the Dutch were building a fort in Formosa (Taiwan), with the aid of the Chinese there.
_	Cat the news that the number one ranked killer, the mysterious "Hundred Eyes" is now a target, and Stray Cat is offered the job.
_	However, Lord Henry arrives with the news that Sibyl Vane has committed suicide.
_	They are interrupted by a phone call from Lisa, informing Kim that she just heard on the news that Adrien murdered his girlfriend and that he is now presumed dead.
_	Wilfred later admires the war medals of Nana's late husband William Moon (Dickon Tolson), then surprises Nana with the news that he has booked a honeymoon in the West Indies.
_	They also receive the news that Negro Creek Road's name is to be restored, and they end the journey relaxing by the shores of Negro Creek, where Abendigo passes away.
_	Clare was woken by John McMahon, foreman carpenter, with the news that that body had been desecrated and the right arm missing.
_	The Howler's death was merely the first of many tragic stories to make the news that fateful day.
_	On April 17, 2013, after months of speculation from fans, a rep from the show confirmed the news that Bryan Craig had been cast in the role of Morgan.
_	At around this point, the news that the Emperor's brother Theodore had decisively defeated Shahin arrived, leading the Avars to retreat to the Balkan hinterland within two days.
_	Local residents of the Dingle reacted angrily to the news that out of town contractors were used to rebuild the building after the trust promised residents that local contractors would be used.
_	The summer of 2008 brought the news that Click Click's back catalogue would be available again, this time via various download platforms including iTunes.
_	In early 1975 came the news that Radio Trent were looking for presenters and Bob Snyder (Radio 270) who was also in the UBN line up, was to become Trent's programme director.
_	In addition, the news that the neighborhood would be declared historical heritage of the city was revealed as it entered the city's file on December 4, 2012.
_	The show is interrupted by the news that the Indians have attacked the train.
_	"I don't accept the news that it was used by Jesus or his family", he told the BBC News website.
_	Fortunately, Ruth shows up, with the news that a wounded witness has regained consciousness and confirmed Drury's claim that Simms is the real bandit.
_	On 27 August 2015, reports confirmed the news that a team from Public Service Media was working in India to prepare and gain experience by observing and discussing the procedures of the "Indian Idol Junior".
_	That if "there's one thing guaranteed to ruin a wedding it's the news that the bride has got weeks to live."
_	At that time, she heard the news that she had been elected to the first superintendent in Jeju.
_	She brings the news that the police have arrested Paul for Karnow's murder, and she wants to hire Wolfe to clear him.
_	Booth is comforted by the news that Brennan does not see him and Broadsky as identical and later successfully arrests him without having to kill him.
_	However Mark is so thrilled at the news that he is about to be a father that Bridget does not tell him about Jack.
_	At that time General Ramírez received the news that Governor General Ferrand was directed towards El Seibo with a respectable force, and determined to master the revolt.
_	Turing speaks about proposing to Joan Clarke and how he broke the news that he had homosexual tendencies.
_	Learning of the local mystery, he shares the news that Generys was seen within the last three weeks, having sold her wedding ring to a silversmith in Peterborough as she and her new man flee the devastation of the Fens.
_	Later that year, "Deadline Hollywood" broke the news that Renner was out of the running and the studio was seeking Benedict Cumberbatch instead.
_	The confirmation of Cumberbatch as the lead and Condon as the director also brought the news that James McAvoy was in talks to play Daniel Domscheit-Berg.
_	At Bewchard's house Hawkmoon and D'Averc meet his sister Jeleana, but are summoned to the quayside by the news that Bewchard's ship has been torched in revenge for his sinking of Valjon's ship.
_	Among the news that quickly spread around the ghetto was the Allied invasion of Normandy on the day it occurred.
_	At the left flank column, a reconnaissance patrol returned with the news that Hill 239 was occupied by Soviet T-34 tanks of the 5th Guards Tank Army.
_	Finally Ginko- who has secretly filled a missing person report- gets the news that Tetsuro has been hospitalized in Osaka.
_	She had left Miramichi, New Brunswick, on 27 October and she brought the news that three vessels had been lost on 18 October on West Point, Prince Edward Island.
_	He was actually named 'Sethu Ramasamy' on the belief of the news that there was Sethu Dam built by Lord Ram in Rameswaram.
_	Wayne and Drake then broke the news that "Tha Carter V" is set to be released on May 5, 2014.
_	On 23 January 2011 was presented to train with the club's youth and there received the news that no longer belonged there that for all your effort shown was chosen for the first team up with two companions of the lower.
_	Celine is taken to the hospital by Jackie and is given the news that she had a miscarriage.
_	However they also suffered a blow with the news that Marko Arnautović had submitted a transfer request.
_	In 1998 Lenny's womanising catches up with him when his ex-girlfriend, Alice, arrives in Walford with the news that she has tested positive for the sexually transmitted disease, Hepatitis B.
_	On the evening of the 28 October, Zoltán Jekelfalussy, the Hungarian governor of Fiume, called Mayor Antonio Vio to his office to give him the news that the Hungarian Government had decided that Fiume was to be abandoned both militarily and politically.
_	He was at the Jesuit house in Barcelona when an American friend arrived who surprised Sullivan with the news that Sullivan's assignment had changed: instead of teaching Fundamental Theology in Boston, he was listed as being assigned to Rome, although his friend knew nothing more than that.
_	While he was incarcerated in Wayne County Jail, as a seventeen-year-old juvenile, his mother visited him and broke the news that she was diagnosed with colon cancer.
_	Similar experiences were happening until August 1974, when the agency Efe spread the news that involved the Paz Wells family:
_	Everyone in the Hwang family is unhappy with the news that even Bok-ja stole Ja-eun's contract and throws Ja-eun out of the house.
_	Mader subsequently began to watch the first three seasons of "Lost" on DVD and was watching the fourth episode when she received the news that she had been chosen for the role.
_	Then, at the Duchess of Richmond's famous ball, comes the news that Napoleon is marching towards the Belgian border.
_	On 18 December 1982, "Irish Times" security correspondent Peter Murtagh broke the news that the telephone of Bruce Arnold and Geraldine Kennedy had been tapped officially with warrants signed by former Minister for Justice Seán Doherty.
_	He also was the first to break the news that Jimmy Carter was running for President.
_	In response to the news that the port of Boston would be closed under the Boston Port Act, an advertisement was posted at the Coffee-house on Wall-street in New York City, a noted place of resort for shipmasters and merchants, inviting merchants to meet on May 16, 1774 at the Fraunces Tavern "in order to consult on measures proper to be pursued on the present critical and important situation."
_	Nevertheless, early in 1197 they were pacified to judge from the news that Yaropolk finally arrived in Novgorod at the end of March.
_	Distracted just before the fight by the news that his mother has died, boxer Jimmy Nolan is defeated in the ring.
_	After receiving the news that his show was canceled in 2007, Lopez criticized president of ABC Entertainment Steve McPherson for using racially motivated reasons for his decision.
_	Celebration of the Bears' improbable win over Arizona was tempered by the news that starting safety Mike Brown was lost for the season with torn ligaments in his foot.
_	Lina breaks into Friedrichs’s house and confronts him with the news that he is probably compromised and must leave Germany immediately any way he can.
_	Later, when Clapton got the news that Cale had died, he performed various tunes composed by JJ Cale for his 2013 Baloise Session concert, dedicating his performance to Cale.
_	He was reading the news that Taliban had abducted 23 Koreans.
_	Because of the news that hit the family, the Bonifacio siblings reunite and help each other in order to spend their father's remaining days with him.
_	Kirk, Spock, and McCoy consult heavily with Sarek, Spock's father and head ambassador from Vulcan to the Federation, and Amanda Grayson, his mother, regarding how to inform the Vulcan population of the corruption, but are interrupted by the news that T'Pau, a Vulcan elder and possibly the most respected living figure on Vulcan at that point, is dying.
_	Dennis and Jenny return a few weeks later with the news that they're engaged.
_	In September 2015, he broke the news that Maryam Namazie had been banned from speaking at the University of Warwick.
_	Manny breaks to him the news that Nipsey is dead.
_	On September 11, 2001, it was Card who famously approached Bush as he was visiting Emma E. Booker Elementary School in Sarasota, Florida, and whispered in his ear the news that a second plane had hit the World Trade Center, confirming that a terrorist attack was underway.
_	Ghezali's attorney, Anton Strand response to the news that Ghezali was reported to have been captured was: "Yes, I'm surprised by it.
_	The Ryudo brothers' cousin, Matsuri Toba, and her family are taken hostage and it is reported in the news that they have been murdered by the Ryudos.
_	In his 1991 autobiography "Life Is Too Short", Tong's co-star Mickey Rooney wrote that Tong was upset by the news that "Mickey" faced cancellation.
_	"Deadspin" broke the news that the reported September 2012 death of the girlfriend of Notre Dame All-American linebacker Manti Te'o, which Te'o had said inspired him during the 2012 season, was apparently a hoax.
_	She does not get involved in the family business, until she receives the news that her father died in a hiking accident.
_	Then follows a scene in which Eryxene, long betrothed to Gandartes, delicately prepares him for the news that she does not feel bound to a faithfulness that extends to the realm of thought, saying that "this sort of absolute devotion is no longer in fashion."
_	In a surprise announcement on September 22, 2017, Army of Freshmen released the news that they would be celebrating their 20th Anniversary in 2018 with the return of the Get Happy Tour in the United Kingdom.
_	Clearly, the correspondent knew nothing of the new town of Collingwood at the site that he named, and it seems equally clear that he lacked the mental wherewithal to realise from the news that had come his way that colonisation must have been spreading to the Diamantina-Western area.
_	Upon hearing the news that the capital had already been sacked, the governor withdrew his army.
_	In October 2006 she realized the single Esen Vo Mene and with the realization of this single she gave the news that her second studio album was upcoming.
_	Chance for Budi reunited with Lily slowly diminished, until May 13 1969, Mr. Ho came to hide in a barber shop frequented by Budi and had delivered the news that Lily has been moved to Penang.
_	Frank's mother bitterly receives the news that she has a granddaughter, telling Adrienne that Frank was always selfish and that he never looked in on her.
_	(Their timing and coverage was serendipitous as McGovern was already in the news that week, responding to journalists about a newly released White House tape disclosing Nixon's controversial remarks about him on election night 1972.)
_	Bo the news that he is being completely exonerated only to find that he has hanged himself with a bedsheet.
_	Recognising the music, Jean-François is able to give his friend the news that will change his life.
_	Maya later rebuked the chatter and explained, “"I think it’s confusing to the audience if they read in the news that I’m ‘replacing’ her.
_	A while after, Roy and Hayley are dealt with the news that her cancer is terminal.
_	Latham was rescued by the French destroyer "Harpon" and taken back to France, where he was met by the news that Blériot had entered the competition.
_	Roger, a reporter, changes his mind, however, when he bursts into a New Year's Eve party with the news that his paper is assigning him to a post in Japan and asks Julie to marry him that evening.
_	At two o'clock the next morning, Cherry, unable to find Archer, who by this time is concealed in Mrs. Sullen's closet, runs to Aimwell with the news that the robbers are leaving for Lady Bountiful's home.
_	The team gathers afterward with the news that Alfredo's O2 sats are down to 88 and his lungs are giving out.
_	His last words, after Ziegler gave him the news that subscriptions for the 1935-1936 season were exceeding expectations, were, "That's grand."
_	Friend and actress Joan Collins broke the news that Miller had died in his sleep in Woodland Hills, California on June 6, 2012; he was 79 years old.
_	This came at the news that both WCW Champion Bret Hart and Jeff Jarrett, two of the company's top performers, were injured and could not participate at the event.
_	Meanwhile, they received the news that King Naresuan and his army were marching toward Lower Burma.
_	Some American media reacted to the news that Atlanta had won the bid to host the 1996 Olympic Games by saying the event would be organized by a group of rednecks.
_	After Peter Parker gives in to the news that he is a clone and Ben Reilly is the true individual, he allies himself with the Jackal.
_	Following the news that San Francisco has plans to give a large tax break to the local company, Twitter, the website held a discussion to try to establish a consensus on the issue.
_	In the night of February 17/18, 1863, an Imperial Russian Army unit, stationed in Wloclawek was alarmed by the news that Polish insurgents concentrated near the village of Niszczewy in the region of Kujawy.
_	Butters' hapanoa is interrupted, however, by the news that the Mahalo Rewards Card is being eliminated, and that their points will no longer be accepted.
_	Once Morazán reached the capital, he took it easily and freed Guzman, who immediately left for Quetzaltenango to give the news that Carrera was defeated; Carrera then, taking advantage of what his enemies believed, applied a strategy of concentrating fire on the Central Park of the city and also employed surprise attack tactics which caused heavy casualties to the army of Morazán, finally forcing the survivors to fight for their lives.
_	Some veteran O.C. punk-rockers had similarly unsentimental reactions to the news that their long-ago playpen would be razed.
_	On July 31, 2012 Variety posted the news that Nicole Holofcener has written the script for the film and Amy J. Berg is set to direct the film to make her directorial debut.
_	Triggered by the news that her friend Lorraine has been brutally beaten by her mother's boyfriend (and by her own mother's refusal to take her to the hospital to visit Lorraine), Dawn loses control and again winds up in the emergency room after having brutally slashed her body.
_	At 2:30am on 28 October, Dunlop was awakened with the news that a strange vessel was approaching.
_	In June, Robertson received the news that he had been offered a place at Camberley.
_	With this information, San Martín spread the news that the bulk of the army would cross to Chile by Uspallata.
_	Seeing it on the news that night, Danko straps Matt to a vest of bombs (fulfilling one of his paintings), drugs him and dumps him in the middle of Washington D.C. in order to make people "understand" that people with abilities are terrorists by presumably detonating the bomb Matt's attached to.
_	Cruzado was called up to participate in the Copa América, and during this time journalist Daniel Peredo first announced the news that Cruzado would join Italian club ChievoVerona after the summer tournament.
_	Raj gets the news that terrorists may again attack his family.
_	However, the launch was tarnished by the news that Virgin Media had also dropped popular channels such as Dave, Drama, Home, Really and Yesterday, leading to protest from customers who were unhappy at the changes.
_	Meanwhile, Li and Guo heard only of the news that Tong Pass had fallen, but did not know what had happened afterwards, and they decided to withdraw back west of the Taihang Mountains.
_	A few weeks later, Craig received a call from the clinic, with the news that Rosanna has woken up and left the clinic.
_	In a telephone conversation between Richard Nixon and Charles Colson, taped on July 1, 1971, Colson relates the news that Lyndon Johnson privately believed that Hoopes had played a role in releasing the Pentagon Papers to the press, and that he would have liked to see Hoopes taken to court by the government alongside various newspapermen.
_	However, it was halted ten days later by the news that the Rajah of Jodhpur had reached a peaceful agreement with the British and that troops were no longer needed.
_	This meant that qualification remained a difficult prospect however hopes were boosted by the news that Switzerland had dropped two points by drawing in Tblisi.
_	When they receive the news that Natalia died in a car crash while "escaping" to Pompano Beach, only Luis is devastated by the news.
_	At the end of Season 4 they receive the news that they're both allowed to stay on Team One together while being in a relationship.
_	You'd think that getting the news that you've been Number One in five consecutive decades would make you feel old, but this makes me feel young.
_	On 13 February 1942 came the news that they were to be reroled and on 1 March the men said goodbye to their horses; by a matter of a day, the Queen's Own Yorkshire Dragoons gained the distinction of being the last active cavalry regiment in the British Army.
_	After the news that Hatfield left the Kings due to personal matters, the team selected Reil Cervantes and James Martinez in the 2011 PBA draft, but only kept Cervantes due to the guard heavy roster.
_	Two years later, Plaskett's manager called Kenney with the news that she was invited to attend Gordie Sampson's Songcamp in Cape Breton.
_	Matchill soon confronts his sister and her companions with the news that he has married his meek and rather brow-beaten serving-woman Rachel.
_	Mrs. Rodriquez gets the news that her son Mike has died in the war.
_	While there she received the news that her former colleagues Otto Hahn and Fritz Strassmann in Berlin had discovered that the collision of a neutron with a uranium nucleus produced barium as one of its byproducts.
_	Some of the news that the show generated had nothing to do with its worth—de Mille had dancer Francis Rainer fired, and Rainer alleged that the dismissal was due to her union activism.
_	In August, Ninian told Grey of Wilton the news that Mary, Queen of Scots, had sailed for France from Dumbarton Castle.
_	Dàna started to publish in 2013 after the news that "Cothrom", the Gaelic magazine for learners by Clì, would be coming to an end (it has since gone to a digital form).
_	The following year, Ellen visited Grace and returned with the news that she had become a mother to two twin boys.
_	In the late 1990s, when he sees on the news that the construction of the Three Gorges Dam will soon flood the village he spent three years in, Ma travels back in the hope of finding the Little Seamstress again.
_	On the other hand, the remaining 10 acts from Mindanao were personally visited by the judges in their hometown to inform the news that they are qualified for the semi-finals.
_	It used authentic footage taken at the Battle of Tarawa to tell the story of the American servicemen from the time they get the news that they are to participate in the invasion to the final taking of the island and raising of the Stars and Stripes.
_	In October 1949, Fuchs approached Henry Arnold, the head of security at Harwell, with the news that his father had been given a chair at the University of Leipzig in East Germany.
_	He receives a phone call from his childhood friend Anjali Sharma (Tulip Joshi) who shocks him with the news that she is getting married.
_	When he arrived in Hoboken on November 11 he was greeted by the news that the Great War had ended.
_	But on that day, a day in which Bergman made his first start off the DL, the Nationals received the news that shortstop Cristian Guzmán, their leadoff hitter (and second on the team with a .329 batting average) was lost for the rest of the season due to a thumb injury he had received the day before tagging out a runner.
_	Reg has an excessively legalistic Christianity, and he reacts to the news that his son has taken a life with an extreme literalism and a confusingly condescending reaction.
_	Polgas and the rest of the gang visit the Philippine Eagle Nature Center, where they get the news that the equipment left by the illegal loggers at the waterfall had now been dismantled and that Pete and Jeffrey were doing well.
_	But just as he was apprehended, Michael saved the day with the news that he had arranged for Cane to stay legally because of Lily’s condition.
_	Abhinandan returns to see his mother and gives her the news that he has found his father.
_	On April 4, 1968, it was Tom Johnson who walked into the Oval Office to hand President Johnson the news that Martin Luther King, Jr. had been shot (at that moment it was not known or confirmed that MLK was dead).
_	However, in 1976 at the Democratic National Convention, the focus of the organization changed forever when a 13-year-old CE reporter (Gilbert Giles) scooped the news that Walter Mondale would be Jimmy Carter's running mate.
_	When they finally meet Jessica at the Compton estate, she breaks the news that Bill is Hep-V positive.
_	She uses care and caution when approaching potentially unsettling moments, like telling Amelia that they are moving (again) and breaking the news that she is going out on a date.
_	Death messengers, in former times, were those who were dispatched to spread the news that an inhabitant of their city or village had died.
_	His wife had not been aware of the affair until she received a letter from MacGregor breaking the news that her memoirs, which were about to be published, would include an account of the affair.
_	Byrne tweeted that it was a "sad day today with the news that Folkface are no more."
_	One day they were reached by the news that the king was in the city of Vadstena.
_	During February and March Strachan searched in vain, eventually receiving the news that Willaumez had anchored in neutral Salvador in Brazil during April.
_	Debbie storms out, shocked by the news that her husband has just delivered.
_	Gordon arrives with the news that Darnley has been murdered and learns that Mary as now been hopelessly compromised by Bothwell's actions.
_	In 1822 West was delighted by the news that the Church Missionary Society would be supporting his efforts by sending Elizabeth Bowden, a schoolmistress and the fiancée of George Harbidge, West's earlier companion to Canada, to teach the Indian girls the Red River settlement.
_	They returned with the news that Esau was coming to meet Jacob with an army of 400 men.
_	Marc on the other hand later stuns Wilhelmina with the news that he did get a job with "Vogue".
_	Soon Publio arrives to arrest Sesto, bearing the news that it was one of Sesto's co-conspirators who dressed himself in Tito's robes and was stabbed, though not mortally, by Sesto.
_	Then on 30 November the commander of XII Corps, Lt-Gen Neil Ritchie, visited HQ 59 AGRA with the news that due to the acute shortage of infantry replacements, the formation was soon to be disbanded.
_	An education welfare officer visits the Maaliks the following day to break the news that Misbah is to be fined for Imran's truancy, which leads her to decide that Imran will be grounded for a week and have his camera confiscated.
_	At the end of Season 4 they receive the news that they're both allowed to stay on Team One together while being in a relationship.
_	Three things happen to Kinsey Millhone on her thirty-third birthday: she moves into her remodeled apartment, which has finally been finished; she is hired by Irene Gersh, a sickly Santa Theresa resident, to head out to the Slabs in the Mojave Desert and locate her mother; she gets the news that Tyrone Patty, a particularly dangerous criminal she helped the Carson City Police Department track down a few years back, has hired a hit-man to kill her.
_	All the news that Mac now hears about Holly comes from Angela, who is still friends with her.
_	As they remodel the decrepit house, Elizabeth (Donna Mills) discovers her marriage is over, Birdie (Pam Grier) deals with her husband's retirement, and Rose (Florence Henderson) copes with the news that her husband (Lance Henriksen), has been diagnosed with cancer.
_	He broke the news that the hijackers had removed the hostages and had hidden them in the suburbs of Beirut, which caused the Reagan administration to cancel a rescue attempt that would have failed and led to loss of life at the airport.
_	Rantzau received the news that a Swedish army of superior strength led by Jacob Henriksson Hästesko was approaching from the east forced him to move his forces toward Falkenberg.
_	The next day, however, brings the news that most of the estate has been left to Katrina, thereby providing a motive and she is detained by the police.
_	On 13 June 2018, the day before the start of the World Cup, it was announced that head coach Julen Lopetegui had been sacked after the news that he was taking over Real Madrid after the World Cup.
_	In September 2009, it was reported in the news that he had an affair with Rachel Tiongson while she was still cohabiting with politician and businessman Chavit Singson.
_	The schooling works and Nancy returns to Min with good manners, an education, and the news that she is now engaged to a very wealthy man.
_	What was not apparent from the western side however, was that East Berlin's construction boasted its own illuminated display board facing east, whose messages comprised the version of the news that the Communist authorities in the east wanted their citizens to believe.
_	Graham's other light verse exhibited a delight in language, and not only his native one, as in his response to the news that Wilhelm II, visiting Brussels, spoke at length with Baron de Haulleville, Director of the Congo Museum, in French, German and English: the poem began:
_	After several more successes in Odessa, most notably a production of "Breindele Cossack" starring Jacob Adler and Sonya Oberlander (then performing under the name Sonya Michelson), their run was cut short by the news that Goldfaden, whose plays they were using without permission, was coming with his troupe to Odessa, and that he had booked the Remesleni Club out from under them.
_	Diana has a premonition of bad fortune just before she learns the news that Vittorio has died in a racing crash.
_	In the aftermath, it is reported on the news that Isabel will now supersede her "missing" father as Kruger Security CEO.
_	One day, Malar gets the news that her friend Kalpana (Darshana Rajendran), who is a social activist, has been raped with the blame put on her boyfriend Abdul (Vikranth).
_	At the time it was denied by the band's management that the artwork was released by the band or the album cover however on July 14, 2011, TMZ broke the news that the artwork has been endorsed by the band to promote the global release of the new album.
_	With this announcement, came the news that head coach, Ryan Aldridge was to move to the Bison as their new head coach and be replaced as Bees player/coach, by defenceman Dwight Parrish.
_	Chicken Feet and others had heard the news that Fan spread before and his death, which leads them to find the jade tablet.
_	On 18 August 2010 a Norwegian newspaper broke the news that Verås Larsen was ready for a comeback, aiming for another gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
_	The next day she gets the news that her father has died and realises he may have been calling to make peace before he died.
_	On March 11, 2009, a scheduled protest by 3500 marchers became a celebration following the news that the bill had been tabled.
_	It was speculated that he would move to a recurring character and not be killed off, a theory supposedly first supported by the news that the character 'Alec Tyler' who caused problems between Robert and Kitty in the previous season was set to return.
_	In 2012, Wesleying broke the news that Wesleyan would no longer be 100% need-blind for first-year domestic applicants, causing vocal protest among various students and alumni.
_	Kate hears the news that Geoff has committed suicide.
_	Jack returns to Rose's hideout, and she is overjoyed with the news that Kathleen is gone.
_	Daniel gives Pammy a pair of pearl earrings and thanks her for inspiring his next and most ambitious venture to date, a trip to the USA, while Sister Wendy returns to obscurity once again, troubled by the news that her cousin is critically ill.
_	Highbury welcomed the news that London would form their own Region due to the restructuring of Regional Leagues.
_	Pohatu's level then depicts a "midpoint" between storylines; Pohatu is delivering the news that the Rahkshi have awakened to Onua.
_	Earlier in the morning, Mission Control also radioed commander Charles Hobaugh with the news that the crew won't need to perform follow-up inspections on Atlantis' heat shield during a period of time set aside on flight day 5.
_	Opponents to plurality voting point out that voters often vote for the lesser of evils because they heard on the news that those two are the only two with a chance of winning, not necessarily because those two are the two natural compromises.
_	However, he struggles with childcare issues and the news that he or Tess Bateman (Suzanne Packer) will be made redundant.
_	But then last month, e-mail began to circulating with the news that the Xtravas were bringing the party to XL, a slicker-than-vinyl gay club near Times Square, in an attempt to widen the audience again.
_	The announcement included the news that this oil resource could be exploited by installing a gravity based 'wellhead platform' structure over the western section of the oil field on the ocean floor in approximately 120 metres of water.
_	The makeshift outrigger canoe, with the captain and two others on board, reached Kadavu island with the news that there were 13 survivors shipwrecked on the reef.
_	However, there, they were given the news that they were not evicted, and moved to a special part of the House named "Apartamento Baía Azul".
_	Caschetta put the blog on hiatus in 2012 before returning in 2014 with the news that she had sold her novel.
_	After Dembiński received the news that Ramberg had broken through and crossed the river, and was very close to the Hungarians, he prepared to retreat.
_	In April 1952, a few months after the release of "Chinta Murni", Malay film fans were shocked by the news that announced her marriage with Aman Ramlie.
_	They bring Scott back to their hotel room, and when he wakes the next day, he is not pleased by the news that one of them might be his father and that Nikki is following Sugar Ray.
_	"I don't accept the news that it was used by Jesus or his family," he told the BBC News website.
_	The Cougars were bolstered by the news that Haley Steed would be granted a sixth year of eligibility after she missed out on two previous seasons from injuries.
_	Early in 1999, the Crombies were rocked by the news that youngest son Matthew 'Maddy' Crombie had leukaemia.
_	Each flavour was now being advertised with its own campaigns and distinct identities; advertisements for the Orange flavour were largely put on hold whilst Tango Apple advertisements involved imbibers' bizarre sexual fetishes for the product, Tango Lemon advertisements featured the product as the euphoric, ritualistic drink of a fictional cult worshipping their god, Jim, whilst advertisements for the "Still Tango" variant warned viewers that the variant was unofficial and that viewers should call a number given on screen, only for callers to be greeted with the news that it was a trick.
_	Spacek was so distraught at the news that she shattered a glass of wine in her hand.
_	At about midnight the officer of the watch called with the news that he had sighted the lights of the squadron.
_	With no confirmed sightings of Chopper since the news that he was heading into a hurricane, Mega-City
_	She is recalled to the company amidst the news that Montayne is indeed the danger that she feared.
_	By late April 1311, the rains had obstructed the operations of the Delhi forces, and the generals received the news that the defenders had assembled a large army against them.
_	Upon hearing the news that the Jewish communities in Gilead, Transjordan, and Galilee were under attack by neighboring Greek cities, Judah immediately went to their aid.
_	At that time, Marge arrives home with the news that she is not pregnant.
_	Later that evening, she surprises Jimson with the news that Hickson is dead and that he has bequeathed his collection of Jimson's works "to the nation".
_	After initial reluctance, Thalberg agreed and, on March 3, 1932, Harlow's 21st birthday, Bern called her with the news that MGM had purchased her contract from Hughes for $30,000.
_	However, on August 27, TeleSUR broke the news that the government and the FARC were on the verge of announcing the signature of an agreement to begin formal peace negotiations, and President Santos later confirmed the information.
_	The monsoon rains prevented the Mysorean army from fording the river and as Tipu received the news that the British campaign from Madras began to take shape as a significant threat, he retreated from Travancore.
_	Two lords bring in the news that the army has triumphed and Columbo is marching homeward.
_	Other events conspired to make Heine loathe this period of his life: he was expelled from a student fraternity for anti-Semitic reasons and he heard the news that his cousin Amalie had become engaged.
_	India seethed with the news that A. A. Musto, native engineer in charge of construction who spent seven hot summers by the dam site, designed much special machinery, was not rewarded at all."
_	This was subsumed by the news that the Italian and German governments had recognised the Nationalists as the true government of Spain.
_	Leyla got the news that her mum had died and insisted on attending the funeral alone.
_	Although it knew by the evening of 29 March that Herbinger had halted his retreat at Dong Song and that Brière de l'Isle was stabilising the situation, the army ministry remain stunned by the news that Lạng Sơn had been abandoned, and decided to disclose the contents of both cables to the National Assembly on 30 March.
_	Downey said, "On behalf of her husband, Franklin Lett, and all her friends and family, I share with you the news that our beloved Della Reese has passed away peacefully at her California home last evening surrounded by love," She then said: "She was an incredible wife, mother, grandmother, friend, and pastor, as well as an award-winning actress and singer.
_	However, her birthday party is disrupted by the news that Ethan has been unfaithful to her.
_	Mark tries to beat his disease and begins to make some progress despite the news that his wife is petitioning him for divorce.
_	Three weeks into their trip, several of Seguin's employees found them to deliver the news that Mexico had been granted its independence from Spain.
_	The Catholics already upset by the news that Reformed Church members had taken possession of a number of towns very close to Toulouse set up demonstrations to counter the event.
_	On hearing the news that Nell had had another heart attack, Joe realizes that he and Melanie will have to sell the house to afford the medical bills.
_	Mimsy surprises Anne and George with the news that she has married a gentleman named Eugene Levy.
_	This followed the news that Casablancas had collaborated with Williams and Santigold on "My Drive Thru", a track commemorating the 100th anniversary of Converse's Chuck Taylor All-Stars shoe.
_	With the exception of Patrick Kelly and Vital LaForce, who stayed at Fort St. James, the other miners all returned to Quesnel with the news that the venture had only been marginally successful.
_	Gamelyn was informed of their coming by his new porter who ran in with the news that there were foemen at the gate.
_	A successful start to his career was then violently curtailed when on 10 December 2006 Barker received the news that his brother Gary, also a boxer, had been killed in a car accident.
_	While there she received the news that Otto Hahn and Fritz Strassmann in Berlin had discovered that the collision of a neutron with a uranium nucleus produced the element barium as one of its byproducts.
_	Fans and critics have reacted with uncertainty to the news that Tarantino told Paramount that he planned for this to be the first R-rated "Star Trek" film.
_	During the fall of 1942 his class received the news that because of the war his class would graduate in three years rather than the usual four years.
_	Responding to the news that Carswell had defected and would trigger a by-election, Cameron said the contest would be held "as soon as possible".
_	Halfway through the season, upon the news that the Football Conference would be allowing artificial pitches from the 2015–16 season, Eastbourne announced that they would convert to a 3G pitch by the 2015–16 or 2016–17 season
_	Campbell and Moore and the RAF crew deliver authentic reactions to the news that a large object is approaching the Earth.
_	Ramsay had been presumed dead as his tags were lost in the battle, and he is shocked to learn that he was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross, and less affected to learn that his parents died in the influenza pandemic of early 1918 after receiving the news that he and his brother were dead.
_	But he surprises Babe with the news that he already knew he was a match for Richie, and that he was already going to help him.
_	On 6 March 2015, initial casting was announced with the news that Janie Dee would play the role of Laura Henderson with Emma Williams playing Maureen.
_	During the 2013 Australian federal election, Gottlieb broke the news that the local member Michael Danby had published 2 how to vote cards, one for the significant Jewish population of his electorate, which was reported on in the international press.
_	He covered the death of Osama bin Laden as their first reporter in country to the story, entering the fugitive's former compound and breaking the news that cellphone signals had led the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) to the al-Qaeda leader.
_	In October 1890, Governor Robinson returned from England with the news that Western Australia had been granted responsible government.
_	Their fighting is interrupted when the father and step-mother hurry in with the news that the Prince is on his way to their house, desperately trying a glass slipper on every girl he encounters.
_	“His father was very upset by the news that the witch was hanging about the brothers’ camp and said to the youngest brother:
_	Next came the news that the biggest financial giver in the church was moving to Australia, but they continued.
_	When "Sceptre" arrived at St Helena she brought the news that France had invaded the Netherlands in January.
_	Further announcements followed with the news that Ian Black, Adrian Mrowiec, Stephen Elliott, Gary Glen and Jordan Morton had also not been offered new contracts.
_	The "Wellington" (later sunk by a U-boat in August 1942) was operating under radio silence, but were able to receive the news that the captain's party was rescued and those rescued by the "Wellington" were presumed dead.
_	Johnny would struggle to cope with the news that his father Davor (Bill Johnson) was a Nazi war criminal after being discovered by Ruth Brasch, (Joanne Briant) and his father's brain damaged state after a failed attempt at suicide.
_	From September 16, 2013, the news that JTBC News 9 will be performed solely is on the news, which means he will be the sole anchor of JTBC News
_	Kyle gives him time, but on the evening they finally decide to consummate their new relationship, they are interrupted by the news that Nick has been gay-bashed.
_	Blackpool's celebration of reaching Wembley since the famous "Matthews Final" thirty-eight years earlier was overshadowed by the news that their former player and manager Stan Mortensen, who scored a hat-trick in that final, had died earlier in the day, at the age of 69.
_	Adelberto comes to lead Teofane to their wedding, but his mother reappears with the news that Ottone is invading with an army, thrusts a sword into her son's hand and sends him off to battle.
_	Staunton welcomed the news that "Mr. Paul Morphy has definitely settled to visit England and attend the meeting of the British Association at Birmingham...", which was the published aim of Morphy's visit.
_	Before sunrise the cadets heard the news that Union forces were too close to the railroad line and they were ordered to mount an attack to drive them back.
_	Primarily written by Lee Thompson, the plot of the song reflected the unfolding turmoil following the news that his teenage sister, Tracy Thompson, had become pregnant and was carrying a black man's child.
_	Hearing the news that Perczel lost the battle, Görgey withdrew again in fear that Jelačić would surround the Hungarian army from the south.
_	In 1939, Bassols resigned the position, brought on by the news that Leon Trotsky had been granted asylum by Cárdenas, he is cited as feeling betrayed, at the time representing Mexico in talks in Geneva with Soviet foreign minister Maxim Maximovich Litvinov.
_	In January 2005, journalist Jay Mazoomdaar broke the news that there were no tigers left in Sariska.
_	With the news that he is free from the contract, Stroker wins the championship in spectacular fashion by flipping his car over as he crosses the finish line.
_	De Saulcy was forced to suspend the dig when the news that human bones were being dug up drew the ire of the Jewish community of Jerusalem.
_	During the meeting, General Maxwell Taylor delivered the news that the U-2 had been shot down.
_	Amelia later accidentally learns the news that Daz is her biological father and after trying to stop Dan and Daz fighting, she goes missing.
_	According to Cho, Swinton contacted her via email to discuss the Asian American community's reaction to the news that Swinton had been cast to play the character Ancient One in the movie version of Doctor Strange.
_	Maudie appears later, bringing the baby shrew and the news that the Log-a-Log was killed.
_	As soon as his ships lined up in the Solent, Senyavin received the news that England, France and Russia have just signed the Treaty of London.
_	However, Giovanni rushes in with the news that all is well: Aurelio has been saved.
_	Dhanush notices that Sujata’s parents have ignored her while she wanted to share the news that she has passed in her exams.
_	On 12 May "Espoir" arrived at Palermo bearing the news that the French fleet had been sighted off Oporto and was believed to be sailing to the Mediterranean.
_	Although Pierce’s language is as overtly racist in the mid-1970s at any time previously, he is blithely unconcerned at the news that Maguire is Black, offering an immediate start and a generous salary and also house-room for himself and his family under Pierce’s own roof while he is establishing himself.
_	During a sex orgy at one of their visits to a swing club, Christiane collapses and Bruno is faced in hospital with the news that Christiane is paralysed forever because of a chronic illness.
_	In February 2007 the website Side-Line announced the news that the Fee Lee record label released a Psychic TV live album, "Live in Russia".
_	In June 2018, The New York Times Magazine published a profile of Franzen that reported Franzen receiving a phone call from series writer/director Todd Field to give the news that pre-production on the series had been halted.
_	The doctors gave him the news that his daughter can reach the world, sooner than expected.
_	With the news that Theodore had decisively triumphed over Shahin (supposedly leading Shahin to die from depression), the Avars retreated to the Balkan hinterland within two days, never to seriously threaten Constantinople again.
_	The episode fast-forwards to Bart's 12th birthday in 1991, where Lisa gets the news that she is student of the month at Springfield Elementary for 48 consecutive months.
_	One day, a solicitor named Mr. Grimsby (Howard Crossley) arrives to deliver Hank the news that involves them having to go to Merania.
_	The first rescue teams had left some time earlier, however, and soon returned with the news that no less than 7 members of the largest and best-equipped expedition in Australia's history had died.
_	King had difficulty settling her children with the news that their father was deceased.
_	Six years later Þórður died in Norway, after having received the news that he would, after all, be sent back to Iceland.
_	Woke up to the news that Lewis Marnell had passed away.
_	In August 2012, following the news that Fearne Cotton was pregnant with her first child, it was reported that Sara Cox would cover hosting of the show throughout the duration of Cotton's maternity leave.
_	Flashbacks interspersed with Andy's and Esther's argument show Erik and Anna playfully flirting, having sex, and celebrating the news that Anna is pregnant.
_	However, in the spring of 2004 the club were rocked by the news that although they had won support at local council level, planning permission for a new ground at Ivy Farm had been turned down by the Government Office for the East of England.
_	Another English herald went to the Castle, and returned with the news that the Earl of Huntly and Lord Home had brought 2000 horsemen to defend the town.
_	At the end of 2009,during the process of editing, mixing and producing that first DVD , comes the news that Robert R Johansen (drums) has decided (due to personal circumstances) to leave the band.
_	After the frigate "Belvidera" arrived in Nova Scotia with the news that war had been declared and that the USS "President", in company with the USS "Congress" and the USS "United States", had fired on her, "Mackerel" carried the news to Portsmouth, arriving there on 27 July.
_	An interview with the team captain, Tjaart "LiveR" Fourie, on 1 April and DoGaming covered the news that afternoon.
_	In 1151 came the news that the King Alfonso VII of León and Castile wanted to make an alliance with the Kingdom of Germany through a wedding.
_	Susan, the widow of Lattimore's son Tom, who was killed in the war, confronts the gruff, bitter Lattimore with the news that she and her six-year-old daughter Joan will no longer be dependent upon him and are leaving his house to move to Miami, where she believes she can resume her modeling career.
_	Billy enters with the news that he has run into Queenie in Menton.
_	Despite his family's objections and the news that the land he bought is worthless, Bissonette packs up and drives out to California with his nagging wife Amelia (Kathleen Howard), self-involved daughter Mildred (Jean Rouverol) and bothersome son Norman (Tommy Bupp).
_	Shortly afterwards, they received the news that Xerxes had crossed the Hellespont.
_	On 18 November, this was subsumed by the news that the Italian and German governments had recognised the Nationalists as the true government of Spain.
_	Questions into the original start up by Donal Moyna were highlighted by incidents such as the news that a man who Federal officials say was a member of the Irish Republican Army was being held on charges of carrying $13,500 in counterfeit $50 bills at LaGuardia Airport, when arrested.
_	Terry later surprises Mitch with the news that Stan bought a house and argues when Mitch defends her long absence.
_	On 22 October 1924, he had to tell his best friend, Thomas Shorten Cole (1870–1957), the news that his wife Mary Ann Crane had just died on the operating table from complications of intestinal or stomach cancer, reputed by their daughter Dorothy May Cole to be "the worst day of his life".
_	In April 2012, shortly after the news that Ferguson would continue his show until at least 2014, Ferguson told one interviewer that as far as he was concerned, Thompson "has a home" portraying Peterson for "as long as he wants to do it".
_	Later that night, Bill arrives with the news that his father's appendix had burst and that he is calling for Jeff to be at his bedside.
_	It centres on Holly Martins, an American who is given a job in Vienna by his friend Harry Lime, but when Holly arrives in Vienna he gets the news that Lime is dead.
_	Foster broke the news that Hurricane Katrina had caused in a breach in the levees around New Orleans and anchored a live six hour simulcast on CNN and CNN International during the 2008 Mumbai attacks.
_	On Saturday 9 November, the frigate "Aeolus" had sailed into Plymouth with the news that they had been taken as prizes by Captain Sir Richard Strachan off Cape Ortegal on Monday 4th.
_	("All the news that you need to know within 30 minutes"), "News Light" aims to deliver today’s top stories and headlines.
_	In 1677, the government said to have received the news that Jackl was dead.
_	When female boxer Alex Love heard the news that women’s boxing was now an Olympic sport she put everything on hold, her job and college, to devote herself entirely to training for the Olympics.
_	Buried in the Canadian financial pages of 1925, was the news that Neil Sinclair had forced a cash takeover of "Ontario Malleable".
_	Several months later, Doug and Julie gather around the family with the news that Alice is nearing death.
_	Darren then uses Hallmark's phone to contact Foss, who taunts him with the news that he is holding his daughter captive.
_	In his book "My Years in Exile", Edward Bernstein wrote of the conversion: ""When [ Filippo Marzotti ] first heard the news that Costa was lost to the Anarchist cause, he excitedly raised his hands above his head, and cried repeatedly, almost in desperation: 'Anna! Anna! Anna!"'".
_	"In 1926 Frank Garside, a publisher who had operated newspapers in Tonopah and other mining boom towns, saw a similar opportunity in the news that a huge dam would be built near Las Vegas.
_	During the Islamic Prophet Muhammad's era the Expedition of Dhat al-Riqa took place here because Muhammed received the news that certain tribes of Banu Ghatafan were assembling at Dhat al-Riqa with suspicious purposes.
_	`Abdu'l-Bahá ("the Master") was devastated when hearing the news that he and his family were to be exiled separately from Bahá'u'lláh.
_	"If they hear the news that we have stopped the death penalty the whole world will come to Iraq to fight".
_	In September 2014, Simon Gilbert of the "Coventry Telegraph" broke the news that the club was in talks to permanently relocate to the Ricoh Arena, in Coventry, from their home at Adams Park, in High Wycombe.
_	With the news that Wayne Carlisle had agreed to rejoin the Gulls, Torquay went into their Carling Cup First Round fixture against Reading full of confidence.
_	On that very day, the news that Hitler was dead put an end to the fighting in Italy, and all German troops surrendered to the Allies in the following hours.
_	Leslie is staggered when the son of Martin's Boston attorney arrives with the news that Peyton Mills has been sold and Leslie is out, news that surprises his sons when he tells them over dinner.
_	The conflict became a state-level issue through the news that the "Obervogt" of Kleinhüningen, Jakob Christoph Frey, an official of the Basle Estate, had been involved in the violence of 1736 and organized it out of his own interest.
_	The story ends on a cliff-hanger with the news that the "Cardiff Bay", the boat on which Paul and Rosie were sailing, has been sunk.
_	The conversation is interrupted by the news that the Organians appear to have been destroyed by the Klingon Empire.
_	Feigning helpfulness to François, Maublanc says he will arrange everything with his brokers, but in fact tells them to leak the news that the Schoudler empire has run out of capital.
_	Off the pitch, part of the pre-season was dominated by the news that several companies formed to oversee the sale of the club.
_	Maxine comes home, overjoyed with the news that Patrick may not be going through with the suicide, according to Sienna.
_	Four hours later, Ilda is given the news that the staff has decided to expel her.
_	One day, even as he gets the news that his sister has been accepted at the sanatorium, he gets a telegram informing of her death.
_	Agnew continued, "I am asking whether a form of censorship already exists when the news that forty million Americans receive each night is determined by a handful of men ... and filtered through a handful of commentators who admit their own set of biases".
_	Townshend was impressed with the news that the German Field Marshal Baron Colmar von der Goltz had been sent to stop him, not the least because Goltz was a very respected military historian whom he regarded as his equal, unlike the Ottoman officers whom he held in contempt.
_	Gharasarpa reach Sandaras in an unexpected moment and convey the news that Vidya now is in Canada but promise Sandaras, if she ever return the motherland he will definitely make them meet.
_	Sarek's work is interrupted by the news that his wife, Amanda, is terminally ill.
_	Hyllus brings the news that the poisoned robe has burned Hercules and he is now dying.
_	Meanwhile, it is revealed in the news that Hans has finally admitted to killing his wife because she was going to leave him and take his kids and he killed her in anger.
_	Suddenly a messenger comes in, with the news that Mikhail Romanov has been selected as the Tsar of Russia and is now in hiding.
_	During Cynthia's holiday in Italy, an "agitated" Mardas unexpectedly arrived (pacing up and down outside her hotel until she returned) and gave the news that Lennon was planning to sue Cynthia for divorce on grounds of adultery, seek sole custody of Julian, and send Cynthia "back to Hoylake".
_	Elbæk made use of Twitter to break the news that The Alternative had gathered enough signatures to become eligible to take part in the forthcoming parliamentary election.
_	They returned home to the USSR and spread the news that America was a great and luxurious country and full of friendly host families.
_	Before the bus set off, however, he heard the news that a bomb had been discovered in Heathrow.
_	The two Americans, who eventually rejoined the rest of the American POWs in Oflag 64, relayed the news that the tunnel had been discovered by the German guards who had learned of its existence after planting a spy among the POWs.
_	After 11.00 a guest celebrity (usually someone in the news that week) was interviewed in the show.
_	A few days later, Leake received the news that a convoy of 20 transport ships carrying supplies and reinforcements was on its way from Lisbon, escorted by four men-of-war.
_	When she turned 18 and moved to Montevideo to study law, she heard on the news that enrollment to the referee school was open.
_	A legend arose that he was riding to persecute protestants when he heard the news that Queen Mary had died.
_	December 2010 brought the news that they have licensed "Missa Atropos" to K-Scope in the UK.
_	The Mexican army celebrated loudly throughout the afternoon, both in honor of their reinforcements and at the news that troops under General José de Urrea had soundly defeated Texian Colonel Frank W. Johnson at the Battle of San Patricio on February 27.
_	He starts looking for an old letter labeled "Thorn" when he gets the news that Burn is on her way back.
_	She then breaks the news that he won't be working on the streets for ICE.
_	Finally, the Querandís withdrew, and in a few days, the Juan de Ayolas expedition returned with the news that they had managed to build a fort called Corpus Christi upriver near the modern-day town of Gaboto and had encountered some indigenous people who talked about the Sierra de la Plata.
_	He's a struggling writer, at least until agent Lucinda Ford breaks the news that she's sold his book to a publisher, including the rights to turn it into a Broadway play.
_	On 15 February, 2018, Littlejohn, writing for his "Daily Mail" column, focused on the news that Tom Daley and his husband Dustin Lance Black were expecting their first child.
_	ACLT (African Caribbean Leukaemia Trust) was co-founded by Beverley De-Gale OBE and Orin Lewis OBE in 1996, after they received the news that their 6-year-old son, Daniel De-Gale, had been diagnosed with leukaemia.
_	On 14 May 2013, Fife broke the news that Nigel Wright, then Chief of Staff to Prime Minister Stephen Harper had written a $90,000 cheque to cover the questionable Senate expenses of Mike Duffy.
_	Just hours after receiving the news that Andy Roddick would miss the season, the Aces opened up on the road against the Boston Lobsters.
_	But the news that it owed £814,000 meant that even if all the other creditors had accepted the 2.5p-in-the-pound offer originally on the table it would not have been enough.
_	However, Sarah breaks the news that she's leaving the next day with Bryce.
_	While Amudhavel is in Chennai doing wedding shopping with Meenu Kutty, he gets the news that Thamba had been killed the previous day.
_	The Mexican army celebrated loudly throughout the afternoon, both in honor of their reinforcements and at the news that troops under General Jose de Urrea had soundly defeated Texian Colonel Frank W. Johnson at the Battle of San Patricio on February 27.
_	"Abyss" was initially announced through Chelsea Wolfe's website on January 8, 2015 with the news that it would be released via Sargent House.
_	On 12 May 1796 at daybreak the 28-gun and the brig-sloop brought Duncan the news that a Dutch squadron consisting of the 36-gun frigate "Argo" and three brigs had departed Flickeroe, Norway, bound for the Texel.
_	In St. Petersburg, Statesman Muravyov receives the news that Janek has successfully incited the rebellion, and immediately sends a telegraph to Rittmeister Snegiryov, instructing him to go help put down the rebellion.
_	Loew and the Golem return to the ghetto, spreading the news that the Jews are saved.
_	Pearl receives the news that Devlin gave her property in England and New England.
_	Stark receives two letters, one informing him of the death of his grandfather, Lord Hoster Tully, and the other bearing the news that his home, Winterfell, has been put to the torch by the Iron Islanders.
_	Meanwhile, in Istar, the Kingpriest of Istar, Symeon IV, calls a meeting of his most trusted advisers, and to break the news that Kurnos the Ursurper is going to become his heir once he dies, as he has seen portents of his death.
_	Receiving the news that Johnson had been delayed in Kalgoorlie, Ford and Nesbitt flew onto Maylands Airport where West Australian airways made hangar space available for the Silver Centenary.
_	On January 7, 2013, Chloe returns to Salem with the news that Daniel is really Parker's father.
_	United were hit by the news that club captain Luke Prosser would be ruled out of action for a further two months after undergoing a further operation on his injured knee.
_	But one day the young people discover the news that the examination made by them at the end of high school is not valid for bureaucratic complications.
_	After the ceremony they received the news that Governor Ferrand and the French were very close to El Seibo.
_	Jordan gets the news that strange signals are being received in the middle of the Pacific, which much too regular to be caused by anything in nature.
_	However, the day after his departure, a representative of the Bank of New South Wales (BNSW) rode into Bundaberg from Maryborough with the news that a branch of the BNSW was to open for the transaction of business.
_	In March 2011, with the news that Seven Arts and GFM Films would be merging their distribution operations, it was announced that the joint venture would be purchasing the rights to "Neuromancer" under Vincenzo Natali's direction.
_	Upon receiving the news that Enclave is placing a bigger control antenna in Time Square, Hulk heads there and fights the Enclave soldiers under Bi-Beast's command.
_	On 19 July, it was announced in the news that Paulista players would travel to Rio.
_	In July 2017 she faced the news that her husband had been diagnosed with a glioblastoma, an aggressive brain tumor.
_	This "sibling comedic drama" revolves around three estranged sisters whose resentment and envy of one another is barely dented by the news that their father (Ray Wise) is terminally ill.
_	In the summer of 2010, Cage announced on his Facebook page the beginning of a collaboration between himself and Aesop Rock called "Two of Every Animal", along with the news that there would be no new Weathermen without Camu Tao.
_	The British recapture the village just in time to save the Italians, all rejoice at the news that Italy has just asked for an armistice.
_	June 23, 2007 - "This June the arts community went into crisis mode with the news that the Lorraine Hansberry Theatre was being kicked out of the former YWCA at 620 Sutter Street that it has occupied since 1988.
_	However, teacher Joanna Morgan confirmed that students had cheered at the news that Kennedy was shot.
_	The following day, McCartney wrote the song "Give Ireland Back to the Irish" in response to the news that British troops in Derry in Northern Ireland had just shot dead thirteen Civil Rights Marchers and wounded many others, as their protest march turned into a riot because of the British Army's confrontational approach.
_	On Sunday, November 25, 2007, Goudie announced on his MySpace account the news that SONY BMG had indeed dropped him.
_	By 12 July the news that Philip was "in the gates" arrived in Athens; the Athenians then knew that the situation was hopeless, and instead of acting on the previous recommendation of the council, the Assembly instead passed a motion re-affirming the Peace of Philocrates.
_	Having consolidated his conquests on land, Suleiman was greeted with the news that the fortress of Koroni in Morea (the modern Peloponnese, peninsular Greece) had been lost to Charles V's admiral, Andrea Doria.
_	By late April 1311, the rains had obstructed the operations of the Delhi forces, and the invading generals received the news that the defenders had assembled a large army against them.
_	Later, on receiving the news that his mother was very ill in Sindh, he rushed to India and was devastated to learn that his mother had just died upon his return.
_	After the news that Kraft was the Candyman gets out, Caroline chants the name "Candyman" in the mirror to make sure he is dead.
_	Shortly before performance day they were surprised with the news that they would also be singing "You'll Never Walk Alone" with popular classical vocal group G4.
_	Shortly afterwards, they received the news that Xerxes had crossed the Hellespont.
_	His joy is lessened however, by the arrival of district attorney investigator Winters (Frank Fenton), and the news that he is investigating a big jewel theft.
_	Lauren was displeased with the news that they were going to cut her hair short and was told by Sara that if she refused, she would be eliminated.
_	They share with Jack the news that the Brotherhood has a mole in Wolf's unit, a marine code-named Switchblade, who plans to sabotage Wolf's effort to place the Second Pillar.
_	The story opens with the news that Tomey's Turl, a slave on the McCaslin plantation, has run away.
_	She is untroubled by the news that her aunt's will left her nothing.
_	She brought the news that France had invaded the Netherlands in January.
_	A messenger gives the news that Oedipus considered killing himself and having his body thrown to wild beasts, but then he felt that his crime deserved something worse due to the suffering Thebes has been going through.
_	It also describes the Rwandan genocide in detail, from a historical perspective as well as from Mushikwabo's own point of view living in Washington, as she received the news that many of her family members had been killed.
_	On 18 October "La Argentina" encountered an American frigate that passed on the news that the Company of the Philippines had ended trade with India three years prior.
_	Shaken by the news that her best friend Penelope has gotten engaged to Avery, who neither she nor Penelope's other friends think is right for her, Bette Robinson suddenly quits her job at UBS, the investment banking firm where she has worked in the five years since she and Penelope graduated from Emory.
_	The following day Smith met with President Taft, who had just received the news that his friend and military advisor Archibald Butt was not on the list of survivors.
_	On 29 May, Scott passed on the news that the doctor assigned to Hess believed his patient was "definitely over the border that lies between mental instability and insanity".
_	On February 12, 2016, reports brought in the news that Jet Li dropped out of the film and was replaced with Donnie Yen in the role of the main antagonist, Xiang.
_	Alana informs the news that Swain leads the Diamond gang, causing Swain's boss, Hayes Bellamy, to detonate an explosive in Swain's building, killing Swain and his followers.
_	Following the news that he would direct "The Force Awakens", speculation arose as to Abrams's future with Paramount Pictures, with whom he had released all of his previously directed feature work, and which had a first-look deal with his Bad Robot Productions.
_	In December 2014 the Exponents heard the news that Chris Sheehan, who had done so much to shape the group's sound in the eighties, had died in Spain after a long battle with cancer.
_	On June 15, 1850, a group of 34 men (commanded by Andrés Zapata, Gaspar Salazar and Antonio Ramírez) met with Colonel Juan Manuel Maldonado to give the news that they had created a pass point at Piedras Negras, to the right of the Rio Grande, south of Fort Duncan.
_	When the news that the Cree and the Metis made up the majority (they claim it is now 90%) of Rocky Boy Reservation's population, the Chippewa knew they had been deceived.
_	However, eight days before the deadline, MacDonough visits Steve and sadly delivers the news that the board of his company has voted to stop the drilling operation on the following day, fearing a penalty for non-payment on their lease.
_	Lucie has believed her father to be dead, and faints at the news that he is alive; Mr. Lorry takes her to France to reunite with him.
_	Tristan's mother has previously noticed in the news that Tristan's father Karl has moved to Iceland to work as a handball coach and concludes that Tristan has seen Karl and recognised him as his father.
_	The Guardian focused on the news that the Greenland ice sheet is expected to be stable at higher temperatures than those envisaged by the IPCC, with additional coverage focusing on the projected die-back of the Amazon rainforest, a story also run in The Times.
_	Don Geiss emerges from his coma shortly thereafter, but stuns Jack with the news that he has decided to stay on as GE's chairman after all.
_	The band recorded their first CD, "Voice of Song", with those seven members, but then they received the news that Weinstock would be moving to Boston, Massachusetts.
_	In Yorkshire, three couples--Kathryn and Colin, Tamara and Jack, Monica and Simeon--are shattered by the news that their mutual friend George Riley is fatally ill and has only a few months left.
_	Exactly a year after the failure of the first mutiny, another broke out, again in Kisangani, apparently triggered by the news that Tshombe's airplane had been hijacked over the Mediterranean and forced to land in Algiers, where he was held prisoner.
_	Upon hearing the news that an abandoned mansion has recently burned down, Michael and his friend Connie decide to explore the remains.
_	Six weeks after his arrival came the news that all northern India was aflame with revolt (see the Indian rebellion of 1857).
_	But upon their return, Brooke blindsides Val with the news that Trish Clayton (Patty Weaver) is pregnant with David's child.
_	He gets the news that he has finally got a job in some other city.
_	It was suggested in the news that the government had deliberately impeded the use of new environmentally friendly diesel engines by allowing only light goods vehicles to be fuelled by diesel.
_	According to the "Gesta Regis Stephani", a 12th-century historical text, Roger de Beaumont died upon hearing the news that his wife had handed over the castle.
_	Between games four and five, Rangers forward Martin St. Louis received the news that his mother unexpectedly died at the age of 63 due to a heart attack.
_	Florida all-purpose back Noel Devine created some controversy when he reported to the news that he had chosen West Virginia over Alabama.
_	An unfortunate sidelight to this contest was the news that Roger Welsh, who had shown such ability during previous challenges, was suffering from an incurable disease and was near death as this regatta was being sailed.
_	In the early months of the Democrat-led government of Abhisit Vejjajiva, western news agencies broke the news that up to 1,000 Rohingya Muslim refugees from Myanmar had been captured by the Thai Navy, beaten, then towed out to sea without engines or navigational aids and with little food and water.
_	In July 1547 he once again assaulted Malta with a force of 23 galleys and galiots, after hearing the news that the Kingdom of Naples was shaken by the revolt against Viceroy Don Pietro of Toledo, which would make a naval support from there to Malta rather unlikely.
_	However, before 07:00, his wife Elena received the news that large columns of workers from many industrial platforms (large communist-era factories or groups of factories concentrated into industrial zones) were heading towards the city centre of Bucharest to join the protests.
_	It may not be very wonderful news yet, but you can improve that for us by seeing that we get the news that you won't get in other papers.
_	Excited by the news that Moses Ezekiel had won the design commission, convention attendees voted to increase the cost of the memorial by $15,000 ($ in dollars) to $50,000 ($ in dollars) to make it larger and grander.
_	However, the news that is presented on his program is carefully chosen by Idem's boss (Mariusz Dmochowski) who later orders the kidnapping of Idem's wife (Krystyna Janda).
_	They "did" win, 6–3, but after the premature celebrations had died down, there came the news that their nearest rivals, Queens Park Rangers, had won at Villa Park by virtue of a last-minute own-goal.
_	When Evan sees on the news that his mother has been arrested for drunk driving, he collects his younger brother Ethan and brings him to live at T.R. House, where Sheila gives him a mohawk.
_	The reaction of spectators inside the theater to the news that the theater was under terrorist attack was not uniform: some people remained calm, some reacted hysterically, and others fainted.
_	If you can grasp why a producer would close a show in response to the news that it has just been nominated for three Tony Awards, you can get some sense of how Broadway works.""
_	After hearing the news that she would be charged with assaulting a police officer for her actions during the March, she went to the Queen Street Police Station to turn herself in, as supporters including BFJ and Belize Bus Association members thronged the streets to show their solidarity.
_	The next time Roenick was scratched, he was more accepting of Gretzky's decision, stating a different mindset following the news that his daughter, Brandi, had been diagnosed with the kidney ailment IgA nephropathy.
_	Americans were intrigued by the news that an American-trained doctor had been with the Japanese forces on the island and that Tatsuguchi had described the battle from a Japanese perspective.
_	Back at home, Geneva surprises the kids with the news that they have the privilege of hiring a 250 rider for the next race.
_	Byron on hearing the news that Saint Vincent had been captured assembled his forces but on his way to recapture the island he received intelligence that d'Estaing and his fleet were in the process of capturing Grenada.
_	On 1 September 2015 the team announced that Amy Pieters would be joining them for the 2016 season, followed shortly afterwards by the news that Lucy Garner was signed as well.
_	However, in 1644, the same year their son died, she received the news that Jean-Jacques had been killed in battle at Merode in present-day Germany.
_	There was no sign of any Portuguese presence in the area, and the escort ship of Sherifi Pasha was sent back to Basra with the news that the Strait of Hormuz was safely passed.
_	March started with the news that trialist Harvey Burnett had been signed on a permanent deal following an impressive pre-season.
_	Casey has difficulty coping with the news that he may be confined to a wheelchair for the rest of his life.
_	Trey to celebrate the news that the Grudge Match is sold out.
_	A message from Catinat got through to Mélac with the news that no succor could be expected.
_	After Stroh's death, Fritz tells Rusty that Brenda is having a hard time processing the news that Stroh is finally gone.
_	Meanwhile, the gardener, doing his own water chore, had discovered the giant's daughter up in the tree, and brought her inside his house, breaking the news that his daughter is to marry the stranger, and showed her Nix Nought Nothing.
_	However, Kat breaks the news that Brax is presumed dead, after the car transferring him to a new prison had been run off the road into a river.
_	He heard the news that the search was cancelled on their 11th day on the mountain.
_	On 14 January 1908 at the annual College Colston society dinner George Alfred Wills rose to his feet and dramatically announced the news that his father, Henry Overton, was to donate £100,000 to the cause promoting the creation of the University providing that a Royal Charter was obtained within two years.
_	By 2006, following the news that Sanctuary had been bought out by Universal Music Group, Lerski returned to Norwich to begin a new chapter.
_	During the transfer period on the summer of 2009 there were rumors that Hallenius was close to sign for Örgryte IS and several news papers went out with the news that Örgryte IS had signed him, which was denied by the club.
_	Betty (America Ferrera) is worried about how Daniel (Eric Mabius) will take the news that she is leaving "MODE" for a new job in London.
_	Shortly afterwards, they received the news that Xerxes had crossed the Hellespont.
_	According to his autobiography, after hearing the news that Petlura had relocated to Paris in 1924, Schwartzbard became distraught and started plotting Petlura's assassination.
_	This song is a side bar to the main plot, and flashes forward several weeks past the end of the story‚ it is told from the perspective of the Doctors estranged son, right after he received the news that his father had passed.
_	Cao Ren purposefully leaked the news that he would attack Xianxi (羨溪) with the intention of diverting the defenders' attention away from Ruxu fortress.
_	Moments later, a messenger arrived with the news that Jairus' daughter had died, and he was advised not to trouble Jesus any further.
_	Waterston was inspired by David Livingstone's death and the news that women were being allowed to become physicians.
_	Their conversation is interrupted by the news that a workman has been murdered in the swamps.
_	A memorable time in Windsor labour history occurred in 1996 with the news that the Windsor GM Transmission Plant and the Oshawa Fabrication Plant were up for sale.
_	In it, Arthur was angry at the news that he had been "brought back from the dead".
_	The joy of victory was tempered by the news that his mother, Cecilia, was terminally ill with breast cancer.
_	In November 2004, PC World broke the news that this machine identification code had been used for decades in some printers, allowing "law enforcement to identify and track down counterfeiters".
_	One day, Toni visits the Sanchez home and stuns her parents with the news that she is no longer a nun and has married a priest named David Ronconi (Scott Bakula).
_	On Tuesday 6 December, at Richmond, New South Wales, Hawke received the news that his father had died and that he was now the 7th Baron Hawke of Towton.
_	This was a quick two-minute recap of what had been going on in the news that week.
_	The book depicts Josh, who is about to graduate high school, dealing with the news that Eve, an attractive female history teacher who manipulated him into a sexual relationship when he was twelve, is soon to be released from prison.
_	Developing a sleep problem, she sleeps for a night with Patty and Selma, and hears on the news that her old boyfriend, Artie Ziff, is one of America's five richest people.
_	The crowd cheered the news that an Indianapolis Colts win moved the Buccaneers into first place for the rights to the first overall draft pick, and pelted Buccaneer players with lemons.
_	Hearing the news that Hongcao was dead, Liu Yang was horrified, and ordered his remaining forces to retreat ().
_	Amanda returns with the news that Jeff has completed his tests, but refuses to remove Lynn's collar.
_	Île de France, bringing the news that the War of the Third Coalition had broken out.
_	This action was reported by Orabi as a battle, and Cairo was full of the news that the advancing British had been repulsed.
_	The destroyer arrived Guam on 11 August, and en route from there to Iwo Jima heard the news that the war was over.
_	Four months later, Rand, now cured after his exposure to Torus, receives from Czaban the news that she is pregnant, despite being sterile before their encounter with the alien artifact.
_	The Smith and the Snail Woman reappear with the news that they cannot fully restore Thorn to his human form, but can attempt to turn him into some form which will keep him as both part-cauldron and immortal, to which Thorn agrees, felt as a tingling when the cauldron is held.
_	By 12 July the news that Philip was "in the gates" arrived in Athens; the Athenians then knew that the situation was hopeless, and instead of acting on the previous recommendation of the council, the Assembly instead passed a motion re-affirming the Peace of Philocrates.
_	She lives by herself in a caravan in West Berlin, until she receives the news that her group, the Circus Alekan, will be closing down.
_	Infuriated with Holly about all the things she had done to her family, particularly her mother who was shocked at the news that her husband had an illegitimate daughter, Sarah spoke to Rebecca regarding the truth about her paternity.
_	Helena calls with the news that Verdeschi has reappeared aboard the Eagle.
_	On 25 November 1796, Captain R. Barton and "Lapwing" were at St Kitts when an express boat brought the news that a French force consisting of two warships, several smaller ships, and 400 troops, were threatening Anguilla.
_	Press and TV crews were in such palaver to report the news that they forgot to ask if it worked; and it did not.
_	The DGS undertook field-work: in June 1941 their first "Bulletin" hailed the news that the Paluxy River dinosaur trackways appeared to include human footprints.
_	In the July 12, 2009, strip, it is finally shown that Wally is alive and in full military uniform; a backstory revealed that Funky had gotten a call from his ex-wife, Cindy, informing him that Wally was alive and that she had conducted an interview that was to air on the news that evening.
_	He was distressed when he met Premier Rene Viviani by the news that the Americans were to take his embassy.
_	The next morning, Jenna Rolan, the school gossip, texts everyone with the news that Jake's house burned down in a fire set by Rich after the party and both of them are in the hospital.
_	The titular hero is also a landowner, with all the pursuant cares, and is called back from his crusade by the news that his men and his property have been attacked by his unchivalrous neighbor.
_	Two days later comes the news that the gypsies "are camped about five miles directly to the south," causing the boys to take flight in Larry's "red autogiro "Red Bird II"," replacement for the "Red Bird" that crashed in "Sophomore".
_	Upon hearing the news that Salvador Allende had been elected president of Chile, he proclaimed that "not a nut or bolt shall reach Chile under Allende.
_	On September 16, 1968, he got the news that his home had burned down and his two eldest sons had died.
_	Demetrius besieged the city but left for Thrace when he heard the news that Lysimachus had been taken prisoner by the Getae, hoping to rip the spoils from his undefended kingdom.
_	They eventually receive the news that Stalin made a deal and the POW will be going home.
_	The market for microcars did appear to be still growing, but in October 1954 the news that BMW, with a much more established international presence, were setting up to mass produce the Isetta, and that both the Messerschmitt and Isetta would be cheaper, faster and more powerful than the Fuldamobil meant demand for the Fuldamobil faltered.
_	After a journey of four days, they arrived at Baku on 27 April at about 16.00, to be greeted with the news that the Soviet 11th Army had crossed the northern frontier of Azerbaijan at 01.00 that same morning.
_	On December 18, the team received the news that Leslie McDonald would be reinstated in time for the Texas game at the Smith Center.
_	The specialist breaks the news that she is infertile, but he assures her they will attempt to work through it so that she may conceive.
_	On the same front page, the paper also broke the news that William Chant was to leave the Social Credit caucus.
_	Hortense, hotel receptionist/confidante consoles the frustrated wives and cheers them up with the news that tomorrow night an international star, the mysterious Madame K, will appear in un Grand Cabaret.
_	At the same time, the couple attending the party got the news that, the wife's ex-husband who is undergoing treatment in a mental asylum escaped from there.
_	It is believed that Lord Srinivasa appeared in the Maharaja's dream as an old man with the news that there is an idol buried at a certain location and has to face north to serve as younger brother of Tirumalai Venkateswara.
_	While touring and fighting his own health problems, Preston received the news that on November 29, 2001, Harrison had died (having long suffered from throat cancer).
_	After finishing the Karim's property he breaks the news that he is leaving to Trevor and hints that it is unlikely he will return.
_	While the new signings did much to assure Torquay's fans, more disappointment came with the news that top goalscorer Chris Zebroski had handed in a transfer request.
_	Her wedding ring was never found in the house, and she learned from the news that a man who has acromegaly, causing disfiguration of his head, is a serial killer who dug up crypts, stealing bones and jewels, and occasionally eating the faces of male corpses.
_	After the events, everyone is in hospital watching the news that Hercule is a "true hero" who defeated the alien intruders; this results in several jokes as they laugh.
_	When Yuan Shao's camp received the news that Wuchao was under attack, Zhang He urged Yuan Shao to send reinforcements to Wuchao to save the supplies, on which the fate of the campaign hinges.
_	Although he said Carell's reaction to the news that Holly still has feelings for him as a "wonderful performance", Sepinwall also said the subplot involving Angela's cat was particularly unfunny and that subplot with Jim and Dwight, "so brilliant last week, ran out of steam quickly here."
_	Meanwhile, she heard the news that Jeju had a bad situation.
_	They delivered the news that a relief effort was underway, and again rode through Winamac's siege to report to Harrison that the Fort was still under U.S. control.
_	A few days later, following an avalanche, they get the news that Amar and the other climbers have been killed.
_	Former Senator and Vice President Al Gore issued a statement on July 29, 2015 eulogizing Dr. Gibbons, which reads, in part: "I am deeply saddened by the news that my good friend, former colleague and fellow Tennessean, Jack Gibbons, recently passed away.
_	Ismail Pasha then received the news that he was appointed the Ottoman governor of Egypt on 2 December 1788.<ref name="JabartiPhilipp1994-2/286"></ref>
_	Fake counters: "'As your house went up in flames, we got the news that our father was dead...
_	Sam visits his mother and surprises her with the news that he's paid off her mortgage.
_	Confronted by an array of bounty hunters, including a clan of Gank killers, and the news that the Hutt clans had doubled the bounty on them, they had little choice but to leave the moon - where Boba Fett had patiently waited for the "Millennium Falcon" to take off.
_	Looking for the last time at the house and grounds he has sold, he meets Jason, who gives him the news that (boosted by media attention from the thigh-signing scandal) Marsha is doing well as Mr. Chortles.
_	The incident sparked outrage in India and harsh reactions by the Indian army and government over the news that the body of one of the soldiers had been beheaded.
_	The French resistance is also shown reacting to the news that an invasion has started.
_	No sooner, however, had Rana Kumbha reached Kumbalgarh when he got the news that Shams Khan instead of demolishing, began to strengthen the fortification of Nagaur.
_	In March 2006 the news that "Blue Peter" badges were available for sale on auction websites such as eBay attracted a great deal of media interest, with the suspicion that the right to free entry was being abused.
_	Jody was in her car when she recalls hearing a block of songs from "Blizzard of Ozz" on the radio before the DJ announced the accident and the news that Rhoads had been killed.
_	Club Foot published a calendar called "Footprints" that included detailed descriptions of upcoming concerts under the slogan "all the news that's foot to print."
_	Abraham appears excited giving the news that Mariana's father withdrew the complaint and Hierro will be free, he says that the only important thing is that she is alive and both are in love.
_	Odoardo returns with the news that Polinesso, as he died, also admitted his guilt.
_	Málaga broke the news that they were parting with Stadsgaard in their website.
_	Following the news that L.A. would bid on the 2028 Olympic and Paralympic Games, Wesson and the City Council voted unanimously in favor of the new proposal.
_	On 12 May 1796 at daybreak the 28-gun and the brig-sloop brought Duncan the news that a Dutch squadron consisting of the 36-gun frigate "Argo" and three brigs had departed Flickeroe, Norway, bound for the Texel.
_	The story begins from where she gets the news that someone has been released from jail.
_	Left alone, Cydipe waits in terror until she hears the news that Adonis has triumphed.
_	Cookie tells everyone the news that Bunco was a federal fugitive, and for capturing him, he and Breezy have won a $10,000 reward, which they use to repay their friends.
_	"They want to be the person to bring them the news that this is something worth having in their life.
_	The announcement included the news that development of the Windows version would no longer continue.
_	After flying to Houston for a match with the Texans, the Raiders were stunned by the news that Al Davis had died at his home on October 8 after having been with the franchise for all but its first three years of existence.
_	In the meantime, Lavinia had returned to Paradise with the news that she had broken off her engagement.
_	Greg briefly returns but cannot handle the news that Tanya has cancer and quickly leaves again.
_	"...it is with heavy hearts that we bring you the news that Loose Talk Costs Lives has unfortunately come to an end.
_	Mo became crazy when hearing the news that The Dowager make He Tian as Empress as she is kind, cured her illnesses many times and is a better candidate than Lady Mo. Zhang Zhe San and Xiang Ning used her family money to buy porridge for the poor.
_	Wang returned to Beitang, a few weeks before the Chinese New Year in 1894, to the news that his father had died.
_	Disturbed by this development and the news that his wife will not be visiting with his daughter as expected, Kingsley begins to believe the rumors circulating about Kappa.
_	The New Zealand Māori team, excited by the news that they would participate in the 2000 World Cup, toured both the Cook Islands and Papua New Guinea.
_	Brigitte started crying and had somewhat of a meltdown when she received the news that all her possessions would be taken away.
_	But Jorg enters to give him the news that he has tracked down Raffaele who will be returning to the castle.
_	Drudge first received national attention in 1996 when he broke the news that Jack Kemp would be Republican Bob Dole's running mate in the 1996 presidential election.
_	In 1998, Drudge gained popularity when he published the reporting of then "Newsweek" reporter Michael Issikoff, becoming the first media outlet to publish the news that later became the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
_	The following morning, he dispassionately noted in his diary the news that the dictator Deodoro da Fonseca had resigned: "10:30.
_	Frare was with Peta when co-workers contacted Peta with the news that Kirby's condition was growing worse and that his impending death was expected.
_	The Gauls are dejected by the news that victory is not as certain as they had expected, but Asterix decides to compete anyway.
_	Paul and Meg's wedding with the news that she had witnessed Paul trying to kill Craig, and Meg calls off the wedding in response.
_	However, the officer who was sent to close the saloons brought the news that "a German spy" was being held in the jail.
_	Darren breaks the news that he and Hannah married while drunk.
_	After he hears the news that his sons have been brutally killed in Salamanca, the Count holds a feast in celebration of their deaths, commanding his guests to revel with him.
_	Finally they got the news that some charity will sponsor the operation of Suhara's husband.
_	Lol and Woody continue with the news that Combo is about to be released from prison and has nowhere to stay.
_	San Francisco's city hall received the news that Joseph J. Kinyoun had instituted a travel ban in hopes of preventing the spread of the plague to the rest of the country.
_	Sissy's friends joyfully break the news that Elizabeth Taylor, Rock Hudson, and James Dean, will be visiting the McCarthy vicinity to film "Giant"; auditions will be carried out across that area.
_	Mike returns with the news that no one has seen Joe, and Vi leaves.
_	Beethoven the news that the audience had demanded encores of two middle movements.
_	August 1991 had the news that many Fairlane/LTD purists had awaited: the reintroduction of the V8, in the NC Fairlane and DC-series LTD.
_	The papal ambassadors arrived at Krujë sending the news that a new bishop, Peter Perlati, had been appointed.
_	Isabel Albiston from "The Daily Telegraph" compared the tour with the 2006 Confessions Tour and said that "two years later, Madonna's biceps are no smaller and, with the news that 100 pairs of fishnet pantyhose have been procured from eBay for the artist, her costumes no less raunchy.
_	Tamara unexpectedly receives a visit from a stranger named Emmanuel, who is actually Evelyn in the real world, delivering the news that her father Joseph is desperately searching for her.
_	The defining event which made up his mind was the news that Fianna Fáil had lost two by-elections in his native Cork (Cork City and Cork North-East, both on 7 November).
_	Mader subsequently began to watch the first three seasons of "Lost" and was watching the fourth episode when she received the news that she had been chosen for the role.
_	In addition, they suffered upheaval in terms of the playing squad; having already lost the influential Cunningham to retirement and other club legends like Sean Long, the start of the season was overshadowed by the news that Kyle Eastmond, who had been earmarked as Long's replacement, and inspirational leader James Graham were both looking to leave the club.
_	On 14 August 2012 he announced that he was leaving Odd Grenland as his contract expired at the end of the 2012 season and broke the news that he had re-signed for Aalesund on a two-year contract, starting 1 January 2013 and lasting until the end of the 2014 season.
_	At the start of the intended writing process, The Cowboy Junkies heard the news that Townes Van Zandt had died.
_	On 22 June, a brig sailing from Ragusa brought Nelson the news that the French had sailed eastwards from Malta on 16 June.
_	The group revels in the news that, thanks to Superior Spider-Man's assault, Goblin King now owns over the half of New York's organized crime.
_	On April 12, 1865, Booth heard the news that Robert E. Lee had surrendered at Appomattox Court House.
_	French writes, "the way a middle-aged Japanese civil servant reacts to the news that he has terminal cancer – and transformed it into a profound statement about the human condition." (2011) https://www.theguardian.com/film/2011/jan/30/biutiful-review-philip-french-bardem
_	Joe Craig (Allyn Joslyn), Laurine's press agent, arrives with the news that because a certain bad actress is married to a count, she has gotten the part that Laurine wanted.
_	The next morning, Joe calls with the news that Laurine has been signed to a picture.
_	Another group of pilgrims, however, comes from that direction bearing the news that the valley's famous fountain has run dry.
_	In Arkhangelsk, he received the news that one group to be rescued (Byalynitsky-Birulya) managed to reach the mainland from New Siberia; however, the fate of Toll was still unknown.
_	"Live Like You Were Dying" tells the story of a man in his early forties who gets the news that his father has an unspecified, life-threatening illness.
_	On April 19, oil fell 3.8 percent with the news of an unexpected increase in U.S. gasoline supplies and the news that U.S. crude supplies fell less than they should have with production at its highest since August 2015.
_	Her death is generally believed to have been a suicide; possibly in response to the news that her daughter was dying of cancer.
_	The announcement of Absolute Radio 00s was accompanied by the news that Absolute Radio 90s would remain on the Digital One national platform on a regular basis following its trial run; the London DAB slot previously taken by Absolute Radio 90s was reallocated
_	When the news that the King is alive is telephoned to No. 10, Courthope commits suicide by leaping from a window, and Critten must be restrained.
_	Upon hearing the news that of the members of the Triumvirate, Caesar was to be given a fresh supply of money, and Pompey and Crassus were to be consuls again the following year, Favonius, "when he found he could do no good by opposing it, broke out of the house, and loudly declaimed against these proceedings to the people, but none gave him any hearing; some slighting him out of respect to Crassus and Pompey, and the greater part to gratify Caesar, on whom depended their hopes".
_	On December 18, 1700, a shallop arrived from the Spanish settlement at Pensacola to the east, with the news that d'Iberville and Serigny had reached there with the king's ships, the "Renommée" of fifty guns, and the "Palmier" of 44 guns.
_	Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson took to Twitter after the summit ended and said in a tweet, "Welcome the news that President Trump and Kim Jong Un have held constructive talks in Singapore.
_	Nanukuttan spreads the news that Bhargavi had committed suicide.
_	Recently, IDG interviewed CEO Jonas Hombert regarding the news that Oprah Winfrey made use of the platform.
_	On Friday 28 February 2014, a posting on popular social media network Facebook confirmed the news that Over The Wall would disband following two final live shows in May 2014.
_	The chant, led by Woody Boyd, was used in the "Cheers" episode "A Fine French Whine" upon hearing the news that a French citizen with eyes on Boyd's girlfriend has overstayed his visa and would soon be deported.
_	The series starts off with the news that Shin's father, Emperor Lee Hyeon of Korea, is seriously ill.
_	Kylie and David received the news that Becky and Danny became engaged in February 2012.
_	"All the news that fits the Prince," approximately 10,000 copies of each paper were distributed to the "citizens of the Kingdom of Florida State."
