_	At the same time Mary Margaret and David confront Isaac, who reveals that a chapter in Emma's future will involve her turning dark and they race to stop her upon reading the note that revealed that Cruella is incapable of killing anyone.
_	As to the fingerprints on the front of the note that were discovered by the FBI in January 1946, Laffey only identified one and did not say it belonged to Heirens when he testified at the sentencing hearing.
_	The film ends on the note that "God is quite a person; even if we forget some of our wishes, he never does."
_	The 1351 Medici-Laurentian Atlas shows both the Egyptian Nile and the western Nile stemming from the same internal mountain range, with the note that ""Ilic coligitur aureaum"".
_	Fry heads to the orphanarium to get some clues to what is going on, and the headmaster gives him the note that was left with Leela when she was abandoned.
_	In 1595, a ballad was entered into the Stationers' Register with the note that it was to be sung to the tune of "The George Aloe and the Sweepstake."
_	As such, Cosby brought the note that opened negotiations for the surrender of Fort Donelson, Tennessee, on February 16, 1862, from Brigadier General Buckner to Union Brigadier General Ulysses S. Grant.
_	‘The Man's Woman and Other Stories', a triptych of three separate short-stories received the Jury's Special Mention award of the Orizzonti [New Horizons] section of the 66th Venice Film Festival with the note that the film "opens a window on a new form of film-making on many levels".
_	Author Allen J. Weiner in "The Beatles The Ultimate Recording Guide" (p. 206) affirms this with the note that it came from a setlist made at the time by Harrison.
_	After successfully hitting the note, which she called "the note that changed my life", she was given the opportunity to record the song.
_	Carol leaves the family a casserole, but Deanna does not take it and only burns the note that was included.
_	A triad can be in three possible positions, a "root position" with the root in the bass (i.e., with the root as the lowest note, thus C, E, G or C, G, E, from lowest to highest notes), a first inversion, e.g. E, C, G or E, G, C (i.e., with the note which is a third interval above the root, E, as the lowest note) and a second inversion, e.g. G, C, E or G, E, C, in which the note that is a fifth interval above the root (G ) is the lowest note.
_	For the 1984 Festival of Festivals, it was given a one-time clearance by the Ontario Board of Censors, with the note that it would have to be resubmitted for another review if it received any further theatrical releases in the province.
_	This was appealed with the note that the fact that the case is in court is proof that Gandharva weddings among Hindus is not obsolete.
_	In all cases the title "Limonk"a was printed in large letters under new titles ("General Line", "On the edge", "Trudodni") in a smaller font, along with the note that the paper hasn't come out since September 20, 2002 (but retained continuous numbering of newspaper "Limonka").
_	For example, on Wicki's keyboard, from any given note, the note that is a tempered perfect fifth higher is always up-and-rightwardly adjacent to the given note.
_	If a $100 note with a zero coupon, payable in one year, sells for $80 now, then $80 is the present value of the note that will be worth $100 a year from now.
_	In modern notation, it signifies a note of shortened duration, separated from the note that may follow by silence.
_	Telltale announced a release date of October 17, 2006 over GameTap in early September, with the note that each episode would be made available from Telltale themselves within fifteen days of release.
_	The scenario was devised prior to the development of intercontinental ballistic missiles, and even included the note that the entire plan would be invalidated if rocketry became a cheap and effective means of delivering a nuclear weapon.
_	Daniel Epstein recalled hearing Dylan introduce the song, in a performance in Washington D.C. in 1963, with the note that it was about the mining towns of Virginia.
_	A few days later, Franco contacts Carlo about Bianca's locket and suggests that the note that she found might still be there.
_	Henry's father finds the note that Henry left, and calls the house.
_	However, Burgess's involvement was suspected and is generally viewed as the reason for his resignation from the university, reported by the "Call" on March 10, 1894, with the note that the resignation was "to take effect with the close of the year."
_	Such variations are often marked with a few grace notes following the note that bears the trill indication.
_	A song is usually in a certain key, which is usually the note that the song ends on, and is the base frequency around which it resolves to at the end.
_	He ends the essay with the note that, in a dream, he "showed this manuscript to Blake, who told me that he was 'not uncomfortable' with my reading of 'The Little Black Boy.'"
_	W, to "Mexico basin" was rejected by the Sixteenth Meeting of the GEBCO Sub-committee on Undersea Feature Names (SCUFN), the international authority on feature names, in 2003 with the note that it is "an historical name dating back to Sir John Murray."
_	The tape box contained the note that the jam was "for the attention of Ringo".
_	On January 15, 1947, with the cold war in full swing and Mildred Harnack's CIC file stamped "SECRET" (see photo), the case was closed with the note that it "should not have been referred for investigation" and ordering the office to halt its investigation.
_	The narration is attributed to Louis Jordan with the note that he was uncredited.
_	She notes one exception in Ibn Hisham's biography of the Prophet, which suggests that consummation may have occurred when Aisha was age 10, summarizing her review with the note that "these specific references to the bride's age reinforce Aisha's pre-menarcheal status and, implicitly, her virginity.
_	Gabrielle visits Nick in the hospital and shows him the note that Angie left her saying that she and Danny are held hostage.
_	It was founded in 1917 with a focus on assisting veterans of World War I as the "Bund der Kriegsteilnehmer und Kriegsbeschädigten" (Association of War Veterans and War Wounded), in 1918 became the "Reichsbund der Kriegsbeschädigten und Kriegsteilnehmer" (Imperial Association of War Veterans and War Wounded), and in 1999, after several further changes of name, became the Sozialverband Deutschland, with the note that it was founded in 1917 as the Reichsbund.
_	This was later quoted in the Passfield white paper, with the note that: "His Majesty's Government are fully in accord with the sense of this pronouncement and it is a source of satisfaction to them that it has been rendered authoritative by the approval of the Council of the League of Nations."
_	Coffin was a noted patron of charities, and a few weeks before his death donated a hundred pounds to the Royal Naval Charity, with the note that he did so 'fearful I might suddenly slip my wind, and in the hurry of my departure forget to order ... £100 to be set aside.
_	Then they gave me the note that said I was done for the day.
_	The map attached to C. W. Gwynn's account of his 1908/09 triangulation survey of southern Ethiopia shows Boditi, with the note that it had a market.
_	A list, running from "1840-Harrison" to "1920—Harding" was followed by "1940—??????" and the note that "In the last 100 years, Every U.S. President Elected at 20-Year Intervals Has Died In Office!"
_	If extended for enough time, the note that stays on the same pitch can be called a drone.
_	Álvarez-Renta won the case on the note that Ms. Perez was declared psychologically unfit to take care of their, at the time, 7-year-old daughter.
_	Alan Sepinwall wrote a positive review of the episode for HitFix, saying "Arya's fencing lesson is a wonderful scene, carried by the joy of Maisie Williams' performance and the playful, Inigo Montoya-ish quality of her new teacher Syrio, but it's also such a small, simple thing that you wouldn't ordinarily expect it to be the note that an episode of dramatic television goes out on" and continued "I liked the looser, more rambling quality of "Lord Snow," an episode largely about transitions, fish out of water, and old ghosts.
_	Henry a permission slip for a field trip the next morning and finds the note that Hook gave her which is the address for Neal's apartment in the city.
_	Chapter 21 concludes on the note that 'the Courtright controversy highlights the unwillingness on the part of the most prominent academic scholars to investigate cases of apparent scholarly malfeasance, with honesty.'
_	The Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between SCO and SNCP (Stephen Norris & Co. Capital Partners) included the note that "upon the effective date of the Proposed Plan of Reorganization, the existing CEO of the Company, Darl McBride, will resign immediately."
_	Munsell adds the note that the rags were stripped from mummies.
_	While packing, he finds the note that Katherine's Aunt Lillian left for Dylan, which reveals Katherine's true mystery, and he decides he wants to leave her.
_	At the hotel, the note that Rose left is still there, untouched.
_	Usually, that pitch is the note that indicates the transposition of that brass instrument.
_	Stepanović, while the Timok Division was on the march, received the note that from Ovče polje and Kočani, strong Ottoman force was marching toward Kratovo.
_	The type specimen has the note that it was collected on "Gently undulating terrain, east of hills, orange clayey sand with numerous lateritic pebbles.
_	Stopping a note on one string, for example first finger "E" on the D string, and having another finger just touching the string a fourth higher, in this case on the position of the note "A", produces the fourth harmonic of the "E," sounding a tone two octaves above the note that is stopped, in this case, E. Finger placement and pressure, as well as bow speed, pressure, and sounding point are all essential in getting the desired harmonic to sound.
_	"Time" similarly complimented both musicians and stated "Williams expertly helps build the mood and [Carter] has a sure feel for the note that underlines the swirl of chords".
_	The final scene again shows 50 at his desk, opening the note that reads "I am the last thing you will think about, (heart) Vivica", and she detonates 50 Cent's office.
_	After learning of the death of his wife Vogel searches his desk for a letter and eventually finds the note that Henriette wrote to him before her first planned suicide attempt hidden in a drawer.
_	Programs regularly ended with the note that "The concert will conclude with the Boston Favorite Extravaganza of LUCY LONG."
_	However, the Abbeville sentence already included this stipulation and the note that the Dictionary should be burned as well.
_	The Bureau confiscates and destroys the note that contains Elise's phone number, and David is warned that if he reveals the existence of the Bureau to anyone else, he will be "reset"—akin to being lobotomized.
_	In the eleventh century, a scribe added the note that "Warmund is consecrated bishop" beside the "Nonas marcii" ("nones [i.e., the 7th] of March") in the calendar preface to a ninth-century copy of the "Martyrology of Adon".
_	He shows her the note that Rex wrote before he died that says "Bree, I understand and I forgive you."
_	The film ends on the note that 'the journey is the destination', which about sums up the feeling that you get while watching this film".
_	Segovia complained that he "had to substitute or cancel a specific musical piece from one of his programs because the note that he had to emphasize coincided with one of the mortifying [weak] notes".
_	Additionally, in her ruling, Forrest made the note that while the Klein video may be classified as a "reaction video", not all reaction videos could fall under the fair use doctrine.
_	After he has left, Augusto reads the note that Alessandro left saying that he would kill all
_	After successfully hitting the note, which she called "the note that changed my life", she was given the opportunity to record the song.
_	The tombstone of David White, an early settler along the river in Kentucky, marks his passing in 1817 with the note that he lived many years near the Mouth of the Big Sandy.
_	Henry had led her to believe in the note that Stanley had attacked a female grad student earlier and that she was now hiding underneath the stairs and that only Wilma would be able to talk her out.
_	Thomson sent him a copy and, with the note that ""you must suffer me to enclose a small mark of my gratitude, and to repeat it–afterwards when I find it convenient"" a five-pound note.
_	The libretto was edited into a more useful state by the court poet Caterino Mazzolà, Unusually, in Mozart's personal catalogue of compositions, Mazzolà is credited for his revision with the note that the libretto had been "reworked into a true opera".
_	Aboard the TARDIS, the Doctor directs Amy to write the note that led him to Craig's house, using a red pen in his jacket; she rummages around and finds the engagement ring from her husband-to-be, Rory, whom she had forgotten after he was consumed by the crack in space and time and erased from existence.
_	In Satire 4, Horace makes the note that
_	In 2014 NBC News reported that a collection of Sinatra CDs were on display in the March Lebanon office in Beirut, with the note that they were banned for "Zionist tendencies".
_	When Scapin returns, Argentine pretends to be jealous and asks him to reveal the note that he has in his pocket.
_	This mention also includes the note that the film was already in a two-reel state and stars Harry Carey.
_	Finally, the note that he was the "pilot" retains the possibility that the captain of that expedition was actually someone else (Gonçalo Velho?).
_	In the car, Sophia reads the note that Edith had left in which she confesses to the murder but Charles argues that he believes Edith is not the killer.
_	The album ends with the note that, with Asterix's cure for drunkenness now available to the Romans, they initiate a series of ever-increasing parties that result in the collapse of the empire.
_	It is revealed the note that Payne gave to Devian, presumably containing instructions for repopulating the human race, really said "Thank Sullivan for me."
_	He hands her the note that she wrote.
_	Mauro names the two parallel rivers differently,calling one ""flumen Mas" ("Mas River"), the other the ""canal dal oro"" ("Channel of Gold"), and makes the note that ""Inne larena de questi do fiume se trova oro de paiola""
_	The CIA concludes its definition with the note that this list is;
_	After finding out from the note that Largo has departed for Sarajevo, Marcus kills her.
_	Due to the film's explicit sex scenes, Locarno Film Festival put on its catalogue, tickets and promotional publications the note that "this film may hurt the sensitivities of some viewers".
_	A dominant seventh chord (notation: V7) is one that contains the note that is a minor seventh above the root, and a dominant ninth chord (notation: V9) contains the note a ninth above the root.
_	Jude appears to have supported the temperance movement; "Fight the Drink", a song by Jude with lyrics by A Sargant, appears in a collection of his music with the note that it was "sung at the Crystal Palace Festival by 5000 people".
_	Departure was on 4 August, the day after a celebration in the city with ships dressed with bunting by day and electric lights by night with the note that this was "an agreeable picture of our last sight of civilization" before the Straits of Magellan.
_	After the trial of Émile Zola, Picquart was himself accused of forging the note that had convinced him of Esterhazy's guilt.
_	Emsworth learns from the note that Freddie has married Aggie that morning.
_	After three other ships arrived in Townsville, "Yongala" was listed as missing on 26 March, with the note that she may have been lost as early as 23 March.
_	Agency report expanded upon the previous report and included the note that "Two [Russian] [sport] athletes, winners of 4 Sochi Olympic Gold medals, and a female Silver medal winner in [sport] had samples with salt readings that were physiologically impossible" and that "Twelve [Russian] medal winning athletes ... from 44 examined samples had scratches and marks on the inside of the caps of their B sample bottles, indicating tampering".
_	Christopher adds to the note that while it is not impossible to forge some consistency between the two versions, they likely represent two independent accounts of the origin of the house.
_	Such variations are often marked with a few appoggiaturas following the note that bears the trill indication.
_	... it is somewhat fitting to end on the note that the ARPANET program has had a strong and direct feedback into the support and strength of computer science, from which the network, itself, sprang.
_	In August 2010, Beamz was listed among the Best Tools for Schools by the National Association of Music Merchants at the NAMM Show with the note that using Beamz was fun and a "great way to involve special ed students in music making."
_	Notice that in each of the non-equal tuning systems, by definition the width of "each" type of interval (including the semitone) changes depending on the note that starts the interval.
_	General statements about the use of "voseo" in different localities should be qualified by the note that individual speakers may be inconsistent in their usage, and that isoglosses rarely coincide with national borders.
_	Similarly the other voices gradually find the note that they have been seeking and once reached, they play it continuously until the end.
_	He also made a small but significant change to the "question motif", which had originally ended on the note that began it, but now remained unresolved.
_	Virtually oblivious to Greg's existence or identity (Greg stops trying to impress her after she mistakes him for Fregley), she appears to take an interest in Rowley's sweetness, judging by an enthusiastic message which she had signed in his yearbook (as opposed to the note that she had written for the envious Greg).
_	They appear, nevertheless, in standard reference works such as Gaston Waringhien's "Plena Ilustrita Vortaro de Esperanto", often with the note that they are indecent neologisms.
_	The resonant frequency is the pitch of the note that is heard.
_	The issue ends on the note that Mary Jane has a lot of work ahead of her.
_	Tilney went on the note that the Office also provided a house for the Master and his family, and other residences for some of the office's personnel, if specified in the "patents" of their positions.
_	The film ends on the note that "Today a well is proven to be stolen, Don't let the country to be proved stolen" as addressed by Mukund to the people.
_	His name was added in the 2nd edition, with the note that he is a “slave owner”, who has lived “by planting in Florida for the last twenty-five years, disavow[ing] all other motives but that of increasing the value of his property.”
_	"I have here the note that was sent at the time to the production office and it says: "I didn't use the N-word here but I've just listened through my headphones and it sounds like I did.
_	In the Mainland and Hong Kong Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement (as well as the Mainland and Macau Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement) the CPG also uses the Chinese characters "inner land", with the note that they refer to the "customs territory of China".
_	However, Mahler includes the note that "if necessary, the alto part may be sung by a baritone".
_	That evening Abhinay again compels Swarnalatha to sing in the city, but she again refuses, and Abhinay ends the communication with the note that She owes him a lot as he is her best friend's son, after all.
_	Harmonics are marked in music either with a little circle above the note that determines the pitch of the harmonic, or by diamond-shaped note heads.
_	Before death Paakaran's father had written the note that he is transferring all his wealth to Paruvamma and that when Paakaran attains the right age, Paruvamma has to transfer all that she likes to Paakaran.
_	Here the narrator leaves the story, with the note that readers can guess the end by themselves.
_	The story then ends with the note that Ptolemy's memoirs of Alexander were eventually burned, lost forever with the Library of Alexandria.
_	He then gave him the note that Luttrell had written.
_	Morris briefly promoted the series II car with the note that it performed just like a 14 horsepower car but that brought about a clash from the summer of 1936 when Morris began to supply a six-cylinder 1818cc Morris Fourteen.
_	While some striking correspondences were obtained, these did not hold up to Soal's statistical scrutiny, and the report of the research commenced with the note that the findings were "entirely negative".
_	Davison arranged for the note that was attached to the brick to be sent to his DNA forensics laboratory in South Africa in an attempt to DNA profile the perpetrator who had handled it.
_	While not being identical with the acciaccatura, these are almost always quite short, and take their time from the allocation for the note that precedes them.
_	If he had retuned one of the strings so it didn't match any note in the pentatonic scale, and had then plucked it, all twenty-five strings on the other zither would have resonated [動] , not because there was any fundamental difference in the sound, but because it was the note that dominated all the rest.
_	The 1728 edition of a map by Johannes van Keulen shows the strait north of the Island of California with the note that 'they say that one can come through this strait to Hudson Bay, but this is not proven.
_	The formal NATO definition of the term "counter-battery" is "fire delivered for the purpose of destroying or neutralising the enemy's fire support system", with the note that it may be proactive or reactive.
_	It is revealed in the note that the mute is the source of a cure, as her blood is immune to the infection.
_	He is tied up outside the building the next morning with a note "Mind Your Own Business", but still has the note that he found that read '1995 bathtub incident', followed by a list of names.
_	The U.S. Copyright Office record for "Kim" adds the note that some material is taken from a preexisting diary.
_	As Sharon left, Phil took the note that he wrote when he was a boy out of his pocket.
_	In the course of that document production I came across the note that is dated on or about June 12, and the note... shows that I hadn't first learned it from Russert, although that was my memory, I had first learned it when he said it to me."
_	He adds to the list Yemen, with the note that ‘at the moment the Imams have usurped control’.
_	The account name was the equivalent of a directory name under Unix-style user accounts, with the note that the user name indicated which person sharing that account was the party using it.
_	You see the actual heat changes in muscle activity, while hearing the note that caused the heat change.
_	The RSV edition of 1947 ends its main text at verse 8 and then in a footnote provides this ending with the note that "other texts and versions" include it; but the revised RSV of 1971 and the NRSV reverted to the practice of the RV.
_	The film ends with the note that only Loïc's body was found; Fred, Karine, Guillaume and Chloé remain missing, and a boy named Anton, kidnapped at the age of five, also remains missing: countless people go missing in the Balkans every year.
_	Now Nataraj was rid of Vasu, and the story ends on the note that all demons-"rakshashas", devils and monsters bring the downfall to themselves.
_	By increasing the force of the pluck, one can increase the volume of the note that the string is producing.
_	They begin to have an affair, which the servants get wind of, in spite of Lady Marjorie's attempts to hide it- she burns the note that comes with the bouquet of roses which Charles sends her.
_	The chapter continues with the prophecy of Zacharias, (known as the Benedictus,) and ends with the note that John "grew, and became strong in spirit, and was in the deserts" until his ministry to Israel began; so it is unknown how long Elizabeth and her husband lived after that ().
_	Harmonics are marked in music with a little circle above the note that determines the pitch of the harmonic.
_	A digital-only EP of six tracks based on the soundtrack were made available on Bandcamp on 28 June, with the note that "A studio album by JF&TM of the complete soundtrack will be released by Metamatic Recordings in the next 12 months"
_	The item followed with the note that muleskinner "Borax Bill" Parkinson had driven an original wagon from Oakland, California, to New York City in 1917, spending two years on the journey.
_	The images were released in 1985 with the note that 'proposals for a double chimney and high sided tender were narrowly defeated...'
_	The northern end is finished with a brick castellated retaining wall with the three horseshoe arches and is a grade II listed building with the note that it is "an interesting example of early railway architecture".
_	To settle which is right, Burgess cuts open the sack and finds the note that reveals the full remark:
_	The drone group is composed by the rest of the members of the polyphonic group and is also called iso keepers group (, (isokrates, "iso keepers") , and ), from the Greek Isocrates "ισοκράτης" and that from the Medieval Greek "ισοκρατών" ("isokraton"), "one who holds the "ison"", the note that holds on the whole length of a song, from Ancient Greek "ἴσος" ("isos") generally meaning "equal" but here "equal in flight of song" + "κρατέω" ("krateo") "to rule, to hold".
_	Inspector Baynes produces the note that Eccles saw Garcia receive.
_	Bugliosi was very critical of Clark and Darden, faulting them, among other reasons, for not introducing the note that Simpson had written before trying to flee.
_	The next morning, the watchman (Sid James) finds the note that Yvonne never received, crumpled on the floor.
_	Jennifer Maerz of "Entertainment Weekly" ended her review with the note that "MCS' slick, soaring anthems ultimately unite the spirits of those who see themselves, like Pierre, as 'lifeless corners of this empty frame.'"
