_	The attribution to Mañjuśrī is an attempt by its author(s) to counter the objection that the teachings in this text are of non-Buddhist origin.<need ref>
_	In 1894 "Around Tonkin and Siam" said ""This, in my view, is too pessimist an estimate of the situation, a remark which also applies to the objection that these new roads facilitate the circulation of pirates.
_	He notes the objection that he contradicts himself in granting societal interference with youth because they are irrational but denying societal interference with certain adults though they act irrationally.
_	Both Alvin Plantinga and Richard Swinburne raise the objection that God is not complex.
_	The court then considered whether the laws of Pennsylvania, under which defendants propose to levy a tax for county purposes upon the plaintiff's shares of stock, are open to the objection that they violate the principle of equality which the act of Congress intended to establish between capital invested in such shares and other moneyed capital.
_	Building his argument upon the Daniel passage, Thomas Aquinas recalls that some bring forward the objection that the Ancient of Days matches the Person of the Father, without necessarily agreeing with this statement himself.
_	On the second day of the trial, Papadopoulos' defence lawyers Karagiannopoulos, Papaspyrou and Steiropoulos raised the objection that the court did not have jurisdictional authority over their client regarding the events of the Polytechnic, because he had Presidential immunity as President of Greece during the time of the events and demanded an immediate ruling from the court.
_	Suggestions which have been put forward that there should be a British resident in Kabul, that British officers should be lent to organize the Afghan army, or that railways should be pushed forward into Afghanistan to connect its chief cities with British India, so that they might be at once garrisoned by British troops in case of threatened attack, are all open to the objection that any such steps would arouse the deepest resentment amongst the people.
_	Althusser's "totalizing perspective" – which, by destroying the dialectics of experience, cannot reconcile the ways in which people "make history" and are "made by history", and therefore falls from one contradiction into another – does not just destroy belief in the power of human action (because "the system" dominates everything); the super-human approach also invites the objection that it leads to totalitarianism.
_	To the objection that there are no contemporary Roman records of Jesus' existence, Ehrman points out that such records exist for almost no one and there are mentions of Christ in several Roman works of history from only decades after the death of Jesus.
_	As for Breyer's concurring opinion, Stevens succinctly dismisses the objection that the OHA's definition of native is not "reasonable" by noting simply that "this suggestion does not identify a constitutional defect" (9).
_	Loschmidt's paradox, also known as the reversibility paradox, is the objection that it should not be possible to deduce an irreversible process from the time-symmetric dynamics that describe the microscopic evolution of a macroscopic system.
_	Specifying a large minimum degree removes the objection that there may be a few 'pathological' vertices; if the minimum degree of a graph "G" is 1, for example, then there can be no isolated vertices (even though "G" may have very few edges).
_	In response to the objection that the larynx is descended in human females, Fitch suggests that mothers vocalising to protect their infants would also have benefited from this ability.
_	To the objection that the distinction matters because the approval of abilities feels different from the approval of virtues, Hume responds that our approval of different things always feels different (e.g., with different virtues).
_	To the objection that virtues are unlike abilities in being voluntary and involving free will, Hume replies that many virtues are involuntary (especially the virtues of the great), that voluntariness has no clear relevance to the process of moral evaluation, and that we have no free will other than mere voluntariness.
_	Richard Swinburne gets past the objection that green may be redefined in terms of "grue" and "bleen" by making a distinction based on how we test for the applicability of a predicate in a particular case.
_	An issue which has been addressed at IDRC workshops is the objection that outcome mapping procedures are too long and complex.
_	To the objection that "sensations" do not mean the same thing as "mental processes", Place could simply reply with the example that "lightning" does not mean the same thing as "electrical discharge" since we determine that something is lightning by looking and seeing it, whereas we determine that something is an electrical discharge through experimentation and testing.
_	This has the objection that it adds significantly to the labour required to make the measurements, as does the technique of precisely calibrating the detector and adjusting the readings on the meter according to a calibration chart.
_	To the objection that there are no contemporary Roman records of Jesus' existence, Ehrman points out that such records exist for almost no one and there are mentions of Christ in several Roman works of history from only decades after the death of Jesus.
_	In a unanimous opinion authored by Justice McReynolds, the Supreme Court stated "the objection that the Act usurps police power reserved to the States is plainly untenable."
_	In a unanimous opinion authored by Justice McReynolds, the Supreme Court stated "the objection that the Act usurps police power reserved to the States is plainly untenable."
_	Robert Bridges, turn of the 19th-century literary critic, wrote "for the sake of the last section (l. 50 to end), tho' this is open to the objection that the imagery is work'd up to outface the idea—which is characteristic of Keats' manner.
_	This initiative is hampered by the objection that, apart from thousands of the victims of Nazism and hundreds of the victims of communism, the mass graves also contain thousands of bodies or body parts of unknown people who died in Prague hospitals and were subsequently used for pathological or academic autopsies.
_	That was the objection that leads to Dini ya Misambwa being banned in post-colonial Kenya not hatred to white people (Bonsu & Ed, 2016).
_	Banks had not raised the objection that the court had failed to provide prior notice of the contemplated upward variance at the time of his actual sentencing, the appeals court was limited to plain error as its standard of review, Van Antwerpen wrote.
_	He dismissed the objection that women did not have the physical stamina for the job, since the automobile had removed that need, and dismissed the issue of the legal inferiority of women to men when acting as guardians designated by the prefect of a department on the basis that the guardianship was assigned to the "inspecteur", not to the man or woman who held the post.
_	To the objection that Shakspeare wounds the moral sense by the unsubdued, undisguised description of the most hateful atrocity—that he tears the feelings without mercy, and even outrages the eye itself with scenes of insupportable horror—I, omitting "Titus Andronicus", as not genuine, and excepting the scene of Gloster's blinding in "Lear", answer boldly in the name of Shakspeare, not guilty.
_	However, at least in Meditation One, Descartes doesn't have a problem in postulating a deceiving God and he rejects the objection that such deception is inconsistent with God's supreme goodness.
_	In the sixth edition Darwin inserted a new chapter VII (renumbering the subsequent chapters) to respond to criticisms of earlier editions, including the objection that many features of organisms were not adaptive and could not have been produced by natural selection.
_	Others have raised the objection that "(w)hether it's fair to classify all these journals and publishers as 'predatory' is an open question—several shades of gray may be distinguishable."
_	To the objection that the new calendar has created problems by adjusting only the fixed calendar, while leaving all of the commemorations in the moveable cycle on the original Julian calendar, the obvious answer, of course, is that the 1923 Synod, which adopted the new calendar, did in fact change the moveable calendar as well, and that calendar problems introduced as a result of the adoption of the (fixed) new calendar alone, would not have existed had the corrections to the moveable calendar also been implemented.
_	For example, Goddard (1998:262–266) raised the objection that "a visual representation cannot — in and of itself — convey a meaning.
_	In 1894 "Around Tonkin and Siam" said ""This, in my view, is too pessimist an estimate of the situation, a remark which also applies to the objection that these new roads facilitate the circulation of pirates.
_	So, to the objection that "sensations" do not mean the same thing as "mental processes", Place could simply reply with the example that "lightning" does not mean the same thing as "electrical discharge" since we determine that something is lightning by looking and seeing it, whereas we determine that something is an electrical discharge through experimentation and testing.
_	Senior colleagues raised the objection that a Jewish Minister of Information would not benefit relations with neutral countries, and Chamberlain offered Hore-Belisha the post of President of the Board of Trade instead.
_	To the objection that it seems unlikely that such a long speech could be reproduced in the text of Acts exactly as it was delivered, some Biblical scholars have replied that Stephen's speech shows a distinctive personality behind it.
_	This is a classic exposition of the Inertial frame of reference and refutes the objection that if we were moving hundreds of kilometres an hour as the Earth rotated, anything that one dropped would rapidly fall behind and drift to the west.
_	He anticipates the objection that would invert his argument by saying that he is recommending a narcissistic evasion of responsibility for grappling with social problems.
_	Blech acknowledges the objection that a "fable" need not be factually accurate; he counters that the book trivializes the conditions in and around the death camps and perpetuates the "myth that those [...] not directly involved can claim innocence", and thus undermines its moral authority.
_	Jeremias also disputed that the Last Supper was a chaburah meal, interposing the objection that the chaburah was a "duty" meal, held appurtenant to a formal occasion such as a 'bris' or a betrothal.
_	The Anabaptists raised the objection that Christ did not baptise children, and so Christians, likewise, should not baptise their children.
_	Frale's methodology has been criticized, partly based on the objection that the writings are too faint to see.
_	To the objection that though health and sickness produce pleasure and pain in us, they are not typically sources of pride or humility, he recalls that these passions require a long-lasting cause related only to ourselves or a few others—thus a long record of exceptionally poor health can in fact be a source of shame.
_	As result, the proprietors at Holywell Press saw the need to step in, with the objection that the staff was now "definitely left-wing and will almost inevitably remain so."
_	The Gemara explained that the ten utterances are indicated by the ten uses of "And [God] said" in To the objection that these words appear only nine times in the Gemara responded that the words "In the beginning" also count as a creative utterance.
_	Along with the objection that there is no scientific controversy to teach, another common objection is that the Teach the Controversy campaign and intelligent design arise out of a Christian fundamentalist and evangelistic movement that calls for broad social, academic and political changes.
_	Willow baskets woven into cabinetry were registered by Grey jointly with Smallbone of Devizes in 1987 for copyright, though Mark Wilkinson raised the objection that basketry can be traced to historic African applications.
_	In addition to the objection that he was considered to be the President's unofficial advisor, that he was affiliated with special interest groups, that there were now no justices from west of the Mississippi, opposing groups and individuals appearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee pointed to Frankfurter as foreign-born and deemed to be affiliated with an anti-Christian movement viewed as part of a broader Communist infiltration into the country.
_	To avoid the objection that judgment is required for reasoning and cannot be ignored in the deliberative process, Marchia offers a further distinction between apprehensive and judicative knowledge, and two types of rational reflective judgments.
_	In reply to the objection that there generally isn't enough time to calculate how a given act might affect the long-term general happiness, Mill sketches a kind of "two-tier" approach to ethics that accords an important place to moral rules in ethical decision-making.
_	The legitimacy of baunscheidtism as an effective medical practice was questioned by at least 1880, when a Melbourne practitioner named Samuel Fischer lost a lawsuit he brought against a patient who failed to pay him, based on the objection that Fischer (a bootmaker) was not a qualified medical practitioner.
_	From Pulchri came the objection that this painting would no longer correspond to the current state of the art. –
_	The law passed, although itself raised the objection that it infringed upon university autonomy.
_	In on artificial intelligence, Stuart Russell and Peter Norvig raise the objection that there are known limits to intelligent problem-solving from computational complexity theory; if there are strong limits on how efficiently algorithms can solve various computer science tasks, then intelligence explosion may not be possible.
_	Among the other objections Mill answers is the objection that the truth will necessarily survive persecution and that society need only teach the grounds for truth, not the objections to it.
_	He anticipates the objection that his transformation would "imply that the worship of Christ, traditional throughout the whole of Christian history, was idolatrous in character."
_	While this dispositionalism quite successfully deals with the objection that one can feel or think one thing and do another, it is not enough - "it seems obvious as anything is obvious that there is something actually going on in me that constitutes my thought".
_	Honderich wrote a number of papers in criticism of Donald Davidson's Anomalous Monism, and in particular made the objection that on certain assumptions the view is epiphenomenalist.
_	He writes of the objection that a moral life should be sought because morality is valued, rather than to avoid punishment or receive a reward.
_	Tertullian explicitly tackled the objection that polygamy was allowed for the patriarchs.
_	Hamilton, foreseeing the objection that this could not be done since the U.S. government did not have $2 million, proposed that the government make the stock purchase using money lent to it by the bank; the loan to be paid back in ten equal annual installments.
_	Frale's methodology has been criticized, partly based on the objection that the writings are too faint to see.
_	Originally, there were intermediate stations at Brigham and at Camerton; additional stations were soon added at Broughton Cross and at Workington Bridge at the northern end of the road bridge over the Derwent (the latter station to remove the objection that travellers to the upper end of Workington were being carried past their ultimate destination on the opposite bank of the Derwent and then faced a 10-15 minute walk uphill from the WJR station.)
_	In response to the objection that the larynx is descended in human females, Fitch suggests that mothers vocalising to protect their infants would also have benefited from this ability.
_	Mill anticipates the objection that people desire other things such as virtue.
_	A defense Kuhn gives against the objection that his account of science from "The Structure of Scientific Revolutions" results in relativism can be found in an essay by Kuhn called "Objectivity, Value Judgment, and Theory Choice."
_	His argument, whilst not yet accepted by Protestants, removed the objection that each mass was a separate and new 'immolation' of Christ, a repeated and thus efficacious act.
_	Later, in October 1854, Ernestine Rose was elected president of the National Women's Rights Convention at Philadelphia, overcoming the objection that she was unsuitable because of her atheism.
_	Ruse defends attempts to explain homosexuality against the objection that they might harm gay people, arguing that while they could have harmful consequences they also have the potential to do good.
_	To the objection that the target market did not “belong to the book-buying classes”, they said: “Why should [books]
_	Upon submission of the application by Italy, Germany and Greece raised the objection that the protection of the expression "balsamic vinegar" would have strongly damaged their national production, that have been legalized for five years.
_	Stewart was admitted to Gray's Inn on 9 March 1620 when he was a Gentleman of the Privy Chamber to James I. In 1624, he was elected Member of Parliament for Monmouth Boroughs but was unseated on petition on 28 March 1624 on the objection that he was a "Scotchman" and not naturalised.
_	However, the replies in these two paragraphs do not directly answer the objection that guilt is inherently non-transferable, whether the victim seeks to have it transferred or not.
_	However, there was strong opposition to this bill due to the objection that it will create hardships for women and that the bill strongly supports one party while both parties should be treated equal in divorce.
_	Loschmidt's paradox, also known as the reversibility paradox, irreversibility paradox or , is the objection that it should not be possible to deduce an irreversible process from time-symmetric dynamics.
_	Opponents of children's rights often raise the objection that rights must entail responsibilities.
_	In their conclusion, the authors address the objection that Rind's work and their own would give support to those who deny that child sexual abuse can cause harm:
