_	This follows immediately from the Galois connection between ideals of "R" and closed subsets of Spec("R") and the observation that, by the definition of Spec("R"), each prime ideal formula_4 of "R" corresponds to a generic point of the closed subset associated to formula_4 by the Galois connection.
_	This is similar to the observation that it is unlikely that any given person will win a lottery, but, eventually, a lottery will have a winner; to argue that it is very unlikely that any one player would win is not the same as proving that there is the same chance that no one will win.
_	The human purinosome was thought to have been identified in 2008 by the observation that transiently expressed GFP fusion constructs of purine biosynthesis proteins form macrobodies.
_	Discovery of senolytic drugs was based on a hypothesis-driven approach: the investigators leveraged the observation that senescent cells are resistant to apoptosis to discover that pro-survival pathways are up-regulated in these cells.
_	It is this novel that elicited the observation that "The best way to think of these novels is as a single 5,000-page book."
_	The name digger pine supposedly came from the observation that the Paiute foraged for its seeds by digging around the base of the tree, although it is more likely that the term was first applied to the people; "Digger Indians" was in common use in California literature from the 1800s.
_	The ISET technology is based on the observation that tumor cells of all types of solid cancers are larger than blood cells (leukocytes and erythrocytes).
_	Compton would eventually be proven right by the observation that cosmic rays are deflected by the Earth's magnetic field (and so must be charged particles).
_	This hypothesis is supported by the observation that the entire protein domain could move several nanometers during catalysis.
_	Turning to the equation for formula_46 with the observation that formula_47 all solutions of this second-order differential equation are a linear combination of Bessel functions of order 0, since this is a special case of Bessel's differential equation:
_	This makes use of the observation that:
_	Among these issues are racial discrimination in sports as well as the observation that there are overrepresentations and underrepresentations of different races in different sports.
_	Robertson and Munro proved that this game is PSPACE-complete, which illustrates the observation that NP-complete puzzles tend to lead to PSPACE-complete games.
_	The importance of limbic dysfunction early in development is highlighted by the observation that amygdala lesions early in adulthood produce emotional abnormalities that are not present in people who develop amygdala damage in adulthood.
_	A somewhat lower molecular weight cutoff of 500 daltons (as part of the "rule of five") has been recommended for oral small molecule drug candidates based on the observation that clinical attrition rates are significantly reduced if the molecular weight is kept below this limit.
