_	Roughly 13.5 million homeowners are underwater (in negative equity), meaning they owe more than their home is now worth, increasing the odds that millions more will lose their homes.
_	In his foreword to 'Slightly Dangerous', photographer Tim Page writes: "This is a life well travelled, of a baby boomer who surfs an existential path across six decades, waxing the best of nostalgia against the odds that are self mitigated by the excesses of those times.
_	“Presenting more than one offer at a time increases the other side’s satisfaction as well as the odds that an agreement will be implemented.
_	By the 1960s, however, advances in ground-based radar, guided missiles, radar-guided anti-aircraft guns, and fighter planes greatly decreased the odds that bombers could reach their targets, whether they used the traditional high-altitude or newer low-altitude approach.
_	All of this, according to Hopkins, creates "a powerful atmosphere of the uncanny" and "a sense of the odds that are stacked against the novel's hero".
_	After each additional question, another drop zone is added, increasing the odds that the contestant will be eliminated after providing an incorrect answer.
_	Ray Kurzweil talks about postbiological evolution and Nick Bostrom talks about transhumanism and the odds that the entire universe, and our sense of it and ourselves, is a simulation by a super-intelligent civilization.
_	Group readings improve the odds that at least one person in the audience will identify with a general statement made with conviction.
_	Once connected to the network, public keys are automatically exchanged amongst members (provided enough of the members are set to forward and accept public keys), and nodes will then attempt to connect to each other, strengthening the network (decreasing the odds that any one node going down will collapse or shut out any part of the network), as well as increasing the number of possible routes from any given point to any other point, decreasing latency and bandwidth required for communication and file transfer.
_	In this situation, there are only three opponents left to act, so the odds that one of them has a better hand are considerably less (only around 16%).
_	This greatly increases the odds that conditions will be favorable for strong tornado development.
_	Given this company's past failures, most Venezuelans are not very optimistic about the odds that this service will even come close to succeeding.
_	Since adjacent nodes in the keyspace are geographically diverse the odds that all "k" of them will go offline at the same time is very small.
_	A variation on his model (see Pairwise comparison and the BTL model), states that the difference between their quality values is equal to the log of the odds that object-A will beat object-B:
_	Saturating the drone congregation area improves the odds that the queen will mate with drones of a particular lineage, but does not guarantee it.
_	James T. Kirk and the rest of the crew of the "Enterprise" are called away from shore leave on Earth in order to serve as diplomats for Vulcan, arguing against the secession, as the odds that Vulcan will leave the Federation are considered very high.
_	And the fraction in the denominator, formula_25 is the odds that a healthy individual in the population was exposed to the childhood injury.
_	By targeting volunteers, permission marketing improves the odds that consumers pay more attention to the marketing message.
_	The wealthier the family, the greater the odds that they would marry their children off to wealthy families from neighboring towns.
_	He beat the odds that he would not survive past 40, having been a Type I diabetic since the age of 13.
_	That would be easier to achieve in full sunlight, improving the odds that passengers could be rescued, but he became concerned that the ocean waves were beginning to rise.
_	Great Benefit was playing the odds that the insured would not consult an attorney.
_	The original novel is explicit about the sexual relationship between the two male characters, and about the odds that the hero's wife is pregnant by another man.
_	(Evens (except for 1988), 2–1, 3–1, 4–1, 5–1 & 10–1) and after each question was asked, the contestants were asked how many points they would like to bet (up to 50 (30 in 1988)) and then, they selected the odds that corresponded to the answer they thought was correct, if they got the correct answer, they won the points the odds were worth, if they gave a wrong answer, they lost the points.
_	Also, it increases the odds that the projects chosen for investment are the ones with the most over-optimistic forecasts, and hence the highest probability of disappointment.
_	This increases the odds that teams will score and ensures a faster resolution.
_	Each older brother increases the odds that a male transsexual is homosexual by 40%."
_	As years go by, the odds that a person will become involved in a sexual relationship increase.
_	For example, the odds that a randomly chosen day of the week is a weekend are two to five (2:5), as days of the week form a sample space of seven outcomes, and the event occurs for two of the outcomes (Saturday and Sunday), and not for the other five.
_	To increase the odds that any given photon causes stimulation, and to focus the output, x-ray lasers are designed to be very long and skinny.
_	On 10 May 1523, after his defeat by the allied armies of three imperial princes, the castle was finally destroyed., although the "Burgvogt", who occupied it with just eight servants, had surrendered without a fight owing to the odds that he was faced with.
_	The known cards are only a player's own card and the turn up, so with 58 unknowns, the odds that a hand will win in a three player game are calculated by the odds that both of the other hands lose to that player.
_	Drum further argued that "the odds that the AIPC formula is scalable to an entire school district is nil."
_	This has the advantage that many people are looking at the computer code, which improves the odds that any flaws will be found sooner (see Linus's law).
_	"Rolling Stone" magazine's Will Hermes interpreted the lyrics as about "holding on against the odds that has the breathtaking loft" of "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For", a song off Irish band U2's 1987 album "The Joshua Tree".
_	This process favors the accumulation of adaptive mutations more rapidly, therefore increasing the odds that a better adapted viral variant will appear in the host before the immune system suppresses the virus.
_	Blitz time controls increase the odds that one would "lose on time", meaning a forfeiture of the game due to the expiration of one's chess clock.
_	Discounts are offered because having security on site increases the odds that any fire will be noticed and reported to the local fire department before a total loss occurs.
_	Since the Braves play in a different division, the two teams played fewer games against each other, also lowering the odds that the Cardinals had to catch up with the Braves in the Wild Card race.
_	If no one in the field [for 35 years] had been able to crack it with this approach [stochastic dynamic programming], what are the odds that one more guy is going to do it?
_	An extensive study of neighbourhoods based on geo-coded trips to local destinations found that a fused grid type of layout increases home-base walking trips by 11.3% in comparison to the conventional grid and it is associated with a 25.9% increase in the odds that residents will meet the recommended physical activity levels.
_	Means reduction, reducing the odds that a suicide attempter will use highly lethal means, is an important component of suicide prevention.
_	Apart from the odds that he faced, he learned the language and helped himself overcome his obstructions.
_	What are the odds that the other side is also black?
_	In the past 10 years, the school has managed to somehow defeat the odds that brought a slump to student population since SY 1995-1996.
_	Given any arbitrary criteria for what constitutes a Boltzmann brain (or planet, or universe), smaller structures that minimally and barely meet the criteria are vastly and exponentially more common than larger structures; a rough analogy is how the odds of a real English word showing up when you shake a box of Scrabble letters are greater than the odds that a whole English sentence or paragraph will form.
_	The significance that salamanders (specifically tiger salamanders from the paper) can be infected is because they can perpetuate the presence of Bd in the environment which can then increase the odds that a frog will be infected by this disease.
_	It can be expensive to get sufficient numbers of participants to create a good representative sample and improving the odds that members of more marginalized groups will attend.
_	All indications prior to the special election seemed to favor the odds that the DFL would hold the district.
_	It holds that the more predictions a psychic makes, the better the odds that one of them will "hit".
_	Since the tiles are generally square, the software considers all four possible rotations for each tile, which greatly increases the odds that a given tile will find a good 'home'.
_	Unfair prejudice to a criminal defendant means the danger that the jury will "generaliz[e] a defendant's earlier bad act into bad character and taking that as raising the odds that he did the later bad act now charged (or worse, as calling for preventive conviction even if he should happen to be innocent momentarily)."
_	Symmetry suggests that the probability is independent of the color chosen, so that the information about which color is shown does not affect the odds that both sides have the same color.
_	The likelihood ratio is a statistic derived by comparing the odds that the evidence (expert testimony of a match) would be found if the defendant was the source with the odds that it would be found if defendant was not the source.
_	Randi asks Lu "What are the odds that we would both choose the same card?"
_	Payout is based on the odds that this is possible, based on the difference in values of the first two cards.
_	NRC estimated the odds that dams constructed like Jocassee will fail is about 1 in 3,600 failures per year.
_	Exchanges also tend to restrict the odds that can be offered to between 1.01 (1 to 100) and 1000 (999 to 1).
_	In a local smaller mental hospital, the odds that the ill would get better were higher.
_	When he does appear, will she take her chance at love, look beyond the odds that divide to see what binds them in a perfect whole?
_	During the same interval, the odds that the Earth will be scattered out of the Solar System by a passing star are on the order of one part in 10.
_	While ApoE4 has been found to greatly increase the odds that an individual will develop Alzheimer’s, a 2002 study concluded, that in persons with any combination of ApoE alleles, high serum total cholesterol and high blood pressure in mid-life are independent risk factors which together can nearly triple the risk that the individual will later develop AD.
_	Since the insurance company might process millions of claims the odds that any of those 30–50 "randomly selected" claims occurred after the policy was terminated is extremely unlikely.
_	Scott Von Doviak of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode a D- rating, saying "So what were the odds that all of this stuff with the egg and the Monarch and the mini-dome was going to pay off in a satisfying way in this season finale?
_	The default number of dice which factions roll is uniform, but by expending resources, players can increase the number of dice rolled for that turn, increasing the odds that they win the roll.
_	It was a year-long project with 4 key neighborhoods to increase the odds that Portland's neighborhood associations might reflect the diversity of their neighborhoods.
_	Governor Schwarzenegger denied the hidden message was inserted intentionally, media outlets consulted a mathematics professor, who reportedly determined that the odds that it was simply a coincidence were astronomical.
_	Novel cell lines should be proliferated and distributed and/or deposited at a safekeeping institution such as the ATCC as soon as possible after establishment, to minimize the odds that the line becomes spoiled by contamination.
_	Rather than consider the odds that an incremental investment would produce a positive return, people tend to "throw good money after bad" and continue investing in projects with poor prospects that have already consumed significant resources.
_	He thought that the morale of the episode was "wanting something to be real doesn't make it easier to pretend, and the harder Michael has to work to keep this up, the better the odds that he’s going to lose his grip".
_	Another presentation of the problem is to say : pick a random card out of the three, what are the odds that it has the same color on the other side?
_	Since star and planets counts are known, this leaves the only unknown as the odds that a habitable planet "ever" develops intelligent life.
_	If the analogy of a race is applied, the hazard ratio is equivalent to the odds that an individual in the group with the higher hazard reaches the end of the race first.
_	Editors who fail to comply with Wikipedia cultural rituals, such as , may implicitly signal that they are Wikipedia outsiders, increasing the odds that Wikipedia insiders may target or discount their contributions.
_	Despite the improvement in telecommunication to overcome distance as an obstacle for collaboration, working in separate locations still increases the odds that people are not on common ground, and are not aware of it.
_	His highest score was 72 for Kent v Hampshire in 1775, when he so upset the odds that "more money was won and lost than ever known".
_	The number of elevator stops going upwards and downwards are the same, but the odds that the next elevator is going up is only 2 in 60.
_	Or, the individual can illegally make multiple "xoxes", or copies of themselves, and scatter them throughout the system, exponentially increasing the odds that at least one of them will live for centuries more, if not forever.
_	By accomplishing this she defeated the odds that many young women of color are facing today.
_	Supporters of Iowa's fetal heartbeat bill, currently being challenged in court, that would effectively bar abortion after 12 weeks, have expressed concern that this ruling increases the odds that the fetal heartbeat bill will be successfully challenged and overturned at the Supreme Court of Iowa as unconstitutional under the state constitution, making a Supreme Court of the United States challenge much less likely.
_	Less ideal conditions, particularly wet, rainy weather, increases the odds that a higher than normal numbers of flowers go unpollinated and coulure to occur.
_	Because the odds that two random individuals are HLA matched exceeds one in 20,000, a registry's success depends on a large number of volunteer donors.
_	The series narrates the story of ill-fated lovers Kiko Sebastian (played by Rosell) and Geneva de Villa (played by King) and the odds that they try to beat, including social status and their conflicting families.
_	The tax, now based on gross profit, is now effectively indirectly levied on the punters, the cost being absorbed in the odds that bookmakers offer.
