_	By the time the 1980s had dawned, it had become clear that the optimism that had surrounded the policy of high rise housing had waned in less than two decades, and despite attempts to regenerate the estate, drug dealing, muggings and other serious crime continued, and the towers also became a frequent spot for suicides.
_	Thus, the optimism that often characterizes an asset acquirer must be replaced with the skepticism that typically characterizes a dispassionate, risk-averse buyer.
_	There is a return to the optimism that characterises most of his work.
_	He had the optimism that is essential for an inventor, and the perseverance that will not allow itself to be damped by failures.
_	Despite the optimism that the new home stadium brought, MTK Budapest was automatically relegated to the second division of Hungarian football, Nemzeti Bajnokság II, after finishing next to last in the Hungarian top division during the 2016-2017 season.
_	Bewilderment, bitterness, and illness replaced the optimism that fueled the American dream.
_	The new venture fund recently opened by Merck Serono and the fund just closed by Ascension Health Ventures are just a few examples of the optimism that is slowly reentering venture capital within healthcare.
_	According to music critic Ted Libbey, Mitchell ""personified the optimism that permeated Washington and America after World War II; he socialized, schmoozed and charmed the ladies of high Washington society, fitting right in, playing the role of music director as he played the cello.
_	Opposition between national governments, organised labour and employer representative bodies soon began to develop, and the optimism that had prevailed immediately following the end of the war gave way to doubt and pessimism.
_	Carr's analysis begins with the optimism that followed World War I, as embodied in the League of Nations declarations and various international treaties aimed at the permanent prevention of military conflict.
_	(Indeed, when Murong Ke's brother, the Former Yan emperor Murong Jun died in 360 and was succeeded by his young son Murong Wei, contrary to the optimism that many Jin officials had that with Murong Jun out of the way that Former Yan would be weakened, Huan commented, "Murong Ke is still alive, and I am afraid that we have an even greater problem.")
_	With the optimism that began the 1937 season gone, the second American Football League closed up shop at the end of the season.
_	Both the 'Captain's Room' and 'Red Staircase' are elegant examples of Georgian architecture within the building and are testament to the optimism that the city experienced during the period of development and expansion in the late 18th century.
