_	Recruiting new members to the group was difficult, however, because of the perception that "suffrage was radical and unwomanly."
_	By 2008, two years after the Wii's release, Nintendo acknowledged several limitations and challenges with the system (such as the perception that the system catered primarily to a "casual" audience and was unpopular among "core" gamers).
_	Although the 2004 dispute further strengthened the perception that Belarus and its economy were heavily dependent on Russian gas and Gazprom, it also became clear that Belarus also possessed some important cards.
_	There was also the perception that college educated women were less likely to marry, either because they “waited too long” or because the college experience which broadened their minds deluded them into believing “marriage should be between equals.”
_	However, as was the case with other such movements, the rhetoric was slowly stepped up, especially as, after the Russian Federation was formed, Balkars and Karachais were angered by the perception that the center in Moscow wanted to re-centralize their territory (including a possible abolition of their autonomy).
_	Natural surveillance limits the opportunity for crime by taking steps to increase the perception that people can be seen.
_	For example, anger typically diminishes following an apology or the perception that justice has been restored.
_	On Tantor Media, where the book has been given four and a half stars out of five a reviewer says, “Given the perception that the Middle East is largely hostile to the LGBTQ community, Parvez Sharma’s spiritual memoir A Sinner in Mecca is shocking in its clarity and candor.
_	Two years into its existence, Amtrak was fighting the perception that it was making "cosmetic changes to hand-me-down equipment".
_	Palestinians cite many reasons for the perceived lack of support of their cause in the United States, despite the perception that it is more broadly supported in Europe.
_	A faction called the Menzies Group was organised in response to the preselection result and the perception that the far right of the Canberra Liberals was running the party.
_	Another casualty of the controversy was head of ABC Radio Sue Howard, who was dismissed in 2009, partly for the perception that the controversy was mishandled.
_	Part of the reason for separating the Progressive Party from the UFM was the perception that the government had a narrow base representing only farmers, rather than all Manitobans.
_	Adding to the problems was the perception that "small market" teams, such as the struggling Seattle Mariners could not compete with high spending teams such as those in New York or Los Angeles.
_	Their proposals for wholesale Romanization met condemnation from various public figures due to the perception that Romanization was a means of assimilation and Levantinization.
_	Onyioha played a big part in helping to break the perception that music was a vocation for academically challenged women.
_	Also, identity is the perception that people hold about themselves in a social setting.
_	The game was viewed as a rather innocuous pastime – unlike the perception that diversions such as card playing or dancing were considered "works of the Devil" as held by many 19th-century Protestant groups.
_	Secondly, it may thwart the perception that the judiciary is a co-equal institution in the scheme of the separation of powers, thus causing a loss of respect and public confidence in the system.
_	Insula hyperactivity during the onset of and over the course of acute panic episodes is thought to be related to abnormal introceptive processes; the perception that bodily sensations are "wrong" is a transdiagnostic finding(i.e. found across multiple anxiety disorders), and may be related to insula dysfunction.
_	Ironically, it was the perception that his past works had been so highly controversial that had now scared off any legitimate publishers from wanting to buy his fresh compilation of poetry.
_	This was largely in response to the perception that gauge-convertible wagons were being borrowed for extensive periods by the New South Wales railways, and only being returned when due for maintenance.
_	The Thai sex industry has become the major focus of campaigns aimed at HIV prevention and treatment due to the perception that prostitution has been responsible for the spread of AIDS.
_	Mann discusses the growing evidence against the perception that Native Americans were not active in transforming their lands.
_	The book counters the perception that the French surrender was inevitable, and recounts the chain of events on the political and military fronts that led to the collapse.
_	There are several reasons suggested for a low uptake of nursing by males: stereotypes of nursing, lack of male interest in the profession, low pay, nursing job titles such as Sister and Matron, and the perception that male nurses will have difficulty in the workplace carrying out their duties.
_	A common mondegreen in the song is the perception that, following the title line, Lynne shouts "Bruce!".
_	Author and expatriate William Russell Melton described that criticism for the United States largely originates from the perception that the U.S. wants to act as a "world policeman."
_	Between 2003 and 2004, Shiite dissatisfaction with the occupation, especially among the urban poor, had been gradually increasing for some of the same reasons it had been among the Sunnis: the perception that the Coalition had failed to deliver on its promises and a nationalist dissatisfaction with foreign occupation.
_	There was therefore the perception that his was a Kikuyu presidency.
_	This alternative is the escalation operative, as the decision is made due to the perception that there are no other available options.
_	Jugni is still under the perception that she is going to get married.
_	Expert power is based on the perception that the persuading agent has special knowledge that can be provided to the target of the influence.
_	This may correspond to the perception that society is negative toward the Christian faith.
_	This has been used for example to target Nigerian IP addresses due to the perception that all business originating from the country is fraudulent, thus making it extremely difficult for legitimate businesses based in the country to interact with their counterparts in the rest of the world.
_	The BCS was criticized for the perception that the risk of both, or either, team defeating a "power conference" team was too great, and that the BCS had TCU and BSU face each other so that the damage of their participation would be minimized.
_	United States Forces Korea have also been referred to as a tripwire force due to the perception that they are too diminutive to singularly repel an attack by the Korean People's Army.
_	The delay of an outcome results in the perception that the outcome is less valuable than an outcome which is more readily achieved.
_	A further aim of the tournament has been to remove the perception that the game was played almost exclusively by members of the Pashto tribe in the East of the country.
_	Its popularity led to the perception that by Lawrence Alma-Tadema depicted the meeting of Antony and Cleopatra on her pleasure barge in Tarsus, although Alma-Tadema revealed in a private letter that it depicts a subsequent meeting of theirs in Alexandria.
_	Supporters claim this is more effective than direct evangelism because of the perception that it is harder to live "righteously" than to preach a sermon.
_	Sovani suggested that claims of overurbanization in underdeveloped countries stemmed from the perception that rapid urbanization had negative consequences.
_	Indeed, the perception that Japan enjoyed a broad and enduring competitive advantage from a substantially lower cost of capital was a motivating factor in establishing the Board and became the subject of its first conference and report.
_	In this condition, the existence of anti-Semitism can be considered negligible because the traditional Jewish prejudice often stemmed from the perception that the Jews controlled the economic, political and social spheres of a specific European society.
_	Myers, at tall and weighing , is aware of the perception that women lack the upper body strength for 600-class motorcycles with minimum weights of , says that, "it's more of a mental game."
_	Between 1994 and 2000, the espantoon was banned by commissioner Thomas Frazier in favor of the koga stick due to the perception that its twirling intimidated the citizenry.
_	However, in the early 1990s, ratings went from excellent to mediocre; part of the reason was the perception that WSSH was still an elevator music station.
_	The appeal to customers of the loan offered directly in branches is the often long-standing relationship that a customer may have with the institution, the appearance of trustworthiness this type of institution has, and the perception that holding a larger portfolio of products with a single organization may lead to better terms.
_	Critics, such as the Drug Free America Foundation, have criticized heroin assisted treatment along with other harm reduction strategies for allegedly creating the perception that certain behaviors can be partaken safely, such as illicit drug use, claiming that this may lead to an increase in that behavior by people who would otherwise be deterred.
_	CMC promoted itself as avoiding sexually and violently explicit music videos to capitalize on the perception that MTV actually played those types of videos.
_	People in the province welcomed Abdullah's succession because of the perception that he would follow Sulayman's model, which had been generally positive for both the inhabitants and local leaders.
_	AllMusic awarded the album 2 stars with its review by Jim Newsome stating: "The unfortunate title of this album fed into the perception that jazz great Herbie Mann would jump onto any musical trend for a buck.
_	The Green Party proposed that migration should be capped to 1 per cent of population growth, but later abandoned that policy due to the perception that the Greens were pandering to anti-immigrant rhetoric.
_	"My Number One Doctor", a 2007 episode of the television show "Scrubs", played on the perception that Wikipedia is an unreliable reference tool with a scene in which Dr. Perry Cox reacts to a patient who says that a Wikipedia article indicates that the raw food diet reverses the effects of bone cancer by retorting that the same editor who wrote that article also wrote the "Battlestar Galactica" episode guide.
_	According to Holdford and Lovelace-Elmore (2001, p. 8), Vroom asserts, "intensity of work effort depends on the perception that an individual's effort will result in a desired outcome".
_	In an "Ann Arbor News" article in 1987, Michael Solon, the station's general manager at the time of the rock format's launch, credited WLLZ's success to the perception that the station featured less chatter and took a more mass-appeal, hit-oriented approach to its music than competing stations:
_	Limited research has been conducted regarding motivations for practicing the fainting game, although thrill-seeking has been identified as a risk factor, as has the perception that it is a low-risk activity.
_	The name of the term is a shibboleth: the phrase ""dos shabesdike loshn"" (in standard Yiddish) means "Sabbath speech", hinting at the perception that this feature is substandard.
_	The inordinate delay in releasing the results and the technical failure of some safeguards and election equipment deployed by the IEBC did not help the perception that the election had been less than free and fair.
_	One of the biggest challenges many Asian companies face as they globalise is the perception that Asian brands are inferior.
_	Shortly after beginning his new job DeVegvar began a new "Greka Green" campaign to counter the perception that the company was environmentally careless.
_	The group initiated a multi-agency study under the perception that a high density of gangs were operating in the area of interest or the city of Boston.
_	Her aim is to contrast the perception that diversity is an inherently Northern urban phenomenon by documenting three waves of Arab immigration to America which began as early as the 1880s.
_	LGBT themes and characters were historically omitted intentionally from the content of comic strips and comic books, due to either censorship or the perception that comics were for children.
_	The Conservatives' announcements played to Harper's strengths as a policy wonk, as opposed to the 2004 election and summer 2005 where he tried to overcome the perception that he was cool and aloof.
_	Responding to the perception that REDi is a boy band, Blackwell also stated, "We are not.
_	During the 2004 American presidential election, Albert attempted to counter the perception that George W. Bush received support from less intelligent American voters.
_	The concerns include cost (an estimated 890 million Euros), the possibility that vibrations would damage the historic buildings in Vilnius Old Town, and the perception that streets would be closed.
_	There was opposition to this, with the perception that the Chinese team were being given preferential treatment to compete in the Hong Kong Premier League ahead of local Hong Kong clubs.
_	His decision appears to have been motivated by two factors; the first being the perception that moving the army over water via Lake George would require a retrograde movement that could be perceived as a retreat, and the second being the influence of Philip Skene, whose property would benefit by the improved road Burgoyne would have to build.
_	Criticism has been focused on their translation's excessive literalness and the perception that they miss the original tone of the authors.
_	This can be attributed to the stigma with which mental illness is likely to be regarded, as well as the perception that mental illness will interfere with work duties.
_	Duncan Smith's leadership was damaged by his lack of support among many of his MPs and the perception that he was a weak, un-charismatic leader.
_	In countries where the Reformation was successful, this often lay in the perception that Catholics retained allegiance to a 'foreign' power (the Papacy or the Vatican), causing them to be regarded with suspicion.
_	Critics, such as Drug Free America Foundation and other members of network "International Task Force on Strategic Drug Policy", state that a risk posed by harm reduction is by creating the perception that certain behaviours can be partaken of safely, such as illicit drug use, that it may lead to an increase in that behaviour by people who would otherwise be deterred.
_	This is associated with the perception that assistants are usually female and often dressed in revealing costumes.
_	Accordingly, there was the perception that the move was a marketing tactic by ESPN, attempting to get more people and cable providers to carry and subscribe to ESPNU.
_	In response to the perception that a growing share of fuel consumption and emissions are attributable to these vehicles, the Environmental Protection Agency ruled that by the model year 2009, emissions from all light trucks and passenger cars will be regulated equally.
_	The First Lady had long been irritated by the perception that the White House and access to the President and First Lady were exclusively for the wealthy and famous; she would routinely come down from the family quarters to greet tourists, shake hands, sign autographs, and pose for photos.
_	The result is the perception that his work is very sincere.
_	Act of 2007" which elaborates on the rationale and purpose of the bill and includes a "Myth vs. Fact" section offering rebuttals to the perception that the bill would "criminalize constitutionally-protected behavior" or "lead to Internet censorship".
_	There is growing resentment towards the country's leaders due to the perception that they are not troubled by the food security turmoil faced by ordinary citizens: in a speech delivered by Zhu Yonglan (祝詠蘭), Director of the State Council Central Government Offices Special Food Supply Centre (CGOSFSC) in August 2008, Zhu disclosed that her firm had been set up in 2004 to source high-quality, all-organic foodstuffs from farms working under the strictest guidelines, for supply to top political leaders, their families and retired cadres.
_	People can be immunized against the perception that events are uncontrollable by increasing their awareness of previous experiences, when they were able to affect a desired outcome.
_	The acquisition of the franchise meant that construction of the new arena could begin, but many were troubled by the perception that they would be receiving hockey that was inferior to the major junior WHL.
_	Originally known as the Alumnae Gymnasium, the building was erected as a response to the perception that Vassar's physical education program was falling behind those of other Seven Sisters colleges.
_	The Commission covered many facets of immigration policy, but started from the perception that the "credibility of immigration policy can be measured by a simple yardstick: people who should get in, do get in; people who should not get in, are kept out; and people who are judged deportable are required to leave".
_	However, due to the perception that West Coast football was inferior to the game played on the East Coast anyway, East Coast and Midwest teams shrugged off the loss of the teams and continued playing American football.
_	This case contributed to the perception that patent caveats were potential leaks of valuable inventions to other applicants with friends in the Patent Office, without providing a solid legal recourse when confidentiality of the caveat was so abused.
_	There is a view, to which he himself subscribes, that after 1990 his career suffered from the perception that he had been too close to the political establishment in East Germany.
_	The slowing global economy, falling exports, and the perception that corporate and financial reforms had stalled caused growth to fall back to 3.8% in 2001
_	In response to the perception that Tony's introduction had created "a minefield of sexual politics", Fawcett said that that had not been the writers' intention; rather, their aim was to "just throw this character in there and treat them like a normal human being like we would anyone else on the show".
_	Radnitz had been advised not to turn "Sounder" into a movie because of the perception that theatergoers would not want to see the film.
_	A July article in the organization's magazine criticized Gage for continuing to intimate that he has an association with them and claimed there were no architects at an Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth screening held in an American Institute of Architects boardroom The Royal Institute of British Architects released a statement saying the perception that the group endorses events held in its buildings is "regrettable", and said they would review policy on "private hire" of its buildings.
_	His campaign was harmed by his views during the primaries (which alienated many powerful Democrats), the perception that his foreign policy was too extreme, and the Eagleton debacle.
_	A part of the decision included the perception that long-term capabilities of North American gas fields due to hydraulic fracturing technologies and increasing Russian export capabilities may adversely affect the profitability of the venture due to competition.
_	The executive director of the South African Free Market Foundation, Leon Louw, has also written an article questioning the perception that the town is a refuge for racial bigots.
_	He continued his advance only after his subordinate Wei Yuanzhong warned him that continuing to halt will cause the perception that the rebellion was a more serious threat than it was—and pointed out that Empress Dowager Wu might send another general to replace him.
_	He argues that there is no factual support for this position because not only do regulations seldom if ever go beyond treating animals as economic commodities with only extrinsic value, but the perception that regulation has improved the "humane" treatment of animals may very well facilitate continued and increased exploitation by making the public feel more comfortable about its consumption of animal products.
_	His private and professional travails coupled with the perception that he had been scapegoated by the political establishment made him a sympathetic figure among his fellow officers.
_	"If I Did It" ignited a storm of pre-publication controversy, largely due to the perception that Simpson was trying to profit from the two deaths for which his civil suit verdict had found him liable.
_	An analysis by the government of Tamil Nadu states that a major underlying cause of violence against women is the perception that married women are the property of their husbands.
_	The fact that the recommendations, if implemented, would leave the college without full-time professors in Philosophy, Ethics, American Literature, Theater, and French, led students to protest the cuts and created a concern about the perception that it may no longer be a liberal arts college after such measures.
_	The truck ban is a scheme meant to address the perception that freight vehicles are the main culprits in congesting Metro Manila roads.
_	Cugler's literary work was traditionally ignored at home and abroad, a fact which Florin Manolescu attributes to the perception that he was merely "a dabbler".
_	Although Dobson won the nomination, his candidature was harmed by the perception that the contest was "fixed" by the use of an electoral college.
_	Because of the perception that "Fritz the Cat" was pornographic, Krantz attempted to appeal the film's rating, but the MPAA refused to hear the appeal.
_	The case became a source of controversy and media attention, with the perception that Frost had not even tried to protect McEwen and that Osborne was coddling a star player by not kicking Phillips off the team permanently.
_	Many commercial enterprises would consider themselves to have social objectives, but commitment to these objectives is motivated by the perception that such commitment will ultimately make the enterprise more financially valuable.
_	However, student per capita spending is lower at CSU, and that, together with the lack of a research mission or independent doctoral programs under the California Master Plan, has led some in American higher education to develop the perception that the CSU system is less prestigious than the UC system.
_	In psychology, zero-sum thinking refers to the perception that a situation is like a zero-sum game, where one person's gain is another's loss.
_	A TNS Sofres poll in October 2011 indicated that 72% of the French public had the perception that politicians are corrupt.
_	British Prime Minister Winston Churchill was concerned that, given the enormous size of Soviet forces deployed in Europe at the end of the war, and the perception that Soviet leader Joseph Stalin was unreliable, there existed a Soviet threat to Western Europe.
_	Public reaction amid the perception that Pauley was being cast aside for a younger woman was swift and consequential.
_	"Virtual memory" provides the programmer or the user with the perception that there is a much larger amount of RAM in the computer than is really there.
_	Although many Liberals had contributed to the creation of the "monstrous coalition" (which had toppled Alexandru Ioan Cuza on February 22 (February 11 O.S.), 1866), the deep resentment of Carol's politics, added to the perception that he had remained a foreigner linked to Prussia, had initially led to republican projects advocated by both the most left-wing Liberal faction (the "Reds", led by C. A. Rosetti) and the Liberal leader Ion Brătianu, and ultimately led to ""coup d'état" plans".
_	When he applied to rejoin the CCF in 1948 his membership application was rejected, though no reason was given it is almost certain it was rejected due to the perception that Endicott's association with Communism.
_	General governmental and police inertia had contributed to the perception that State institutions cannot provide protection, and that citizens must be accountable for their own safety.
_	Though Hubbard promoted women's employment and never married, she often fought against the perception that employment would make women less likely to marry.
_	The compositional distribution of team members on any social or psychological attribute that potentially leads to the perception that team members differ from one another, are typically driven by how members process information, such as a diverse set of knowledge, skills, and abilities to solve complex problems.
_	By presenting an unyielding demand, the Arab states force Israel to "yield to blackmail due to the perception that it will leave the negotiating room with nothing if it is inflexible".
_	Bronfenbrenner claims that the federal government in the 1980s was largely responsible for giving employers the perception that they could engage in aggressive strategies to repress the formation of unions.
_	After the event, they may have the perception that they performed unsatisfactorily.
_	The track was part of a wave of anti-war songs by popular artists in response to US action in Iraq and Afghanistan, revelations about the mistreatment of prisoners in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay, and the perception that domestic needs were being neglected due to the costs of war.
_	For example, she argued in 1997 that the perception that "women can do it all" -- in the sense of having both a career and a family -- that this perception caused problems, since fathers reluctant to pitch in with household chores could use that perception as an excuse for them not to work, and fathers who wanted to help out with housework were often not accepted by society.
_	The proposal for creation of the territory was controversial in part because of the perception that the New Mexico Territory was under the influence of southern sympathizers who were highly desirous of expanding slavery into the southwest.
_	The defeat of the Russian Eastern Detachment removed the perception that the Japanese would be an easy enemy, that the war would be short, and that Russia would be the overwhelming victor.
_	The failure of Sirleaf to deal with this issue has led to “the perception that the president lacks the will to address the problem,” they said.
_	Norris and Wirtz formed the International Boxing Club of Illinois to discourage the perception that the IBC monopolized boxing.
_	William Raspberry disagreed with Mondale's self-assessment, arguing that "What cost Mondale was the perception that Reagan, while perhaps on the wrong side of a number of specific issues, generally stood for what most Americans stood for, while Mondale, though often on the right side of the specifics, didn't really stand for anything at all."
_	Insurance premiums on thatched houses are higher than average in part because of the perception that thatched roofs are a fire hazard, but also because a thatch fire can cause extensive smoke damage and a thatched roof is more expensive to replace than a standard tiled or slate roof.
_	Since most women were involved in trade of manufactured goods or foodstuffs and predominated in the markets across Yorubaland, Yoruba and European men shared the perception that women often had money."
_	This added administrative duties to his coordinator responsibilities and increased the perception that Fontes was being groomed to succeed McKay.
_	The emergence of the JIJK as a serious oppositional force to the National Conference reflected increasing alienation of common Kashmiris from the National Conference due to its autocratism and the perception that it had collaborated with India to decrease Kashmir’s autonomy.
_	The term "garage rock", originally used in reference to 1960s acts, stems from the perception that its performers were often young amateurs who rehearsed in the family garage.
_	As reported in the Detroit News of October 30, 2005, former Secretary of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and former Mayor of San Antonio, Texas, Henry Cisneros, stated: "There is the perception that all the rich people live in Grosse Pointe and all the poor people live in Detroit, and Alter Road is the dividing line that not only denotes the physical border, but also a social border."
_	An online reputation is the perception that one generates on the Internet based on their digital footprint.
_	On February 29, 2000, citing Title VII case law, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which covers Alaska, Arizona, California, Idaho, Guam, Hawaii, Montana, Nevada, the Northern Mariana Islands, Oregon and Washington, ruled in favor of a transgender woman's claim of sex discrimination under the "Gender Motivated Violence Act" based on the perception that she was a man who failed to act like one.
_	Historian Richard B. Sherman argues that the group brought negative publicity to Waller's trial from the start by creating the perception that "radical outsiders" were behind his defense.
_	As a result of the Salter Report on road funding, an 'axle weight tax' was introduced in 1933 in order to charge commercial motor vehicles more for the costs of maintaining the road system and to do away with the perception that the free use of roads was subsidising the competitors of rail freight.
_	Idi Amin chose to expel all Ugandan Asians in 1972 because of the perception that they were responsible for the country's economic stagnation.
_	The creator of "JAG", Donald P. Bellisario, served for four years in the U.S. Marine Corps, and after having worked his way up through advertising jobs, he landed his first network television job as a story editor for the World War II-era series "Baa Baa Black Sheep", where he got a habit of promoting a consistent promilitary stance in a business where he got the perception that "antiwar" and "antisoldier" mentality were the commonplace.
_	Categorization of people into social groups increases the perception that group members are similar to one another.
_	Merseytravel recommended that the line should be referred to as the "Mersey Dee Link" to counter the perception that "the project benefits fall to Halton and Halton alone".
_	Moreover, the effectiveness of the NCMP scheme is limited by the perception that the NCMP is obliged to be adversarial by virtue of being party to the opposition.
_	Although India obtained substantial Soviet military and economic aid, which helped to strengthen the nation, India's influence was undercut regionally and internationally by the perception that its friendship with the Soviet Union prevented a more forthright condemnation of the Soviet presence in Afghanistan.
_	The physical isolation of farms, and the perception that farmers have cash (for the payment of wages) and weapons onsite have been described by police as a possible motivation for criminal attacks on farms.
_	This has not erased the perception that the integrity of their industry and the ecosystems that they are dependent upon are at risk by the gradual introduction of GEOs.
_	According to the "Los Angeles Times", Rosales stated that Chávez was vulnerable on his "massive foreign aid programs, government-approved takeovers of land and buildings, and the perception that crime is increasing".
_	Weiner was responsible for changing the perception that there were no Jewish ancestral documents available after The Holocaust.
_	This can give the perception that the racket produces shots with more power, although this is complicated by the typically slower stroke production.
_	Her lively afternoon radio shows were markedly different from other placid shows in the same time-band and changed the perception that noon shows were supposed to be calm and mild.
_	A problem with this vaccine was the perception that to be adequately protected; a child had to get three Salk shots, properly spaced, and a recommended booster shot once a year, which was expensive.
_	The loss of information about Native American individuals added to the perception that the tribes and people had faded away.
_	As early as 1941, reports on the capabilities of Japanese fighter aircraft fuelled the perception that the Wirraway would be incapable of effectively engaging such aircraft; however, the type was judged to possess some merits in combat despite being considered to be obsolete.
_	The demise of scheduled service for Nations Air occurred after the Valujet crash in the Florida Everglades created a huge backlash against small start-up carriers and the perception that they were unsafe from a standpoint of maintenance and training.
_	In some amusement parks – Disney Parks being a prime example – queue areas can be elaborately decorated, with holding areas fostering anticipation, thus shortening the perceived wait for people in the queue by giving them something interesting to look at as they wait, or the perception that they have arrived at the threshold of the attraction.
_	In addition to weather forecasts, a celebrity interview was usually aired during the program, in a manner similar to those featured on "Today"; this has led to criticism from some viewers on the perception that "Wake Up with Al" focused more on entertainment than providing weather forecasts.
_	In addition, the lingua franca of the government was Malay, associated with Muslims, as were government civil servants, creating the perception that Islam was the religion of modernity and progress.
_	His hard line with Williams created the perception that Culverhouse was more concerned with profits than with putting a winning team on the field.
_	During that time, Ivica Račan and the Social Democratic Party tried to get rid of the perception that they were the successor party of the League of Communists.
_	Thus, the perception that all industry has left the United States is due to shifting patterns in the geography and political geography of production, away from metropolitan centers (such as New York, Boston, Chicago, Oakland, toward more "rural" areas (such as Georgia or New Hampshire or Utah).
_	In August 1982, McQuirter was charged with conspiracy to murder another Klansman, Gary MacFarlane because of his abuse of his partner and the perception that he was a security risk to the Klan.
_	Although India obtained substantial Soviet military and economic aid, which helped to strengthen the nation, India's influence was undercut regionally and internationally by the perception that its friendship with the Soviet Union prevented a more forthright condemnation of the Soviet presence in Afghanistan.
_	At that time, she had the perception that only in America could a woman be free.
_	While they were technically powerful computers, the Power Mac series suffered from the perception that they were slower than their Intel-based counterparts because their PowerPC CPUs listed slower clock speeds.
_	Despite the perception that Hyves mostly had young members, the target group ages faster than it rejuvenates.
_	Resistance to the ENEM among some top public universities comes mostly from the perception that the national federal exam is less selective/rigorous than the older independent Vestibular.
_	Eager to capitalize on Sakuraba's shoot wrestling prowess to reverse the perception that Japanese professional wrestlers were inferior to Brazilian combatants (in part perpetuated by his teammates' own defeats), Sakuraba's next three bouts were scheduled against Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belts Vitor Belfort, Allan Goes and luta livre black belt Ebenezer Fontes Braga.
_	The Evian accords guaranteed the religious and property rights of French settlers, but the perception that they would not be respected led to the exodus of one million "pieds-noirs" and "harkis".
_	This was due the perception that the club was representative of the ethnically-Russian minority in Estonia, and indeed many of the squad were Russian and ineligible under FIFA rules to represent Estonia.
_	After the release of "The Deer Hunter" and "Apocalypse Now", the studios then cited the perception that these films were considered the pinnacle of the Vietnam War film genre as reasons not to make "The Platoon".
_	Silja Line/Tallink AB are a phone service based office, taking advantage of the perception that the northern accent is pleasant to listen to over the phone, not to mention that the salaries up north are lower than in the south of Sweden.
_	The chiefs of staff were concerned that given the enormous size of Soviet forces deployed in Europe at the end of the war, and the perception that the Soviet leader Joseph Stalin was unreliable, there existed a Soviet threat to Western Europe.
_	The comic results from the perception that they are not.
_	Despite the perception that ballet boots are only used for sexual purposes, they have been shown in pop culture and in the fashion industry.
_	One commentator attributed this drop to a number of factors, such as the failure of higher education programs to explain how engineering can improve others' lives, a lack of awareness of what engineers do, and discomfort of being in a male-dominated environment and the perception that women must adapt to fit in.
_	In 2000 Lord and her husband, responding to the perception that she was being spiritually directed to do so, built Holy Family Mission in Morrilton, Arkansas.
_	In 1997, noting the perception that the status debate was not advancing within the PPD, he proposed the creation of a new party, "Partido por la Libre Asociación" (lit. "Party for Free Association"), to directly promote free association.
_	To counter the perception that it no longer wanted to handle employment services for long term unemployed clients, EAA officers worked in existing CES Offices in the majority of cases.
_	Interest in the Nakba by organizations representing refugees in Lebanon surged in the 1990s due to the perception that the refugees' right of return might be negotiated away in exchange for Palestinian statehood, and the desire was to send a clear message to the international community that this right was non-negotiable.
_	This revelation, along with Hazama's goading, leads her to hate Noel due to the perception that she took everything from her, though Hazama intentionally did not tell her that she died in the previous timelines.
_	It was passed largely in response to the rebellion and was underpinned by the perception that the rebellion was provoked by the brutish misrule of the Ascendancy as much as the efforts of the United Irishmen.
_	The Woodlawn Organization coalesced around the perception that the University would pursue a land use policy in Woodlawn as it did in Hyde Park, and it has its roots in the pastors' Alliance of Woodlawn.
_	Although Lincoln had intended to do so earlier, he was advised by his Cabinet to make this announcement after a Union victory to avoid the perception that it was issued out of desperation.
_	This transformation of the mountain of Texcotzingo into art, and the perception that the mountain itself was art, in that it held special significance (mythical or otherwise) in pre-Columbian culture, classifies Texcotzingo as an earthwork.
_	The dauphine was regarded a "pathetic" figure at the court of France, isolated and unappreciated due to the perception that she was dull, unattractive and sickly.
_	Comics had little cultural capital and few American cartoonists had challenged the perception that the medium was inherently incapable of mature artistic expression.
_	The disparity in fair chance of acquiring initial wealth, on top of pre-existing differences in non fiscal sustenance like differing qualities of education, inherited work ethic, and valuable connections, causes resentment and the perception that hard work is of diminished importance, when some, due to bad luck will struggle to afford the basics of living even at maximum effort, while others may never need to work, and even present this lifestyle as ideal..
_	As feedback is presented, the clinician or program provider may foster the development of discrepancies between the perception that someone has of themselves and the reality of that person's situation.
_	If others are observed to successfully perform threatening activities, then self-efficacy is expected to increase because the social comparison will reinforce the perception that the behavior can be achieved through effort.
_	Many of the arguments dealing with this matter, though, center on the perception that if part of the work is high quality, it must have been written by Mozart (or from sketches), and if part of the work contains errors and faults, it must have been all Süssmayr's doing.
_	These interactions have consequences that change the perception that different groups of people have on these constructs.
_	Consumers Distributing was plagued by the perception that items were frequently out of stock due to the catalogue shopping nature of the store.
_	Eventually, after a series of selectively interpreted “signs,” and based on the perception that the Convent is corrupting the town with its amorality and purported witchcraft, Sergeant Person, Wisdom Poole, Arnold and Jeff Fleetwood, Harper and Menus Jury, Steward and Deacon Morgan, and K.D. Smith decide during a meeting at the Oven to destroy the Convent.
_	For example, nativism was at least partially motivated by the perception that statistical inferences made from experience were insufficient to account for the complex languages humans develop.
_	As a response to the perception that JAR pilot licensing standards are excessively bureaucratic and expensive for the purposes of recreational pilots, the National Private Pilot Licence (NPPL) was introduced in 2002.
_	Fan response to the new body design was positive, as the perception that the race cars in the Cup Series "are cars that I would be interested in buying" increased from 49 percent to 76 percent.
_	In an open market, the perception that a devaluation is imminent may lead speculators to sell the currency in exchange for the country's foreign reserves, increasing pressure on the issuing country to make an actual devaluation.
_	However, by 1990, there was growing dissatisfaction with the demands for austerity imposed by the IMF's economic reform programs and the perception that the president and his close associates were not themselves adhering to those demands.
_	This was a primary grievance cited by the Union during the American Civil War, and the perception that Northern States ignored the fugitive slave law was a major justification for secession.
_	The NFL is mindful of avoiding the perception that any potential London franchise was being established simply to increase the profile and revenue of the league; any team based in London must be competitive and be able to win the Super Bowl.
_	While personal humiliation does not turn out to be a motivation for those attempting to kill civilians, the perception that others with whom one feels a common bond are being humiliated can be a powerful driver for action.
_	According to Range, the song was inspired by the perception that women must expose their body to be noticed.
_	The networks marginalized all of Yeltsin's opponents aside from Zyuganov, helping to create the perception that there were only two viable candidates.
_	Besides the subject matter, other criticisms included the perception that Frazer did not include enough about the fundamentalist Christian cult which featured heavily in promotional material for the book.
_	The owners, desperate to fight the perception that baseball was crooked, readily agreed.
_	The workers' attitudes view mental illness merely as neurosis, reflecting the perception that diseases of the mind do not need to be treated holistically in a communal context.
_	Oxbridge interviews have acquired something of a mythical status in the British media, becoming a source of various humorous anecdotes and urban legends due to the perception that the interviews themselves are bizarre, intimidating and/or frequently involve unusual questions and requests.
_	The editors formally rejected the perception that the publication is a service to only the student body by ratifying a group constitution in February 2005, outlining the objectives of the organization with regard to serving both students and faculty of Brown in a professional manner.
_	According to Leontief Prize winner Duncan K. Foley, the perception that curbing greenhouse gases is "costly" assumes that capitalism is "efficient" without such controls, but if externality costs exist, it means precisely that capitalism is not at all operating at its "efficiency frontier".
_	LGBT themes in comics are a relatively new concept, as lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) themes and characters were historically omitted intentionally from the content of comic books and their comic strip predecessors, due to either censorship or the perception that comics were for children.
_	Between his appointment and the election, Debnam never quite shook the perception that under Brogden or O'Farrell, the party would have performed much better.
_	"Now that that show is just humming and doing amazing business — it’s the #1 bestselling magic show in the world as far as ticket sales and the perception that people are experiencing and coming back to see it multiple times — I felt it was in a great place and I could think about television again.
_	The proposal for creation of the territory was controversial in part because of the perception that the New Mexico Territory was under the influence of southern sympathizers who were highly desirous of expanding slavery into the southwest.
_	He contends that the perception that "tikkun olam" requires leftist politics is based on two myths: (a) conservatives uniformly value self-interest over society and (b) conservatives uniformly are against the rights of women and homosexuals.
_	While the Dark Maiden and the Seldarine are allies, their relationship is a difficult one, because of the division between drow and elves and because of the perception that many elves have of their "dark kin".
_	The reasons for using Ghe to write "h" include the fact that Ghe is used for "h" in Ukrainian, Belarusian and some Russian dialects, along with the perception that Kha sounds too harsh.
_	In 2005 there was a movement of student unrest in response to the perception that criminal groups known as "porros" had been allowed to operate inside the Preparatorias.
_	In particular, he wanted to investigate Denmark's consistently high scores on various happiness indexes, since these figures conflicted with his own observations that "they didn't seem that happy", and also challenge the perception that the Nordic nations as a group are "little jolly green countries in the north".
_	They capitalised on the perception that there were very few quilombos and that it would thus be mainly a symbolic gesture in order to get it into the Constitution.
_	His high school counselor-turned-principal wife, Tami, often grouses about how the lines between football and academics at Dillon High are blurred and the fact that there is the perception that football players can get away with anything.
_	European studies along these lines gave rise to the perception that African women's anatomy, and especially genitalia, resembled those of mandrills, baboons, and monkeys, thus differentiating colonized Africans from what were viewed as the features of the evolutionarily superior, and thus rightfully authoritarian, European woman.
_	Some members of the economic communities do not consider contemporary industrialisation policies as being adequate to the global south (Third World countries) or beneficial in the longer term, with the perception that they may only create inefficient local industries unable to compete in the free-trade dominated political order which industrialisation has fostered.
_	Zoroastrianism has been criticized for the perception that it promotes a patriarchal system, expressed through such avenues as an all-male priesthood and its historical allowance of polygamy—practiced by Zoroaster himself.
_	This has helped to correct the perception that energy efficient models are more expensive.
_	However in February 1976, when it was not on display, the piece drew much criticism in the press because of the perception that taxpayers' money had been spent on paying an inflated price for a collection of bricks.
_	By the 80s Johnson's Baby grew market share in the adult market due to the perception that "baby products are milder than others".
_	The magical emergence of the springs easily lead to the perception that the story is fake or at least exaggerated.
_	Many plaintiffs' lawyers seek to avoid federal courts because of the perception that they are more hostile to plaintiffs than most state courts.
_	In the final scene of the Act, Alan and Kay are left on stage and, as Kay expresses her misery Alan suggests to her that the secret of life is to understand its true reality – that the perception that Time is linear and that we have to grab and take what we can before we die is false.
_	The country's economic indicators were performing well in advance of the result in expectation of a BJP win, on the perception that Modi is business-friendly.
_	Lehmann believed that he had a better chance of international selection, feeling that selectors disregarded batting performances at Adelaide Oval on the perception that it was a flat track.
_	The Kick brand was not successful; this was partially due to the perception that the tagline was part of artificial youth subcultural jargon created by marketing executives.
_	This was to a large part due to the perception that the Labour Government in Britain had "betrayed" Gibraltar by attempting to negotiate a constitutional settlement involving joint sovereignty with Spain.
_	The position on the NPT is explained in terms of "Israeli exceptionality", a term coined by Professor Gerald M. Steinberg, in reference to the perception that the country's small size, overall vulnerability, as well as the history of deep hostility and large-scale attacks by neighboring states, require a deterrent capability.
_	Pat Conroy acknowledged in an interview that the perception that he is “the product of a single landscape is actually false”.
_	Each episode was shot over a span of four days and edited to create the perception that the events of the episode took place in a single day.
_	Users often feel as if time is slowed down, resulting in the perception that "minutes appear to be hours" or "time is standing still".
_	This was a derisive reference to the increasing commercialization of Dalí's work, and the perception that Dalí sought self-aggrandizement through fame and fortune.
_	This campaign was widely criticized in international media due to the perception that it unfairly targets and persecutes Chinese Muslims, potentially resulting in a negative backlash from China's predominantly Muslim Uighur population.
_	On 2 June 1972, Major Philip W. Handley and Lieutenant John J. Smallwood shot down a MiG-19 with a 300-round burst from their M-61A Vulcan Cannon, disproving the perception that American aircrews had lost their dogfighting skills.
_	And I just don't agree with perpetuating the perception that music has no value and should be free."
_	Tobin knew his own position was to be affected and shared the perception that the Irish Army treated former British officers better than former IRA officers.
_	For angel scenes shot at Malibu Beach, though the characters are not physical beings, it was decided that the angels would have briefly visible footprints to avoid the perception that the sand was too hard to leave imprints.
_	The party was, however, left with no influence in the formation of a government; it was shut out in large part due to the perception that it was not "stuerent" (i.e. not acceptable or "housebroken").
_	One form of refutation contends that Moore's attempted proof fails his second criterion for a good proof (i.e. the premises are not demonstrable in the required sense) by pointing out the difference between demonstrating the perception that his hands exist and demonstrating the knowledge that his hands exist.
_	Post-growth is a global futures approach to the limits-to-growth dilemma — the perception that, on a planet of finite resources, economies and populations cannot grow infinitely.
_	Legitimate power is based on the perception that the persuading agent has the right, such as through a specific role or position, to influence and obtain compliance from the target of the influence.
_	Hence, the bias leveled against women stems from the perception that femininity inherently produces weak leadership.
_	Stark contrasts of light and dark accentuate the perception that the figure leans forward, out of the deep shadows of the background and into the lighter realm of the viewer's own space...
_	Military spokespersons said that the Bibles could be used for proselytization of Muslims (or contribute to the perception that United States troops were engaged in proselytization), actions which are strictly against United States policy for deployed troops.
_	It gives young men and women the perception that every women should act like this.
_	The Sakker El Dekkene initiative was launched due to the perception that corruption in Lebanon is simply a way of life.
_	Fernandez received some criticism due to the perception that a recent change to Klout's score algorithm included a design that punishes users by reducing their Klout scores if they speak to people with "low influence."
_	Hillage explained "I did have mixed feelings about the perception that surrounded my music," adding that "I must admit I never liked the term 'progressive rock'.
_	["For many years there was the perception that "Standpunte" held a southern literary viewpoint and that "Tydskrif" held a northern literary viewpoint.
_	Anything you do say may be given in evidence""; this may strengthen the perception that the RSPCA has statutory powers.
_	In his book "Eight Ways to Run the Country: A New and Revealing Look at the Left and the Right", Brian Patrick Mitchell gives three reasons for the perception that the chart has a libertarian bias.
_	At Fraser's urging, she joined the school, where she was persuaded to change her name from Patsy to avoid the perception that she might be attempting to "cash in" on the popularity of Patti Boyd, a top model who Fraser thought Kerrigan strongly resembled.
_	Political debate surrounding the separation of church and state previously revolved around the perception that if left unchecked, the Church might turn into a kind of State within a State, an illegitimate outgrowth of the State's natural civil power.
_	Most of the riding's immigrant Jewish population voted for Rose, who benefitted from the perception that the Soviet Union was the main hope for saving Europe's Jews from Hitler; his main rival, Paul Massé, of the anti-war Bloc Populaire, who came second, was supported by the French Canadian population of the constituency.
_	Werther effect, i.e. the perception that suicidal media content influences others which, in turn, can concurrently or additionally influence one person's own future thoughts and behaviors.
_	She describes the role of satirical television within the cultural realm in Greece and how this form of television engrains the perception that Greek political institutions are corrupt, thus negatively influencing the public's overall opinion of politics in Greece.
_	Spokesman Greg Hayman said the idea was part of a bid to correct the perception that Cambridge was "not for young people from ordinary backgrounds."
_	The behaviour of its members (particularly Tuku Morgan) had been criticised even before the splintering of New Zealand First, and the perception that these MPs had "betrayed" their former party was strong.
_	Many traditional Chinese martial artists, as well as practitioners of modern sport combat, have become critical of the perception that forms work is more relevant to the art than sparring and drill application, while most continue to see traditional forms practice within the traditional context—as vital to both proper combat execution, the Shaolin aesthetic as art form, as well as upholding the meditative function of the physical art form.
_	Soon after posts on social media, this ban got national attention, mostly due to the perception that this policy was an attack on the American flag itself.
_	The intent of these efforts was to create a school "not only for general purposes of science and literature, but with a particular view of furnishing with an education young men designed for the ministry of reconciliation", due to the perception that other Christian schools that dominated the state were "hostile to the doctrine" of Universalism.
_	A secondary issue that disturbed the Southerners was the perception that the American Baptist Home Mission Society did not appoint a proportionate number of missionaries to the southern region of the United States.
_	Furthermore, Hansell was soon prohibited from flying combat missions with his command, possibly because of limited knowledge of the atomic bomb or the perception that he knew the existence of Ultra.
_	Garage rock was a form of amateurish rock music, particularly prevalent in North America in the mid-1960s and so called because of the perception that it was rehearsed in a suburban family garage.
_	In addition to the damage done to its reputation by devaluation, Wilson's Government suffered from the perception that its response to industrial relations problems was inadequate.
_	He iterated that his objection was based on the perception that this sort of exchange encourages the kidnapping of soldiers and civilians, strengthens the terrorist infrastructure in the long term, and weakens Israel's deterrence capabilities.
_	Other derogatory terms, such as "chancla" or "chanclera" and "tortillera", denote the perception that "real" sex cannot happen in the absence of a penis.
_	Writing of French syndicalism in "The revolutionary internationals, 1864-1943", Milorad M. Drachkovitch offered the perception that,
_	He was critical of Khrushchev's reversal of Stalinist policies and alarmed by the uprisings that had taken place in East Germany, Poland and Hungary, and the perception that the USSR was seeking "peaceful coexistence" with the Western powers.
_	Growth fell back to 3.3% in 2001 because of the slowing global economy, falling exports, and the perception that much-needed corporate and financial reforms have stalled.
_	In December 1944, five months after the Liberation of Paris, he was contributing to "L'Éternelle Revue", a pro-communist newspaper edited by philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre, through which Sartre was publicizing the heroic image of a France united in resistance, as opposed to the perception that it had passively accepted German control.
_	This event attracted nationwide attention, mainly due to the perception that the assailants had been given special treatment by the school and local authorities due to their status as local football stars.
_	Art Davie, in his 2014 book "Is This Legal?", an account of the creation of the first UFC event, disputes the perception that the UFC was seen by WOW Promotions and SEG as a one-off, since SEG offered a five-year joint development deal to WOW.
_	The general election race became the third most expensive statewide race in South Carolina in 2010, and one of the higher profile, in part because the perception that the outcome could be as close as it had been in 2006.
_	The UNODC suggests that different negotiations on the issue, in Havana and other settings, are generating incentives for increased coca cultivation because of the perception that the benefits of development projects would mainly be directed at coca cultivators.
_	This was all intended to avert the perception that HUAC's purpose was to discredit the loyalty of officials in the Roosevelt and Truman administrations.
_	The 1928 Okeechobee Hurricane only slightly damaged Fort Lauderdale, but the enormous death toll contributed to the perception that Florida was not the paradise that had been promoted by developers.
_	Starting in the year 2002 and continuing into 2003, the clinic as part of a national study helped to discover a large increase in gonorrhea and syphilis cases amongst gay and bisexual men that was attributed to the perception that HIV treatments had greatly improved making the condition less life-threatening.
_	The owners had a number of grievances against Vincent, especially the perception that he had been too favorable to the players during the lockout of .
_	The decision to turn certain customers away at the door because of too casual clothing (face control) is for example often based on the perception that the person will be more willing to fight (compared to someone dressed in expensive attire).
_	The authors said that the perception that AI182 was not a "Canadian tragedy" prompted them to write the book.
_	Despite the declines, Dinkins was hurt by the perception that crime was out of control during his administration.
_	The mostly uncoordinated insurgency, often referred to as the Sha'aban Intifada among Arabs and as the National Uprising among Kurds, was fueled by the perception that then Iraqi President Saddam Hussein was responsible for systemic social repression and had become vulnerable to regime change.
_	Obstacles such as high expectations and an increased potential for injury hindered the perception that mobile quarterbacks would become the dominant breed of the position.
_	Prabowo wanted more time before he and Muchdi would be transferred to non-combat positions, to create the perception that it was a normal military rotation, but Wiranto insisted on the changes being made immediately.
_	He stated that Chávez was vulnerable on his "massive foreign aid programs, government-approved takeovers of land and buildings, and the perception that crime is increasing".
_	In countries where the Reformation was successful, this often lay in the perception that Catholics retained allegiance to a 'foreign' power (the Papacy), causing them to be regarded with suspicion.
_	This conclusion is often due to the perception that the reason for the artist changing artistic style or direction was simply potential material gain.
_	Although the album hit the Top 15 in the UK, many early fans were turned off by the perception that the band was trying too hard to appeal to American audiences by recording songs such as "Hello America" and touring more in the US (supporting Pat Travers, AC/DC, and Ted Nugent).
_	The out-group homogeneity effect is the perception that members of an out-group are more similar (homogenous) than members of the in-group.
_	Zubizarreta has the perception that stories are the projection of the inner world of the human being and poses transcendental themes to children while giving them clues how to face them.
_	Karen Franklin, in her paper "Psychosocial motivations of hate crimes perpetrators" identifies the following motivations for bashing: socially instilled prejudice or partisan conflict; the perception that the bashing subject is in some way contrary to, or in offense to, an underlying ideology; group or peer influence.
_	Contrary to the perception that sunfish spend much of their time basking at the surface, "M. mola" adults actually spend a large portion of their lives actively hunting at depths greater than , occupying both the epipelagic and mesopelagic zones.
_	A skylight directed at the canvas heightened the perception that the painting was illuminated from within, as did the dark fabrics draped on the studio walls to absorb light.
_	In general, low turnout is attributed to disillusionment, indifference, or a sense of futility (the perception that one's vote won't make any difference).
_	Reaction to the influx of Lithuanian players amongst Hearts supporters was mixed, with several being booed for perceived poor performance and the perception that they received preferential treatment.
_	Similarly, maps illustrating rocket positions used a polar azimuth projection with the North Pole at its center, which gave the map reader the perception that there existed a relatively small distance between the countries on opposing sides of the Cold War.
_	Length time bias is often discussed in the context of the benefits of cancer screening, and it can lead to the perception that screening leads to better outcomes when in reality it has no effect.
_	Although his district was expected to become more friendly to Democrats in redistricting, the defeat of Higgins' protege, Chris Fahey, to Republican-backed Democrat Michael P. Kearns in a New York State Assembly race led to the perception that Higgins may have been more vulnerable than previously believed.
_	He was the second most senior cardinal-elector in order of precedence among the cardinal-electors who participated in the 2013 conclave that elected Pope Francis, after the presiding cardinal Giovanni Battista Re. Cardinal Bertone himself was seen as a contender to succeed to the papacy, although his chances as a "papabile" were thought diminished by the perception that he was a "potential scandal in the making".
_	These studies also support the finding that longer ISIs create the perception that the elements are all moving as one from left to right, known as group motion and that these percepts are not capable of occurring simultaneously.
_	After Clark's first term, the privations of the hard times combined with the perception that the policies of the Whig administration favored the rich made Clark profoundly unpopular among a part of the poorer majority.
_	In April 2017, following an April Fools' Day stunt where the Kodi website was taken down and replaced with a fake domain seizure notice, Kodi's developers stated that they were considering working with legal third-party content providers to officially support their services within Kodi, to counter the perception that the software is primarily used for piracy.
_	The idea that "you are what you eat", related to superstitions about sympathetic magic and common in many cultures, may create the perception that eating meat confers animal-like personality attributes.
_	The killing has been described as a major factor in causing the Malayan population to roundly reject the MNLA campaign, and also as leading to widespread fear due to the perception that "if even the High Commissioner was no longer safe, there was little hope of protection and safety for the man-in-the-street in Malaya."
_	Though these accusations never rose to the level of formal charges, they helped create the perception that Bilbo was profligate and dishonest.
_	The company did state its true location on its websites, but not "clearly and conspicuously" enough to offset the perception that they were British, the FTC later said.
_	Wade Keller of Pro Wrestling Torch called the main event "solid ... but not must-see or epic by any means", adding that it "didn't do anything to change the perception that Cody is good for a solid three-star-and-change type of match, but not much better".
_	The American Dream, or the perception that Americans enjoy high social mobility, plays a key role in attracting immigrants.
_	In 1955, the Barbados government established a Sponsored Workers Scheme and appointed an officer in London to help find work for Barbadians in the UK, due to the perception that population pressure was too great in Barbados.
_	It has been labelled the 'forgotten county' by its own politicians, owing to the perception that it is ignored by the Government of Ireland, even in times of crisis.
_	Some critics were quick to cite Sestak's handling of his Congressional staff as supporting "the perception that he is a taskmaster with a prickly streak."
_	Haynes states that this was "brought about in part due to the perception that the previous government under K. Kaunda threatened the Church".
_	Daniel de la Feuille's "Devises et emblêmes" (1691) starts from the perception that the bird in the poem was on the look-out for a hare.
_	One of the issues which prompted this initiative was the perception that the London Trades Council (formed in 1860 and including, because of its location, many of the most prominent union leaders of the day) was taking a dominant role in speaking for the Trade Union Movement as a whole.
_	Garage rock was a raw form of rock music, particularly prevalent in North America in the mid-1960s and is called such because of the perception that many of the bands rehearsed in a suburban family garage.
_	An executive for Frontline Studios stated that major publishers were wary of releasing exclusive titles for the Wii, due to the perception that third-party companies were not strongly supported by consumers.
_	ISIS is believed to actively use malicious programs on computers and mobile devices such as cell phones in order to create social media floods, creating the perception that ISIS has more support and is bigger than it actually is around the world.
_	To many U.S. observers, the fact that most accused criminals eventually end up being tried in a local court and found guilty proves that the system is working; to some host country observers, it reinforces the perception that the SOFA protects the guilty and makes the exceptions more glaring.
_	Research suggests that the perception that there is a positive causal link between immigration and crime leads to greater support for anti-immigration policies or parties.
_	Cricket followers from the south of England remained slightly distrustful of Hutton owing to the perception that he occasionally carried professionalism to excess.
_	Mandel accepted the job because he wanted to dispel the perception that he was a "soft, arty director".
_	We do not share the perception that the Occupy movement constitutes a threat to Harvard.
_	Dissociative symptoms include a sense of numbing or detachment from emotional reactions, a sense of physical detachment, such as seeing oneself from another perspective, decreased awareness of one’s surroundings, the perception that one’s environment is unreal or dreamlike, and the inability to recall critical aspects of the traumatic event (dissociative amnesia).
_	This was a reaction against the too strong dominance of French culture in the colonies, and against the perception that Africa did not have culture developed enough to stand alongside that of Europe.
_	While Clark's government would not have survived even with Social Credit support (the motion would still have passed by a single vote if all the Socred MPs voted against it), the fact that the party abstained on the important budget vote (while the Liberals and NDP voted to bring down the government) contributed to the perception that the party was no longer relevant.
_	An organization that limits the opportunities for employees to voice their opinions, demonstrates contradictory expectations, and gives the perception that openness is not favored, will lead employees to select latent dissent strategies (Kassing & Avtgis, 1999).
_	New Japan's dominance in the feud injured the marketability of the UWFi promotion, which had pressed the perception that their athletes boasted legitimate skill in catch wrestling and kickboxing.
_	The idea for Guerrero's Premakes was born out of the perception that classic cinema is under appreciated.
_	The attacks had caught SAF by surprise, and the attacks contributed to the perception that Said bin Taimur was unable to defeat the insurgency.
_	Receipt of social support, or the perception that social support will be readily available when needed, is linked to a multitude of benefits, including improvements in mood and self-esteem.
_	This effect was pronounced in men, whose satisfaction was especially related to the perception that one's own relationship was superior as well as to the assumption that few others were unhappy in their relationships.
_	However, others believe that OEMs were left sidelined by the perception that Microsoft's new tablet would replace their products.
_	Greenwashing (a compound word modelled on "whitewash"), also called "green sheen", is a form of spin in which green PR or green marketing is deceptively used to promote the perception that an organization's products, aims or policies are environmentally friendly.
_	While only five of the 241 featured photos were of those killed in the battle, many Americans had the perception that all of the photos featured in the magazine were casualties of the battle.
_	Luis Rubio, a pro-free trade researcher indicated that NAFTA “created the perception that things would get better, but the truth is we have two economies, one of exporting and the other one left behind,” indicating that process that was made under NAFTA was not shared by all.
_	This is commonly considered a result of the consecration in 2003 of openly non-celibate homosexual bishop Gene Robinson by the Episcopal Church and more generally from the perception that some parts of the Anglican Communion might be departing from biblical teaching.
_	Additionally, recategorization for a majority of Americans occurred in that they felt America as a whole was attacked; the attacks increased the salience of the perception that all Americans are members of a superordinate nation group.
_	Having high self-esteem creates the perception that a person is intelligent, likable, and a good person.
_	Copsey believed that "popular racism"—namely against asylum seekers and Muslims—generated the BNP's "largest reservoir of support", and that in many Northern English towns the main factors behind BNP support were white resentment toward Asian communities, anger at Asian-on-white crime, and the perception that Asians received disproportionately high levels of public funding.
_	The importance of the ideal in general of a module, more general than an "ideal", probably led to the perception that "ideal theory" was too narrow a description.
_	As Davies had predicted in the 1850s, the firm's products did extremely well in the British market, and commanded higher prices than the offerings of American competitors due to the perception that they were of higher quality.
_	Researchers have found that the decision to shoplift is associated with pro-shoplifting attitudes, social factors, opportunities for shoplifting and the perception that the shoplifter is unlikely to be caught.
_	However, due to the perception that West Coast football was inferior to the game played on the East Coast anyway, East Coast and Midwest teams shrugged off the loss of the teams and continued playing American football.
_	The windows of these rooms are recessed so deeply as to be unnoticed when viewed from an angle, and the building's indented corners spaces are windowless, all of which adds to the perception that the sanctuary is surrounded by massive, rugged walls.
_	Gil broke with Morales in 2006 over several issues, including alleged corruption in the new government, its confiscatory policies, and the perception that Morales represents a trend towards an authoritarian ethnocentric order which is concerned solely about the interests of some of the indigenous Quechua and Aymara people.
_	These Hungarian government's violent oppressive actions alienated many Western Marxists, yet strengthened communist control in all the European communist states, cultivating the perception that communism was both irreversible and monolithic.
_	In the 1990s uprising in Bahrain the Front only played a marginal role, as its relationship with Iran, the perception that it represented the “Shirazi faction” (i.e. followers of Grand Ayatollah Mohammad Shirazi) and its strategy of bombings all served to undermine its support among the wider community.
_	This move was criticized by the opposition parties in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario, both for the lack of transparency in the hiring process and for the perception that the appointment was primarily motivated by the desire to avoid having Fantino run as a Progressive Conservative candidate in the 2007 provincial election against Finance Minister Greg Sorbara.
_	Later in life he suggested his comments may have contributed to the perception that he is "a cantankerous old sod".
_	Indonesian poet Gajus Siagian gave Jassin the nickname ""Paus Sastra Indonesia"" ("The Pope of Indonesian Literature") due to the perception that Indonesians could not truly become writers until their writings were accepted by him.
_	Cowboy jokes are a popular series about a Wild West full of trigger-happy simple-minded cowboys, and the perception that everything is big in Texas.
_	Of particular importance was the perception that psychology had paid insufficient attention to the pre-empirical matters essential to good science, and especially to the creation of a foundational conceptual framework such as other sciences possessed.
_	The authority ran a number of "JobCentres" in Ireland to facilitate those seeking employment, however it had occasionally been criticised, not least for the perception that it is simply a scheme to remove people from unemployment statistics – it had also been criticised for the expense of running it at almost €1 billion per annum.
_	Rummel replies to this criticism by stating that, in general, studies on democratic peace do not focus on other countries' perceptions of democracy; and in the specific case of Serbia, by arguing that the limited credit accorded by western democracies to Milosevic in the early '90s did not amount to a recognition of democracy, but only to the perception that possible alternative leaders could be even worse.
_	Religious belief about gender roles and the perception that education is more relevant for men has resulted in fewer educational opportunities for women.
_	His ungainly appearance and the perception that he was an aimless dilettante led one newspaper to give him the name "Jack Ass-tor".
_	The style of the Ockeghem "Requiem" is appropriately austere for a setting of the Mass for the Dead; indeed, the lack of polyphonic settings of the requiem until the late 15th century was probably due to the perception that polyphony was not sober enough for such a purpose.
_	In an editorial, the "Houston Chronicle" staff argued that "Until there is another vote, HISD should continue its work to improve all of HISD's neighborhood schools to lessen concerns that a child must qualify for some kind of magnet program and be bussed across town to be assured a quality education," and that the voting was done out of decentralization and not racial reasons, and so the perception that it was racial "helps to give the issue a racial tinge it does not deserve, which only serves to aggravate an already tense situation."
_	Electric cars were often marketed as suitable vehicles for women drivers due to their ease of operation; in fact, early electric cars were stigmatized by the perception that they were "women's cars", leading some companies to affix radiators to the front to disguise the car's propulsion system.
_	James O. Mason, the head of U.S. Public Health Service, explained that keeping the program in place created the perception that "this stuff can't be so bad", and noted that AIDS patients provided with cannabis would be more likely to engage in unsafe sex.
_	One reason women do not follow doctors' advice is due to the perception that the information given is false.
_	One factor aiding in rugby's growth in the early 1900s was American football's crisis of 1905–06, with President Teddy Roosevelt engaging in a debate about the future of American football in response to the perception that American football was a violent sport.
_	The term 'pink tide' (, ) or 'turn to the Left' (Sp.: "vuelta hacia la izquierda", Pt.: "Guinada à Esquerda") are phrases used in contemporary 21st century political analysis in the media and elsewhere to describe the perception that leftist ideology in general, and left-wing politics in particular, were increasingly becoming influential in Latin America.
_	Graves curbed the "slandering of Emperors" by portraying Claudius as a good-humoured emperor, at heart a "republican" (...probably stretching some of Claudius' "naivety" to accomplish that effect) - resulting in the perception that if the "Claudius" part of Tacitus' annals had survived it probably wouldn't have been all slander towards the emperors of the 1st century.
_	The interest in SSI clusters is based on the perception that they may be simpler to use and administer than more specialized clusters.
_	The single-sex education setting focuses the programme on issues of gender as Malone tackles the perception that "boys don’t sing".
_	This game, in addition to the defeat, caused the perception that the "basketball sport for women."
_	They opposed an extension of Persian influence in Afghanistan because of the perception that Persia was unduly influenced by the Russians.
_	"GTK" is one of several popular music programs produced by the ABC, and like the later establishment of Double Jay, the official story is that"GTK" was created to address the perception that the Australian youth audience was being poorly served by commercial radio and TV and that international music and especially Australian popular music was allegedly being ignored by commercial TV and radio at that time.
_	Virtual surround is an audio system that attempts to create the perception that there are many more sources of sound than are actually present.
_	Although the Metro councillor would still sit on the city council, the change was accompanied with other structural changes to boost the power of the city aldermen, who had often seen their power and authority diminished by the perception that they were "junior" to the Metro councillors.
_	However, the band's relationship with Atlantic Records had soured, partly over a lack of push for "After the Storm", but mostly over the perception that the label now had very little interest in the group when they had made the company millions during the 1970s heyday.
_	On February 29, 2000, citing Title VII case law, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which covers Alaska, Arizona, California, Idaho, Guam, Hawaii, Montana, Nevada, the Northern Mariana Islands, Oregon and Washington, ruled in favor of a transgender woman's claim of sex discrimination under the "Gender Motivated Violence Act" based on the perception that she was a man who failed to act like one.
_	In media comments in that month, he denied all the allegations against him and described them as part of a campaign of political victimisation due to the perception that he was a People's United Party supporter.
_	This was partly due to the perception that the internal debate over the war in Afghanistan had been more honest and open than in other parties, and one of the MPs who had voted against the Afghanistan deployment, Hans-Christian Ströbele, was directly elected to the Bundestag as a district representative for the Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg - Prenzlauer Berg East constituency in Berlin, becoming the first Green to ever gain a first-past-the-post seat in Germany.
_	However, in the early 1990s, ratings went from excellent to mediocre; part of the reason was the perception that WSSH was still an elevator music station.
_	Mughal also credits Avari for successfully eliminating the perception that India has been isolated from the rest of the world by describing the inter-cultural communication that has left a mark on India's cultural patterns.
_	However, internal WJC documents seemed to suggest that a friction had developed between Singer and Bronfman over Singer's position on various internal WJC political matters, including the perception that he was insufficiently advocating the candidacy of Edgar Bronfman's son Matthew to the presidency of the WJC.
_	The later introduction of 2nd-class air-conditioned Mk2 coaches on these services hastened the perception that the Pullman supplement was not value for money.
_	Ideological and historically embedded beliefs about the human-animal divide create the perception that human beings are superior to all other animals.
_	Nel told Amnesty International that according to studies of three of the nine provinces of South Africa, gay men are victims of homophobic sexual assault as frequently as gay women are, and suggested that under-reporting by male victims and the media has created the perception that they are at less risk of the crime.
_	This type of dissent gives the perception that dissenters are being constructive and are concerned with issues of "principle rather than personal-advantage."
_	German news agency Deutsche Presse-Agentur and British newspaper "The Independent" both criticised the nomination due to the funds mismanagement issue, with French daily "Ouest-France" alleging that the cause of British indignation was the perception that Cioloș would be akin to a second French EU Commissioner, given his close ties to that country.
_	Garage rock was a raw form of rock music, particularly prevalent in North America in the mid-1960s and so called because of the perception that it was rehearsed in the suburban family garage.
_	However, the perception that Chiang's government, with his poorly equipped and ill-fed troops was unable to effectively fight the Japanese or that he preferred to focus more on defeating the Communists grew.
_	In the fall of 2017 the ministry changed its name to Princeton Christian Fellowship, due to the perception that the term 'evangelical' had too much of a political connotation rather than a theological one, with Boyce stating “There might be certain assumptions that all evangelicals are Republicans”.
_	Reasons for euthanizing white pups includes the view that it is unethical to sell a dog with "faults" and the perception that white Boxers are at higher risk of ending up abandoned in rescues.
_	The controversy stems from the view of alcoholism as a self-inflicted disease and the perception that those with alcohol-induced damage are depriving other patients who could be considered more deserving.
_	Howard Schnellenberger was the coach most popular among fans as a possible replacement, while Wayne Fontes was the popular choice among players and coaches, although Fontes was considered to be hampered by the perception that he would not be enough of a change, due to his 13 years of assistantship to McKay.
_	But like everyone, Anne Marie has weaknesses," one weakness of the three-term mayor, he said, "is the perception that the city has not progressed due to lack of big-picture leadership".
_	Some pubs still dispense cask beer using this method (although the water engine will invariably have been replaced by an electric compressor) but is increasingly rare due to the perception that hand-pumps are the correct means by which to serve real ale, and to the potential for confusion with keg ale, which is regarded as inferior by many beer drinkers.
_	Furthermore, Clark's approval ratings dropped due to her "ruthless, hyper-partisan style" which led to the perception that to her "winning always seemed so much more important than governing", in the wake of numerous scandals such as “ethnic outreach” and “triple delete” document destruction.
_	Coercive power is based on the perception that the persuading agent has the ability to provide negative results, such as punishment or other reprimand, for the target of the influence.
_	Randi had said that he need not participate in any way with the actual execution of the test, and he has been willing to travel far from the test location to avoid the perception that his anti-paranormal bias could influence the test results.
_	But the experience of the vast majority of New Yorkers led them to precisely the opposite conclusion and allowed a Republican to win and retain the Mayor's office for the first time in decades in large part because of the perception that zero tolerance policing was key to the improving crime situation in New York City.
_	His blue-collar ethic stood in opposition to the perception that the Rams were a soft 'Hollywood' team.
_	The reason for this discrepancy was the perception that children abandoned by their parents carried with them a burden of immorality.
_	Therefore, the perception that "the TFE1042 is merely the civilian engine TFE731 with an afterburner" was never completely dispelled.
_	Speculative demand arises from the perception that money is optimally part of a portfolio of assets being held as investments.
_	Commentators have attributed these outbursts to the failure of settlement measures, with the perception that former nomads were among the privileged class during Communist times.
_	"Sincerely" was recorded with Don Zientara at Inner Ear Studio, adding to the perception that the band was striving for a DC-centered sound; the actual music, however, strayed further from that model than on previous releases.
_	In this way, the self-fulfilling prophecy can lead to the perception that forecasters have made accurate predictions.
_	The issue strengthened the perception that Chief Minister Koh, who led Parti Gerakan Rakyat Malaysia (Gerakan), displayed utmost deference to the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), the dominant party within the BN coalition.
_	Across the political spectrum there was the perception that the previous system had failed and needed readjustment.
_	This has led to the perception that the no-nit policy serves only to ease the workload of school nurses and punish the parents of infested children.
_	The ad was meant to look like the newsreels of the day, although the true purpose is to create the perception that people who support Sinclar are pro-Communism and Socialism.
_	James maintained that the empirically observed "directly apprehended universe needs ... no extraneous trans-empirical connective support", by which he meant to rule out the perception that there can be any value added by seeking supernatural explanations for natural phenomena.
_	Many amateurs refuse to use the mechanical bridge based on the perception that to do so is unmanly.
_	Despite the perception that Reynolds had the district redrawn to protect him, it is actually a somewhat marginal district on paper; it has a Cook Partisan Voting Index of R+3.
_	The "marriage squeeze" refers to the perception that the most "eligible" and "desirable" African American men are marrying non-African American women at a higher rate, leaving African American women who wish to marry African American men with fewer partnering options.
_	Apple was fighting the perception that the Mac was not a serious computer, and downplayed the game-playing aspects of the machine.
_	On February 29, 2000, citing Title VII case law, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which covers Alaska, Arizona, California, Idaho, Guam, Hawaii, Montana, Nevada, the Northern Mariana Islands, Oregon and Washington, ruled in favor of a transgender woman's claim of sex discrimination under the "Gender Motivated Violence Act" based on the perception that she was a man who failed to act like one.
_	This era is especially important in the "Sino-African friendship" movement, as both the PRC and many of the decolonized African nations shared a "victim background", the perception that they were both taken advantage of by imperialistic nations such as Japan and European states.
_	They conform to the perception that a point guard's duties are to direct the offense, distribute the ball, create scoring opportunities for others, and attempt the shot only if there are no open teammates to be found.
_	In addition, with the perception that the age of the guns was over, the Phantom's considerably larger payload and the ability to perform air-to-ground as well as air-to-air missions, trumped Vought's fast but single-purposed fighter.
_	In that field he was distinctly a creator, for he awakened the perception that objects of common use often enshrine the basic lineaments of beauty."".
_	Combining elements of many of AP Bank's projects, Yoyogi Village is perhaps its most open to the general public, aiming to break the perception that environmentally friendly products are bland or boring.
_	On 5 February 2013, Brine opposed the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Bill, which aimed to introduce same-sex marriage in England and Wales, asking a question of Rt Hon Tim Loughton positing that the progressive outcome would be to meet the perception that "civil partnerships are somehow not enough...without redefining marriage and mortally offending so many of my—and I am sure his—constituents?".
_	Michael and other members of the imperial family, including Grand Dukes Alexander, George, Nicholas and Dmitri and Grand Duchess Elizabeth, warned of the growing public unrest, and of the perception that Nicholas was governed by his German-born wife Alexandra and the self-styled holy man Rasputin.
_	The term "garage rock" derives from the perception that groups were often made up of young amateurs who rehearsed in the family garage, although many were professional.
_	It was thought appropriate to choose a name to dissociate it from nicotine, to avoid the perception that vitamins or niacin-rich food contains nicotine, or that cigarettes contain vitamins.
_	Indian support was said to extend to "consistent and unwavering support" on the Palestinian issue, where it shared the perception that the question of Palestine is at the core of the Arab–Israeli conflict.
_	Specific factors included, for example: research at the time indicated that 69% of Falcons were fitted with towbars and the perception that rear-wheel drive cars were better at towing; the fact that the import models had limited body style options (sedan only or sedan and wagon) and no capability to use a V8 engine.
_	Largely due to the perception that territorial governor Arthur St. Clair had ruled heavy-handedly, the constitution provided for a "weak" governor and judiciary, and vested virtually all power in a bicameral legislature, known as the General Assembly.
_	Due in part to the perception that Shackleford and Martin were fired for bias against conservative leadership, the CBF formed the "'Associated Baptist Press" (now Baptist News Global) to offer news from the moderate perspective.
_	While Britons were upset with the perception that Blair was subordinate to Bush, in the US the fact that Bush used an expletive (claiming the 2006 Israel–Lebanon conflict would not have escalated if Syria would have pressured the Hezbollah to "stop doing this shit") was of greater concern.
_	Typically, this approach has fed the perception that female-headed households, however, defined, tend to be poorer than other households.
_	In several of her books Green develops a concept of ‘centralisation’, which is far removed from the ‘Californian’ concept of ‘centredness’, and has more to do with a heroic reaction to the perception that the human condition is intolerable, and that single-mindedness and urgency are the only appropriate responses.
_	Much of this growth resulted from the perception that Odwalla's products were healthier than regular juice because of unpasteurization.
_	This is due to the perception that an oversupply of university graduates in many fields of study has aggravated graduate unemployment and underemployment.
_	The Evian accords guaranteed the religious and property rights of French settlers, but the perception that they would not be respected led to the exodus of one million "pieds-noirs" and "harkis".
_	However, due to the perception that West Coast football was inferior to the game played on the East Coast anyway, East Coast and Midwest teams shrugged off the loss of the teams and continued playing football.
_	They stated that one of the few factors was to break the perception that M.C the Max was a ballad band.
_	Rugby grew in the early 1900's, spurred in party by American football's crisis of 1905-06 due to the perception that American football was a violent sport.
_	Beekeeping in Ireland has become more popular over recent years, probably because of the perception that there are extreme pressures on the populations of pollinators from a number of external factors.
_	Despite the perception that many remain illegally in Russia, since 1996, over 97% of Chinese arriving on tourist visas departed on time by the same border crossing through which they entered Russia, and many of the remaining 3% either departed by other border crossings, or were arrested and deported.
_	The cheaper costs of reprinting foreign titles combined with the perception that comics were only for kids, nearly wiped out indigenous comic books in the country.
_	There exists a direct correlation between number of ads on a webpage and "ad clutter," the perception that the website hosts too many ads.
_	"She found the generous spirit of her subjects amazing, considering the perception that the Japanese are a people who hide their emotions, 'During the process of painting them, they opened up.
_	Harries's father ran a kissogram business among others; after Harries's appearance on "Wogan", Mark supported the perception that Harries was an antiques expert.
_	After 1840 Coosawhatchie declined somewhat due to the perception that its marshy terrain was unhealthy.
_	When Urquhart's position becomes increasingly untenable during Makepeace's leadership challenge, Booza-Pitt attempts to resign on his own terms, hoping to create the perception that he is taking a principled stand against the prime minister, but is presumably disgraced when Urquhart publishes his earlier resignation letter instead.
_	The last of these texts, which serves as a conclusion "(lannirdhun)" gives a good idea of the perception that has for the nature.
_	Several automobile manufacturers have taken steps to shake the perception that their cars are intended for an older generation because it tarnishes the brand's image in the eyes of younger buyers.
_	Sikhism has been criticised for the perception that it is an ethnoreligious group, which has seemingly very limited appeal and following beyond those claiming ancestry from the Indian subcontinent — especially the Punjab region and its surrounds, such as among the Jat Sikh and Sikh Khatris.
_	On release, it caused a national controversy and threats of libel actions in Britain because of the perception that its characters were based on real people, including Lord Brownlow, a friend of King Edward VIII who had also served as mayor of Grantham.
_	It concluded that changes were needed because of the perception that England was disadvantaged under the current devolution arrangements, and proposed that Commons decisions with a "separate and distinct effect" for England should "normally be taken only with the consent of a majority of MPs sitting for constituencies in England".
_	This collective stereotype is established through the perception that an individual's sexual appeal derives entirely from their race, and is therefore subject to the prejudices that follow.
_	Thus, the origin of the term likely comes from the perception that journalists are full of hot air and nonsense.
_	Ward has argued that the motivation was the perception that "these Christians were rebels against the Kabaka, unwitting tools of foreign imperialism".
_	Such texts added to the perception that Ashoka was essentially the ideal Buddhist monarch who deserved both admiration and emulation.
_	This remark possibly references the perception that Scots accompanying King James invaded the English Court.
_	For much of the 1990s the parties which later formed the Pan-Green Coalition greatly benefited from the perception that they were less corrupt than the ruling Kuomintang (KMT).
_	It is usually the perception that there is no "coherent" politics or philosophical stance represented by the teknival subculture, mainly due to the fact that emphasis is placed on individual freedom.
_	Although Chinese Americans grow up learning English, some teach their children Chinese for a variety of reasons: preservation of an ancient civilization, preservation of a group identity, preservation of their cultural ancestry, desire for easy communication with each other and their relatives, and the perception that Chinese is a very useful language, regardless of China's economic strength.
_	While the historicity of sources as the "Landnámabók" is disputed, the perception that Harald had exiled or driven out many of their ancestors led to an attitude among Icelanders generally hostile to Erik and Gunnhild.
_	In March 1990, NBC filed a lawsuit against Columbia and its then-new parent company Sony under the perception that the latter two parties were violating their joint pact.
_	The desire for independence or greater political and cultural autonomy largely stems from resentment over perceived restrictions to religious and cultural expression, ethnic conflict with the local Han Chinese population, income inequality, and the perception that Beijing's government is misallocating Xinjiang's natural resource wealth.
_	Despite the perception that Feeney drew it for himself, it has a Cook Partisan Voting Index of R+3, making it a fairly marginal district on paper.
_	Portrayal of historic factionalism among local figureheads and dominion by alien despots would, it was thought, enhance the perception that only the British could rescue the country from its past.
_	Margaret D. Mehl attributes his ostracism to the perception that he had embarrassed Japan; notably, an ethics textbook criticised him for having disgraced the Japanese through his conduct.
_	IGN felt that "Plumbers Don't Wear Ties" was "a symbol for everything that was wrong" with the 3DO's looser licensing program in comparison to the other major consoles (which required publishers to pay a $3 fee per-disc), noting that it helped to attract smaller studios whose games "served to strengthen the perception that 3DO's library was riddled with crap." "PC Gamer" dubbed "Plumbers Don't Wear Ties" a "shallow, hateful waste of a game, [that] may very well be responsible for having killed the 3DO, interactive fiction, and the whale", naming it #1 on its "Must NOT Buy" list in May 2007.
_	The movement in favor of allowing defendants to testify for themselves was popular, but its critics worried that it would destroy the presumption of innocence because of the perception that someone innocent of a crime would certainly speak to defend themselves and a guilty person certainly would not.
_	Part of the motivation for this came from the perception that, unlike his brothers Charles and James, he was sufficiently young to have not yet been "corrupted" by the Catholic and absolutist views of his mother and father, and might be brought up by tutors who shared the Parliamentary perspective.
_	Garage rock was a raw form of rock music, prevalent in North America in the mid-1960s, and called so because of the perception that it was rehearsed in a suburban family garage.
_	Lastly, the perception that all medications are teratogenic increased among pregnant women and healthcare professionals.
_	One of the issues which prompted this initiative was the perception that the London Trades Council (formed in 1860 and including, because of its location, many of the most prominent union leaders of the day) was taking a dominant role in speaking for the Trade Union Movement as a whole.
_	To many U.S. observers, the fact that most accused criminals eventually end up being tried in a local court and found guilty proves that the system is working; to some host country observers, it reinforces the perception that the VFA protects the guilty and makes the exceptions more glaring.
_	These newspapers worked to uplift the race and to change the perception that white Americans held about former slaves.
_	It has been argued that the perception that the ruling elites were divided in 1810, embodied in the authority figure of a Spanish priest denouncing bad government, gave the masses in the Bajío the idea that violent rebellion might succeed in changing their circumstances for the better.
_	In "Got Paper" he again attacks the perception that money is the ultimate goal in life and asserts that a relationship with Christ is greater than all of the riches of the world.
_	The film received some criticism from some members of the lesbian community, who felt that it reinforced the perception that all lesbians merely needed to find the right man.
_	In France, Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin commissioned a report on racism and antisemitism from Jean-Christophe Rufin, president of Action Against Hunger and former vice-president of Médecins Sans Frontières, in which Rufin challenges the perception that the new antisemitism in France comes exclusively from North African immigrant communities and the far right.
_	It combined those genuine political sympathies with the perception that it could help turn out large numbers of votes to gain the support of a number of prominent politicians.
_	However, the perception that Chiang's government, with his poorly equipped and ill-fed troops was unable to effectively fight the Japanese or that he preferred to focus more on defeating the Communists grew.
_	Cecilia Muñoz, director of the White House Domestic Policy Council, acknowledged in June 2014 "rumors and reports, or suggestions, that the increase may be in response to the perception that children would be allowed to stay or that immigration reform would in some way benefit these children," but added that "it seems to be quite clear that what is driving this is what's happening in their home countries."
_	The United Nations UNAIDS 2015 Terminology Guidelines suggests that the term "corrective rape" should no longer be used, as it gives off the perception that something needs to be fixed.
_	Women and children are typically used more often due to the perception that they are worth less, with their use as bombers allowing more men to serve as fighters.
_	Early attempts to establish an officer candidate school to train an indigenous officer corps from among Haiti's educated upper class failed due to a reluctance among potential candidates to be seen collaborating with the American occupation, and by the perception that the methods of American military instruction were demeaning.
_	In the US, the poster was altered to instead show Bynes with both arms down, to avoid giving the perception that the film was criticizing the then-recently commenced Iraq War.
_	There has been a steady increase in the number of STDs found in elderly individuals in nursing homes and other residential living communities, belying the perception that elderly people do not engage in sexual activity.
_	This bred the perception that the new coach was not a good communicator and lacked a vision for the team.
_	Those who have not applied for citizenship feel they are regarded with suspicion, under the perception that they are deliberately avoiding naturalisation.
_	Labour found that their own campaign strategy of accusing UKIP of racism backfired, as rather than distancing UKIP supporters from the party it contributed to the perception that Labour failed to understand widespread concerns regarding immigration.
_	Many feminist economists challenge the perception that only "objective" (often presumed to be quantitative) data are valid.
_	The notion of "dumb blonde" has been a topic of academic research reported in scholarly articles and university symposia, which tend to confirm that many people hold to the perception that light-haired women are less intelligent than women with dark hair.
_	When pressed for comment on console exclusivity, a Capcom USA representative confirmed the claim, generating the perception that Capcom was hoping to boost the GameCube's sales and reputation.
_	Irked at the reverence afforded John Lennon following the latter's murder in 1980, McCartney sought to alter the perception that Lennon had been the true creative leader of the Beatles.
_	London was not ready for Epstein's first major commission – 18 large nude sculptures made in 1908 for the façade of Charles Holden's building for the British Medical Association on The Strand (now Zimbabwe House) were initially considered shocking to Edwardian sensibilities, again mainly due to the perception that they were sexually over-explicit.
_	The Webers chose the name Omaha Hotel, which created the perception that it was affiliated with the railroad.
_	Another factor behind the shift was the perception that, although the Soviet Union still posed the greatest threat to China's security, the threat was long-term rather than immediate.
_	Spokesman Greg Hayman said the idea was part of a bid to correct the perception that Cambridge was "not for young people from ordinary backgrounds.
_	This was true notwithstanding the recognition of Rawlings as an honest leader and the perception that the situation he was trying to redress was not of his creation.
_	This approach is supported for several years of teaching and learning, and sets up the perception that multiplication is just a more efficient way of adding.
_	And it leads to the perception that government is only for friends and family.
_	Thus, must be developed the perception that Quebec culture is a part of the North-American heritage and that it is necessary to preserve it.
_	Joshua Safran later commented on her introduction and the perception that the character brought to the show.
_	One reason is the perception that its sister society, SHOT, remains somewhat biased toward U.S. membership in spite of efforts to reach out more to an international audience.
_	There is the perception that naturally produced items have a greater elegance over artificial things.
_	As a response to this and to the perception that quality control was not keeping up with article creation, it was proposed to declare 10 December 2006 "", a day where participants voluntarily agree to post no new articles, but instead focus on improving existing ones.
_	She challenges the perception that those with physical differences are somehow "broken" and need to be "fixed".
_	On the international scene, the perception that the Republic was experiencing revolutionary anti-capitalist movement began to arise, favoured by the testimony of Spanish businessmen, such as ex-Minister of the Monarchy and active Nationalist supporter Francesc Cambó, an individual of great influence in the financial world.
_	To counter the perception that Indian women are most useful in the household, SEWA makes visible the crafts, skills, and value of female labour to the Indian economy.
_	This was exacerbated by the perception that a revolutionary elite had emerged consisting of those connected to the administration; they had access to better housing, private transportation, servants, and the ability to purchase luxury goods abroad.
_	The executive editor of "The Washington Post" said the paper "can't have any tolerance for the perception that people are conflicted or bring a bias to their work.”
_	Now, biofuels in the form of liquid fuels derived from plant materials are entering the market, driven by the perception that they reduce climate gas emissions, and also by factors such as oil price spikes and the need for increased energy security.
_	A study commissioned by NASA lends credence to the perception that Satellite Beach is located in a portion of the North American Atlantic shoreline with a reduced incidence of catastrophic hurricanes.
_	An increasing number of black candidates who are supposed to be beneficiaries of affirmative action are dissociating themselves from it, largely because of the perception that the appointments are not based on merit.
_	American embassy reports reflected the perception that the regime's failure was due not simply to poor military engagement, but also because of the vast support for the PdlP found among the rural peasantry.
_	Holland said that Felt wanted to create the perception that Gray "could not control the FBI".
_	Japanese historians like Uematsu, Sugiyama and Morita criticized the perception that a four class system existed under Mongol rule and Funada Yoshiyuki questioned the very existence of the Semu as a class.
_	When the junk was being built, Phil Choy, a historian with the Chinese Historical Society of America, said, "This project dispels the perception that all Chinese were laundrymen and houseboys and cooks.
_	In business settings involving customer interaction, the unfamiliar machines were viewed with suspicion (as there existed the perception that mechanical devices could be rigged by unscrupulous merchants) and the presence of such a large object between the customer and employee "interrupted the 'personal touch.
_	Duncan criticized the perception that Curaçao's interests dominated those of other islands in the Netherlands Antilles, "Sometimes I have to wonder how serious we are.
_	Bartlet also indicates that he chose a gun metaphor to subtly counter the perception that he is a liberal elitist.
_	The Court stated that a person is considered transgender "precisely because of the perception that his or her behavior transgresses gender stereotypes."
_	Congress voted to withdraw local funding from around a third of the 108 Labour MPs whose constituencies received support from GMB, due to the perception that some MPs within the party were treating workers with "contempt" and generally not working in the interests of the working class and GMB members.
_	They cited so-called "food-racism": the perception that local, traditional food and food plants are useless and poisonous, even though locals have eaten them for millennia.
_	They also denounced the perception that the people of Niger are incapable of living without support from the west, and argued that large food donations overwhelmed the local supply, making it harder for local agriculture to compete.
_	Although Chinese Americans grow up learning English, some teach their children Chinese for a variety of reasons including preservation of an ancient civilization, preservation of a unique identity, pride in their cultural ancestry, desire for easy communication with them and other relatives, and the perception that Chinese will be a useful language as China's economic strength increases.
_	Following Vatican II, the perception that Marian devotions had decreased was expressed by several authors.
_	Weiner found that the perception that Jewish documents were completely destroyed during World War II by the occupation of Nazi and Soviet governments was untrue.
_	This incident has added to the perception that Musgrave Park is dangerous.
_	Over this period, Shiite dissatisfaction with the occupation, especially among the urban poor, had been gradually increasing for some of the same reasons it had been among the Sunnis: the perception that the coalition had failed to deliver on its promises and a nationalist dissatisfaction with foreign occupation.
_	On 2 June 1972, Major Philip W. Handley and Lieutenant John J. Smallwood shot down a MiG-19 with a 300 round burst from their M-61A Vulcan Cannon, disproving the perception that American aircrews had lost their dogfighting skills (Smallwood was later shot down and to this day remains listed as missing in action).
_	This resulted in an underwhelming contract offer and produced the perception that the Buccaneers were not serious about signing Jackson.
_	This gave the Romans the perception that the inhabitants were fearful of their treason.
_	A 1995 study of Canadian students who had traveled to Florida for spring break, found the key elements of a spring break vacation to include a group holiday with friends traveling and rooming together, a perpetual party atmosphere, high alcohol consumption, sexually suggestive contests and displays, and the perception that casual sex is common.
_	The meat produced by these cross-breeds is different from the "authentic" Kobe beef, though this is "often by design", due to the perception that American palates do not actually want the richness of Japanese beef and would prefer a more familiar flavor profile.
_	It is a social emotion, because it requires the perception that another person is being hurt by this act; and it also has implication in morality, such that the guilty actor, in virtue of feeling distressed and guilty, accepts responsibility for the wrongdoing, which might cause desire to make amends or punish the self.
_	Attendants of the meeting said that Bush wanted to change the perception that she was a traditional First Lady in that she always stayed by her husband's side.
_	The Offensives of May and August were primarily re-directed towards military targets, intending to blunt the perception that military victory was attainable for the US.
_	The SF found itself working on the same side as Parti Negara, the People's Progressive Party (PPP), the United Democratic Party (UDP), and the PMIP, in opposing the proposal due to the perception that it was being formulated by the Alliance without the consent of the people of the territories.
_	In 1977 the Carter administration placed a ban on reprocessing spent fuel, in an effort to set an international example, as within the US, there is the perception that it would lead to nuclear weapons proliferation.
_	Therefore, the perception that women do not possess these "masculine" qualities, limits their ability to be hired or promoted into managerial positions.
_	Part of the reason for the cancellation was the perception that by the time it would enter service, Soviet anti-aircraft capabilities would have improved to the point where it would not be able to succeed in its mission; a preference for missile development over manned aircraft was another factor.
_	Cultural reasons have been cited for this, as well as the perception that computing is an employable field, which results in greater parental encouragement to pursue careers in the field regardless of gender.
_	UKIP support would be bolstered by dissatisfaction with the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government and the perception that its austerity policies benefited the socio-economic elite while imposing hardship on ordinary Britons.
_	This led to the perception that the blue seats were also home to a great deal of profanity, or "blue language."
_	Designed in the form of a comic book, which he believed was the best way to tell stories about architecture, he later said that the medium contributed to the perception that some of his projects are cartoonish.
_	The next year the accumulated deficit had ballooned to $722 million and Wall Street dropped the District's bond rating to "junk" status creating the perception that lending to the District was risky.
_	De Beauvoir said that this attitude limited women's success by maintaining the perception that they were a deviation from the normal, and were always outsiders attempting to emulate "normality".
_	Some caregivers experience feelings of guilt and social isolation resulting from fear of the perception that one failed in raising one's own child.
_	Some non-Chinese felt discomfort in the shopping centres and had the perception that they were discriminated against.
_	This response in women is, by the arguments of the theory above, driven by the perception that emotional infidelity suggests a long-term diversion of a partner's commitment, and a potential loss of resources.
_	Because of the perception that it will offer them an advantage in their cases, clients thus prefer to engage the services of defense attorneys who have previously served as judges or public prosecutors.
_	The women's team managed to advance to the medal round in the Olympic tournament, but an 8–1 loss to Canada only seemed to enhance the perception that women's hockey had few competitive teams.
_	In particular, while the "Sí Cumple" party did not officially belong to Alliance for the Future, pollsters themselves often lumped it together with the other "fujimorista" movements before the AF coalition came into being, largely due to the perception that the same politicians belonged to these parties.
_	It was also rumoured that Davutoğlu could offer ministerial positions to independents who were seen as close or formerly a member of the CHP and MHP to weaken the perception that the interim government was just an AKP-HDP coalition.
_	The phrase "You forgot Poland" subsequently became a sarcastic shorthand for the perception that most members of the coalition were not contributing much to the war effort compared to the main three allies.
_	A major underlying cause of violence against women is the perception that married women are the property of their husbands.
_	Mather strongly challenged the perception that inoculation was against the will of God and argued the procedure was not outside of Puritan principles.
_	The establishment of IAJapan is based on the perception that it is the duty of the government accreditation body to respond to requests from industries, academies, and the government administrations.
_	Flatley—with John S. Thach and Butch O'Hare—was instrumental in communicating tactical advice throughout naval aviation and changing the perception that the F4F Wildcat fighter was inferior to the Japanese Mitsubishi A6M Zero.
_	In addition, the party also struggled to shake off the perception that it was "the Bob Jones Party" and not a full-fledged political movement.
_	Throughout his career, Capano - widely seen as a skillful player - has battled the perception that he was too small and slight to forge a successful career in MLS.
_	In the weeks leading up to the Ames Straw Poll hosted by the Iowa GOP, however, Pawlenty expressed frustration with the perception that Representative Bachmann was the outsider in Minnesota politics and that he was the establishment.
_	This arrangement continued after the untimely death of Ludmer in 1981, but was put under some strain by the perception that "Searchlight" maintained too close a relationship with pro-Zionist groups (Zionism being regarded as a racist ideology by some leftist and anti-racist groups and organisations in the UK).
_	He denied being "authoritarian," acknowledged the perception that he was "charismatic," and considered the claim of "black-and-white thinking" to be "antithetical to everything we do", citing social therapy's interactions "with practitioners and theorists across a very wide spectrum of traditions and worldviews."
_	After flirting with Fianna Fáil for a while (a policy criticised by the Communist International), a strong anti-communist public backlash in Ireland occurred around the time of the Spanish Civil War due to the perception that the Popular Front cause was anti-Catholic.
_	Shneur Zalman fought against the perception that was prevalent in the early years of Hasidism that the movement neglected Talmudic study by focusing too heavily on mysticism and obscurantism.
_	Originally called SolveClimate News, it adopted its current name "to counter the perception that it was an environmental advocacy organization."
_	Part of the reason for the timing of the election was given as strengthening Conservative poll numbers coupled with the desire to take advantage of the perception that Harper has "better leadership qualities than Liberal counterpart Stéphane Dion".
_	Before the revolution, feminism was condemned as "bourgeois" because it tended to come from the upper classes, and was considered counterrevolutionary because of the perception that it would have divided the working class.
_	This was due to the perception that his heroic abilities were too narrow.
_	Experts such as Paul McHugh of Cambridge University stated that this was unlikely to result in full exclusive ownership, however these assurances were not strong enough to counter the perception that the door was now open for Māori to claim title to the entire coastline of New Zealand through the Māori Land Court.
_	In a war situation, when a Western country tries to help an oppressed nation, it is seen as western imposition because it is as if “the west knows best”, without even being apart or living in an oppressed nation and gives the perception that anything the West does (even empowering women) is treated as imposition.
_	While many artists were challenging Modern conceptions of originality, authorship, and artistic genius in the 1960s, LeWitt struck a profoundly different stance from the perception that such approaches to art as Minimalism, Conceptualism, and Process Art were merely technical or illustrative of philosophy.
_	Ecologists, however, were sensitive to the perception that ecology was still not considered a rigorous, quantitative science.
_	Nonetheless, this perception, and the perception that the object of some of the Knack's songs were teenaged girls, (subsequently acknowledged when the band were years older), quickly led to a "Knuke the Knack" campaign led by San Francisco artist Hugh Brown.
_	Toward the end of the 16th century, Morisco writers challenged the perception that their culture was alien to Spain.
_	The change lead to the perception that there were many tracks cut from the final listing, however it is more likely that the details were transcribed incorrectly as most of the tracks listed were released in some form.
_	Attacks on the Act also were aimed at Dion personally in Quebec under the perception that he had undermined fundamental democratic rights to self-determination.
_	There had been a mandatory forced retirement age at 65, based on the perception that older persons could not be productive members of a workplace after that age.
_	A TNS Sofres poll in October 2011 indicated that 72% of the French public had the perception that politicians are corrupt.
_	Although Lincoln had intended to issue the proclamation earlier, he was advised by his Cabinet to wait until a Union victory to avoid the perception that it was issued out of desperation.
_	There were no legal restrictions on the importation or use of opium in the United States until the San Francisco Opium Den Ordinance, which banned dens for public smoking of opium in 1875, a measure fueled by anti-Chinese sentiment and the perception that whites were starting to frequent the dens.
_	By this it seems that Sidney was attempting to make a more accessible version of the Psalms, removing the perception that biblical teachings must be handled by holy men such as Priests or Monks, and instead creating a unified understanding of The Bible that could be interpreted to each individual as how they would see it.
_	Both Wilson and Callaghan took a strong stance against devaluation of sterling, partly due to the perception that the devaluation carried out by the previous Labour government in 1949 had contributed to that government's downfall.
_	This idea came to replace the perception that people had a marginal propensity to consume and therefore current consumption was tied to current income.
_	Professor Andre Smith, however, argues that the perception that the Tax Court has a pro-government bias is a threat to the legitimacy of the tax system.
_	Upset over the perception that he has been denied his vengeance, Rapp repeatedly stabs the terrorist he was after, who is already dead from the ambush, before being dragged out by the U.S. forces.
_	Millions of individuals have protested against the legislation because of the perception that it will result in mass deportation.
_	However, due to the perception that West Coast football was inferior to the game played on the East Coast anyway, East Coast and Midwest teams shrugged off the loss of the teams and continued playing American football.
_	In October 2008, Target announced plans to fight the perception that their products are more expensive than those of other discount retailers.
_	Body worn video can potentially have a legitimizing effect on public view of police officers, due to the perception that officers are more accountable for their actions if body cameras are recording these actions.
_	Such ups and downs, of reactions to a fait accompli, passivity against the dangers ahead contributed to the perception that government economic policy was being improvised and, above all, losing control.
_	The drug testing dealt with the perception that most basketball players used drugs, that the NBA admitted it had a problem, and it was cleaning it up.
_	The first issue of the zine was published in May 1994, in part as a response to the perception that "Maximum Rock and Roll" was becoming too elitist.
_	Another element of the American opposition to the war was the perception that U.S. intervention in Vietnam, which had been argued as acceptable because of the domino theory and the threat of communism, was not legally justifiable.
_	A security increase often occurs when a nation, state, or institution has recently suffered from a serious incident or is under the perception that there is an increased risk for an incident to occur that endangers or potentially endangers its well-being.
_	These included the perception that the lane system was confusing and caused road accidents, especially when drivers were required to make turns on or off the tidal flow system.
_	"The Hummer" was the first union-owned newspaper in New South Wales (there was a privately owned pro-labor paper called "The Shearers' Record" published by Andrews and Taylor), and was born out of the perception that many or most mainstream newspaper proprietors and editors were sufficiently hostile to Unionism to suppress or mutilate letters and news items sympathetic to workers' rights, and to come down heavily on the side of business owners in any dispute.
_	This heralded a shift in the perception that the Island was simply a destination for 18-30 holiday makers, instead becoming the mecca for dance music enthusiasts with Amnesia and Pacha.
_	An online reputation is the perception that one generates on the Internet based on their digital footprint.
_	Market entry received a low score in the mobile sector due to the perception that the cost of a new or renewal mobile license was prohibitive, thus posing a serious barrier to entry.
_	However, the perception that Chiang's government was unable to effectively resist the Japanese or that he preferred to focus more on defeating the Communists grew.
_	Eventually, Naughty Dog settled on the name Nathan for its ability to be shortened to Nate, and the perception that it sounded historical.
_	After a few weeks or months of breastfeeding, changes that are commonly mistaken for signs of low milk supply include breasts feeling softer (this is normal after 1—3 months), more frequent demands by the infant to feed, feeds becoming shorter over time, baby colic, the perception that the baby is more satisfied after being fed infant formula, and a slowdown in growth after three months.
_	QoE looks at a vendor's or purveyor's offering from the standpoint of the customer or end user, and asks, "What mix of goods, services, and support, do you think will provide you with the perception that the total product is providing you with the experience you desired and/or expected?"
_	On Tantor Media, where the book has been given four and a half stars out of five a reviewer says, "Given the perception that the Middle East is largely hostile to the LGBTQ community, Parvez Sharma's spiritual memoir A Sinner in Mecca is shocking in its clarity and candor."
_	PIKT is in widespread use at thousands of sites around the world, although its popularity is diminished by the perception that it is complicated to set up and difficult to administer.
_	The United States' reputation in parts of Latin America was damaged because of the perception that it had broken the Rio Treaty (Inter-American Treaty of Reciprocal Assistance or TIAR) by providing the UK with military supplies.
_	People of the city have the perception that fare of buses are more than the auto rickshaws and tempo.
_	Other explanations include the perception that Nottinghamshire pits were safe from the threat of closure, as they had large reserves, and the area-level incentive scheme introduced by Tony Benn caused them to be amongst the best-paid in Britain.
_	In the American version, only the conversation between Minette and Louis, where Louis asks Minette to act as his envoy to Charles is in English (perhaps because of the perception that American audiences dislike subtitles).
_	This produced the perception that shorts were only for young boys.
_	The title, "Moving Wallpaper", is a disparaging term applied to uninspiring TV shows, or to television in general, referring to the perception that modern television viewers are "mindless absorbers of images", as if staring at wallpaper.
_	As a result of the Salter Report on road funding, an 'axle weight tax' was introduced in 1933 in order to charge commercial motor vehicles more for the costs of maintaining the road system, and to do away with the perception that the free use of roads was subsidising the competitors of rail freight.
_	One reason given for the name change was to eliminate the perception that they specialized in only hamburgers when they also had fried chicken and a serve-yourself salad bar.
_	Ginsberg, in observations recorded in Barry Gifford and Lawrence Lee's oral history "Jack's Book" (1978), attributed Rexroth's "damning, terrible" review and his condemnation of the Beat phenomenon to Rexroth feeling vulnerable as a result of the perception that "he had now 'shown his true colors' by backing a group of unholy, barbarian, no-account, no-good people – Beatnik, unwashed, dirty, badmen of letters who didn't have anything on the ball.
_	Some have argued the increased use of loot boxes in games since "Overwatch" was due to the perception that the act of opening loot boxes is an exciting element for a game for both the player, and those watching the player either on YouTube videos or through live streaming, creating a number of multi-million subscriber video streams solely dedicated to opening loot boxes.
_	This was opposed to the perception that high rating must be obtained by sinking to the lowest common denominator.
_	On 17 December 2007, she testified at the inquest into the death of Diana, Princess of Wales, where she denied the perception that the princess was in love with and/or pregnant by Dodi Fayed.
_	The announcement drew major backlash with the perception that he had made his decision to leave Adelaide before the grand final; former Adelaide coach, Graham Cornes, stated he would have left Lever out of the grand final side and "The Advertiser" journalist, Michelangelo Rucci, reported senior Adelaide players wanted him dropped for the grand final.
_	Such is Bernard's success in performing this balancing act, that after the third series, following Sir Humphrey's promotion to Cabinet Secretary, when Hacker becomes Prime Minister he requests that Bernard continue as his Principal Private Secretary, reasserting the perception that he is a "high flier".
_	Speculation persists to this day that Marchetti went out of his way to injure Ryan due to the perception that the quarterback ran up the score in the championship, with Marchetti's statement that he wanted "one more shot" at Ryan also fueling the rumors.
_	Throughout much of its history, Huaguxi could not be performed legally because of the perception that it was an obscene form of opera.
_	His success in being elected chairman was due at least in part to the perception that Otis, a populist firebrand, "might give their meeting an ill grace."
_	Although a report in August alleged that the number of troops involved was being reduced from 5,000 to about 1,000, in order to reduce the perception that the exercise was a cover for an attack on Iran, it was later reported that the size of the drill and the number of troops participating had not changed.
_	In an effort to close a 1951 Indian Claims Commission 326-k case, the Western Shoshone Claims Distribution Act of 2004 established by the United States to give the perception that the Indians have been served justice, made payment of $160 million to the Great Basin tribe for the perceived acquisition of .
_	Balsillie launched a public relations campaign aiming at igniting Canadian nationalistic feelings and the perception that Bettman had an anti-Canadian agenda, including a website.
_	Social support can be measured as the perception that one has assistance available, the actual received assistance, or the degree to which a person is integrated in a social network.
_	Reasons for his choice reported by the media included the perception that he had a "clean image" and that he did not have his own faction of political supporters within the state.
_	After eight years of fighting, a series of Iraqi offensives in 1988 forced Iran to accept a ceasefire, though the perception that the United States had entered the war on the Iraqi side also induced the Iranians to agree.
_	Georgia lost its #1 ranking after the game and would never regain it, losing it after this game in part to USC's 52–7 win over Virginia and the perception that Georgia's defense was questionable for allowing three touchdowns to a lesser opponent.
_	When the brain tries to integrate these conflicting signals, it creates the perception that the image is moving slower at the left and right edges than in the middle, giving the illusion of a rotating cylinder.
_	On October 16, 2006, however, this crawling peg was modified due to weakness in the U.S. dollar and the perception that the colón is now undervalued.
_	The same is true of the perception that pregnancy and childbirth require medical oversight and interference.
_	Indian discontent led to raids against back-country settlers, and the perception that the royal government favored the Indians and the deerskin trade led many back-country white settlers to join the Sons of Liberty.
_	Rugby grew in the early 1900s, spurred in part by American football's crisis of 1905-06 due to the perception that American football was a violent sport.
_	However, there have been occasional controversies over distribution of seats to various groups and the perception that the large space lacks energy and noise.
_	It was also suggested that Karl was trying to humiliate Thomas due to the perception that Thomas had mistreated Larry Brown, a friend of Karl's.
_	O'Keefe publicly acknowledged Saddam Hussein as a "violent dictator" and "mass-murderer" before he arrived in Iraq; it has been speculated he did this in an attempt to neutralize the perception that the human shields were simply pawns of Saddam.
_	Although the inmates are not consistently observed, they are nevertheless obliged to abide by the rules due to the perception that they are under surveillance.
_	The older term, Feline urologic syndrome (FUS) was renamed to discourage the perception that the clinical signs seen represent one disease with one cause.
_	Despite the actual abating of crime, Dinkins was hurt by the perception that crime was out of control during his administration.
_	This is a joke based on the perception that bass players are often unknown and unappreciated.
_	Television networks marginalized all of Yeltsin's opponents aside from Zyuganov, helping to create the perception that there were only two viable candidates.
_	Since revolutionary forces were voluntary organizations, his position of leadership points to his skills and his being paymaster to the perception that he would be honest in financial matters.
_	In his autobiography "Undesirables", British criminal Colin Blaney has claimed that gangs of English thieves target the nation on account of the perception that its prisons are relatively comfortable compared to those of other countries.
_	The meeting led to a joint statement expressing "peace and goodwill from Indian Muslims", developing dialogue between Indian Muslims and Israeli Jews, and rejecting the perception that the Israeli–Palestinian conflict is of a religious nature.
_	Having formed the perception that these tickets were disproportionately targeting the elderly and disabled, and noticing the "formulaic nature" of the process by which they could be appealed, Browder created a chatbot named 'DoNotPay'.
_	The media coverage of the spill had created the perception that the oil spill in the city of Santa Barbara rather than away in Santa Barbara County according to the city officials.
_	The Charlottetown Accord was defeated in a nationwide plebiscite in 1992; it was heavily defeated even in Quebec, partly due to the perception that Bourassa had given away too much at the negotiations.
_	This usually occurs because of the perception that slavish attention to 'realism' will cause a game to be rejected as 'uninteresting' or boring by the mass-market.
_	As Charles prepared to enter the college, Princeton Theological Seminary was being established by the Presbyterian Church as a separate institution for training ministers in response to a perceived inadequacy in the training ministers were receiving at the University as well as the perception that the college was drifting from orthodoxy.
_	This hypothesis is supported by findings that lesions on the parietal lobe cause the perception that memories lack vividness, and give patients the feeling that their confidence in their memories is compromised.
_	Messier was a controversial figure in France at the time, due to the perception that he was abandoning his French roots in favour of Americanization.
_	Though the perception that the world's fertile land is a limited and valuable asset is by no means new, it received renewed public and media attention with the global food crisis, when phrases like "peak wheat" or "peak soil"
_	This is due in part to the perception of chronic federal mismanagement of the fisheries, forced resettlement away from isolated settlements in the 1960s, the government of Quebec still drawing inaccurate political maps whereby they take parts of Labrador, and to the perception that mainland Canadians look down upon Newfoundlanders.
_	A sharp sense of danger was thus derived from the perception that the Zionist movement was on the road to attaining the military capacity to establish its state.
_	In the meantime, the global economy had entered a cycle of recession, and the perception that opening up markets could improve economic conditions led to calls for a new round of multilateral trade negotiations.
_	That Francis I allowed his eldest son to carry the title of the Duke of Brittany supports the perception that the Duchy of Brittany remained separate from the Kingdom of France.
_	There was also the perception that "Australia"s British personnel were being promoted faster than their Australian counterparts and were dominating leadership positions.
_	The name Ballet Nimba not only reflects the inspiration behind their work but is also a political statement regarding the reclamation of the term "Ballet" and challenges the perception that African dance is something from the past to be viewed with nostalgia, rather than the dynamic and exciting art form which it is.
_	They said the show gave the perception that men do not suffer from domestic violence.
_	In the episode ""Fire the Reverend"", a religious speaker visits the orphanage and confuses Charlie with Satan; the real Satan and his son later emerge, and Charlie finds out that while he is mistaken for being evil, Satan's son is trying to shed the perception that he is good.
_	In sound engineering, grey noise is random noise subjected to a psychoacoustic equal loudness curve, such as an "inverted" A-weighting curve, over a given range of frequencies, giving the listener the perception that it is equally loud at all frequencies.
_	In addition, the benefits of military service and the perception that the government was benevolent towards soldiers, affected the latter's attitudes towards the British.
_	Although widely seen as the candidate most friendly to Mainland China, Soong took particular effort to counter the perception that he would "sell out" Taiwan.
_	The attraction of stockings may include the perception that stockings, and the associated use of garters, lace, high fashion, appliqué and the exposure of the thigh, are aesthetically pleasing or erotic.
_	The Tiananmen protests were partially protests against the affluence of the children of high-ranking Communist Party officials, and the perception that second-generation officials had received their fortunes through exploiting their parents' influence.
_	The Alliance des Bakongo (ABAKO) also despised him due to his support for Catholic missions and the perception that he was "pro-white".
_	Reward power is based on the perception that the persuading agent has the ability to provide reward, either positive or a decrease in negative result, for the target of the influence.
_	Such advocacy was considered controversial given Polian's role on the committee and the perception that the rules would disproportionately favor the Indianapolis Colts in relation to the league's other member clubs.
_	Moroccan troops increased the perception that the operation was internal to Africa, with Zaire originally announcing that Morocco and "another African country" were coming to its assistance.
_	At the time there were difficulties in the relationship between the "Plus Three" members (i.e. Japan, China and South Korea) of ASEAN Plus Three, and the perception that India and Australia and to a lesser extent New Zealand were present to balance the growing China power all meant the first meeting's achievements were limited.
_	The owners, still reeling from the perception that the sport was crooked, readily agreed.
_	More scientific explanations for the perception that a house is haunted include misinterpreting noises naturally present in structures, waking dreams, suggestibility, and the effect of toxic substances in environments that can cause hallucinations.
_	For instance, lack of access to affordable health care and the perception that a flu vaccine shot will cause significant pain may act as barriers to receiving the flu vaccine.
_	This speaks to the perception that the English had of the French Revolution.
_	Much of the discussion was aimed at Whole Foods and the perception that it was catering to an affluently white demographic as well as the restaurant's name having a problematic history of being both associated with a white man’s sexual fascination with Asian women and the name of a viral disease.
_	He was fighting the perception that China is only the equivalent of Han.
_	Grey noise is random white noise subjected to a psychoacoustic equal loudness curve (such as an inverted A-weighting curve) over a given range of frequencies, giving the listener the perception that it is equally loud at all frequencies.
_	However it is perhaps best epitomized not in objective elements, as place, class or environment, but rather in its subjective symbolism and by the perception that individuals can continue to retain a sense of "ruralness" even in urbanized areas.
_	This, however, was not successful due to the perception that Maphilindo was formed to delay or prevent the formation of Malaysia.
_	This general approach led to the perception that he was "trying to be all things to all men".
_	"The OAS delegation noted that there remains a distrust of the CNE on the part of a significant segment of the population in terms of the origin and composition of the CNE and the perception that its actions lack transparency and impartiality."
_	USAID UK/DFID and some of the Nordic donors were also active in the area, as were some of the Soviet bloc countries, but the success of their efforts were affected by the perception that national political interests motivated their efforts.
_	The film's premise is that NASA perpetrated a fraud because of the perception that if the United States could land men on the Moon before the Soviet Union, it would be a major victory in the Cold War, since the Soviets had been the first to achieve a successful space launch ("Sputnik 1" in 1957), the first manned space flight (Vostok 1 in 1961), and the first spacewalk (Voskhod 2 in 1965).
_	All but one CF7 utilized the F-units' sixteen-cylinder EMD 567 series diesel engines as their prime mover, progressing from model 16-567B through 16-567C (#2452 was tested with an EMD 645 series turbocharged engine, which produced — however, the greater availability of parts for the 567 series, coupled with the perception that CF7s would be engaged primarily in switching duties, resulted in the original engines being retained.
_	Recent research demonstrates that invoking the self using subtle linguistic cues (e.g. identifying someone as a "helper" versus labeling the action, "helping") fosters the perception that a behavior reflects identity, and increases helping, or prosocial, behaviors in children significantly across tasks.
_	The University of Florida administration, however, was reluctant to treat Florida State University as an equal, less for reasons of intercollegiate sports rivalry than for reasons of limited state funding for higher education and the perception that Florida State's demands for a greater share of those funds might undercut the University of Florida's role as the state's historic flagship university.
_	Despite the perception that the Wikipedia process is democratic, "a small number of people are running the show", including administrators, bureaucrats, stewards, checkusers, mediators, arbitrators, and oversighters.
_	"The media has created the perception that the voters will decide the nomination...Political parties choose their nominee, not the general public, contrary to popular belief."
_	King Features marketing manager Rose McAllister stated that the change was made to avoid the perception that the strip was only designed for older readers.
_	Kennedy states that "clearly the perception that Zia's program significantly discriminated against women's rights is fundamentally flawed".
_	This difference in the finish has led to the perception that favouring a side has an effect when cooking.
_	The poem, which was little known during the century which followed its writing, was included in the patriotic anthology of verse "The Spirit of Man," edited by the Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom, Robert Bridges, and published in 1916, at a time when morale had begun to decline because of the high number of casualties in World War I and the perception that there was no end in sight.
_	Further, according to Moyle, "it could be considered a big ask that people will get past the perception that the people are all no-hoper alcoholics and perpetrators of domestic violence, which is considered to be the general reputation that Palm Islanders have in broader Australia.
_	His sister Barbara, afflicted with the same kinds of drug problems as her brother, committed suicide in 1977, which also helped contribute to the perception that Ted could have been vulnerable to suicide as well.
_	France was heavily in favor of monitoring this region, due to the perception that the economic and technological potential of the region had allowed the German Reich to threaten and occupy France during the Franco-Prussian War, World War I, and World War II.
_	The rising popularity of ADR can be explained by the increasing caseload of traditional courts, the perception that ADR imposes fewer costs than litigation, a preference for confidentiality, and the desire of some parties to have greater control over the selection of the individual or individuals who will decide their dispute.
_	This has led to the perception that the no-nit policy serves only to ease the workload of school nurses.
_	Dr. Cowles believed that the lack of funds was caused by the perception that Elmira College was only on the level of a boarding school.
_	Since tool use is considered to be a key feature of primate intelligence, the apparent lack of this behavior in wild lemurs, as well as the lack of non-food object play, has helped reinforce the perception that lemurs are less intelligent than their simian cousins.
_	One of the motivators for a gang presence in the sex trafficking of Aboriginal women and girls may be the perception that trafficking women and girls for sex acts is a low-risk crime for incarceration.
_	More important for most soldiers was the perception that prisoners would be killed by the enemy anyway, and so one might as well fight on.
_	The premise of militant liberty relies upon the perception that humans around the world have a fundamental understanding of liberty and freedom, and if given the choice will seek to pursue them.
_	The title "Cabal" resulted from the perception that they had conspired together in Clarendon's fall and prosecution, and in its increasingly secretive conduct of government, and was helped by the fact that the initial letters of their names could be arranged to form CABAL as an acronym.
_	In 1986 the team decided to change their image, adopting the monikers Spike and Basher, the Mod Squad, a pair of motorcycle police officers, completed with uniforms and motorcycle helmets that the team used to help them win matches, pushing the perception that they were bad guys.
_	Because it worked in areas of contentious policy debates, from its founding the Principals were concerned about the perception that, for many researchers, accepting funding from a particular interest could taint the findings of the research, no matter how impartial the authors claimed to be.
_	The film also raises questions about the nature of art, especially abstract expressionism, the nature of the documentary process, and the perception that the media imparts fame to subjects only to later subject them to intense scrutiny and criticism.
_	The National Conference's autocratic rule and the perception that it had sold Kashmir's interests to India caused a disillusion with that organisation among Kashmiri youth began enlisting as Jamaat members or came to sympathise with it.
_	This may be due to the perception that it was a single-issue party that provided a protest vote among a particular community.
_	This strengthened the perception that the country was becoming a civilian dictatorship.
_	By January 1952 it had gained the nickname 'Mr. Hawkesworth's Party' by the Sudanese, playing on the perception that the party had been engineered by the Assistant Civil Secretary (Political) Desmond Hawkesworth.
_	"When we went back into the studio this time, we were determined to get rid of the perception that people had of us," said Jimi Goodwin in an interview with "NME".
_	It summarised that "The failure to show any logical connection between family background and the sentence leaves the public with the perception that those with a notable surname are more equal than others."
_	On her return to Australian waters, several sailors aboard the warship mutinied after a request for an extra day's leave in Fremantle was denied, although other issues played a part in the mutiny, including minimal leave during the war, problems with pay, and the perception that Royal Navy personnel were more likely to receive promotions than Australian sailors.
_	Published in 1975, between the end of "" and the production of "", the book was criticized by some fans because of the perception that Nimoy was rejecting the character Spock.
_	The first was the perception that the legal system was more concerned with the protection of the constitutional rights of criminal offenders and alleged offenders than they were the victims of their offenses.
_	Dismayed by these policies and the perception that the government was deaf to the complaints and plight of the villagers in the North, republic leaders aimed to expel the government-appointed centralist officials and restore the Constitution of 1824.
_	Despite the perception that the district was more competitive than the one DeLay represented for his first 10 terms, the 22nd was considered a heavily Republican district.
_	Regarding her early career and success, Hudson has noted that she is a "hard worker" and did not want to be associated with her well-known parents, wishing to avoid the perception that she "rode on somebody's coattails".
_	Unlike the perception that he was an arthouse filmmaker, with "Poongsan", Juhn hoped to make a film that was first and foremost popcorn entertainment — something young, fun, and edgy.
_	The strength of the bias to obey a legitimate authority figure comes from systemic socialization practices designed to instill in people the perception that such obedience constitutes correct behavior.
_	A large contributing factor to this interest was the perception that the developmental autonomy and enjoyed as the only two clubs fielding stand-alone reserves teams in the VFL was responsible for the very strong senior AFL performances of those two clubs between 2007 and 2011, during which time they shared four of the five AFL premierships.
_	Other weaknesses are that it has not been determined if the statistically most accurate method for combining results is the fixed, IVhet, random or quality effect models, though the criticism against the random effects model is mounting because of the perception that the new random effects (used in meta-analysis) are essentially formal devices to facilitate smoothing or shrinkage and prediction may be impossible or ill-advised.
_	The guerrillas had been welcomed as liberators by Kosovo Albanians but subsequently alienated many by the perception that they were engaging in organised crime, extortion and violence against political opponents and other ethnic groups in Kosovo.
_	Many presenters have argued against the perception that the main focus is indie guitar music.
_	Zou huo ru mo () or "qigong deviation" () is a mental condition characterized by the perception that there is uncontrolled flow of qi in the body.
_	Many in the microcomputer industry resented IBM's power and wealth, and disliked the perception that an industry founded by startups needed a latecomer so staid that it had a strict dress code and employee songbook.
_	Many non-superpowered comic book characters are written as hyper-competent characters due to the perception that they would simply be considered underpowered otherwise.
_	For the first time it included people from all parts of the country in an attempt to nationalize the party, weakening the perception that the BPP serves only Botswana in the north.
_	While the party has stated that one of its key aims is the eradication of the sociopolitical and socioeconomic conditions that cause gangsterism and crime, almost all criticism and satire levelled at the PA by other political parties, the police, the South African media and the broad public has focused on the perception that the PA is a "gangster party".
_	Encouraged by the perception that Bradman struggled against bouncers on a lively pitch during his 232 at The Oval, Jardine began gathering information from players such as Frank Foster who employed "leg theory" in English cricket.
_	Specific fan objections to the Toronto games include the perception that Rogers Centre is less raucous than Orchard Park and that the city is a neutral site rather than a home game.
_	However, one study found that nearly three-quarters of college students hold the perception that cheating online is easier than cheating in person.
_	This stance may have reflected, in part, the perception that the presence of India would act to lessen Chinese influence in the EAS, as discussed further below.
_	Easy Goer's victory seemingly squashed the perception that muddy or wet tracks were his Achilles' heel.
_	He emphasized the power of education, recounting the privilege of attending the exclusive Punahou School and Harvard Law School despite his family's poverty, and criticized the perception that poor black youths who read books are "acting white."
_	On the same day, Elsie Jorss-Reilley and Grace Evelyn Boudlin sang the song to the Committee to refute the perception that it was too high pitched for a typical person to sing.
_	The Federation of American Scientists describes the Order as a response to Section 1016 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004, the report of the 9/11 Commission, and to the perception that intelligence agencies were "over-classifying" secrets.
_	The owners were still reeling from the perception that baseball was crooked, and accepted the agreement virtually without dissent.
_	There is also a problem in the nation with foreign criminals targeting it due to its relatively affluent status and the perception that it has lax security.
_	For Gabel's third episode appearance, Jason Hughes of AOL TV called Lincoln "too rich a character to just abandon," a reference to the perception that Lee would be appearing in one (and possibly soon-to-be-ending) universe.
_	Moist heat results in the perception that the tissue is heated more deeply.
_	Powerlessness, therefore, is the perception that the individual does not have the means to achieve his goals.
_	Perceptions of vulnerability can also lead to the perception that the victim is partially or entirely responsible for the crime.
_	Björk sings in "primitive-sounding screams," accentuated by a sampled, digitized beat that creates the perception that her voice is "natural" and "is being manipulated by something completely technological."
_	Detractors of covenant theology often refer to it as "supersessionism" or as "replacement theology", due to the perception that it teaches that God has abandoned the promises made to the Jews and has replaced the Jews with Christians as his chosen people on the Earth.
_	This, coupled with the perception that the minor premier could find losing its semi-final to be advantageous, resulted in the league abandoning the amended "Argus" system after 1931, replacing it with the Page–McIntyre system.
_	A January 2011 analysis of the Republican presidential field in "Sabato's Crystal Ball" placed Cain in the fourth tier of candidates, saying he was "a favorite among some activists [... with] a blunt, no-holds-barred style", but that he was limited by having had no elective experience and by "the perception that he is too far right to win a general election".
_	Although Lincoln had intended to do so earlier, he was advised by his Cabinet to make this announcement after a Union victory to avoid the perception that it was issued out of desperation.
_	Charles C. W. Cooke, writing in the "National Review Online", stated that it was a grassroots effort, triggered by the perception that the two senators were not listening to the concerns of the public.
_	The term arises from the perception that members of this generation have grown up being overprotected by their parents and in an environment of economic prosperity, in a similar manner to how strawberries are grown in protected greenhouses and command a higher price compared to other fruits.
_	This perception of reciprocal strength should foster the perception that together, members of the group are uniquely invulnerable.
_	Reasons for opposing Zionism are varied, and they include: the perception that land confiscations are unfair; expulsions of Palestinians; violence against Palestinians; and alleged racism.
_	This spawned the notion that saloons were breeding grounds for moral and political corruption, due to the perception that immigrants traded their votes for favors i.e. jobs, housing, food, etc.
_	Meanwhile, the public is being sold the perception that these jobs are temporary employment for students and recent graduates, and therefore need not offer living wages or benefits.
_	"We were never able to escape the perception that the president had naïvely trusted Putin and then been betrayed."
_	Though initially the favorite, Herrera was damaged in the election by her links to former military ruler Manuel Noriega and by the perception that she was a "Chavista", a supporter of leftist Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez.
_	This lay in contrast to the perception that concerns over Iraq came to the forefront after the September 11 attacks in 2001.
_	Brown's loss was attributed to the perception that he favoured the ruling party when meting discipline to unruly politicians.
_	In December 2007, in a response to the perception that PC World staff are often young, and lacking in knowledge and communications skills, a set of e learning courses called "The Power of Knowledge" were completed by 6,000 staff.
_	They then suggested that because genre played a large impact in the perception that viewers gained while watching certain television shows, more research should be designated towards, "more genre-driven effects analyses".
_	The sheer volume of letters allowed SOG to potentially incriminate untold numbers of North Vietnamese while enhancing the perception that the SSPL held many active members.
_	They undermine the procedural values of accuracy and public confidence in accuracy and fairness, by convicting innocent defendants and creating the perception that innocent defendants are being pressured into pleading guilty.
_	It also indicated that Adler's low approval ratings were partially due to the perception that he is a "career politician" and the fact that he is an Ivy League-educated lawyer.
_	The defeat of the Russian Eastern Detachment removed the perception that the Japanese would be an easy enemy, that the war would be short, and that Russia would be the overwhelming victor.
_	It has been suggested that this widening was responsible for the perception that Bear Stearns was vulnerable, and therefore restricted its access to wholesale capital, which eventually led to its forced sale to JP Morgan in March.
_	GoDaddy has refused to comment on the policy or the perception that their servers cannot handle the load or they are giving preference to their platinum level customers.
_	During promotions for the album, the group addressed the perception that the group was mainly a vehicle for raising Nam Gyuri's celebrity profile.
_	The motivation to have the Project tour was driven by the perception that "outside of New York, there is a disconnect, a sense of unreality about what happened here.
_	When Sedki founded Dubai-based publishing house, Pageflip, he wrote that he wanted to fight the perception that Classical Arabic, associated with schoolwork, was "boring."
_	Although the Metro councillor would still sit on the city council, the change was accompanied with other structural changes to boost the power of the city aldermen, who had often seen their power and authority diminished by the perception that they were "junior" to the Metro councillors.
_	Bellarmine replied that in the case of the ship the passengers know that their perceptions are erroneous and can mentally correct them, whereas the scientist on the Earth clearly experiences that it is stationary and therefore the perception that the Sun, moon and stars are moving is not in error and does not need to be corrected.
_	Holdengräber was the founder and director of the Institute for Arts and Culture at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art with the idea "to challenge the perception that museums are nothing more than mausoleums for Old Masters".
_	In countries where the Reformation was successful, this often lay in the perception that Catholics retained allegiance to a 'foreign' power (the Papacy), causing them to be regarded with suspicion.
_	Shozo is then ambushed by his old Yakuza flame, Sister Nayoko (Mei Kurokawa) under the perception that he abandoned her when he left for South America.
_	Gradually the tide of war began to shift, and with it the perception that Hitler could at last be beaten.
_	When the Hindu nationalist Sangh Parivar aligned with the Heraka movement in the 1970s, the perception that she was a promoter of Hinduism grew stronger among the Christian Nagas.
_	In the changing global work environment, freelancers are consistently gaining prominence and the perception that they are an inferior crop of professionals is gradually changing as even people with top educational and professional backgrounds are quitting full-time employment to provide their skills and services as independent consultants.
_	As our society is now filled with these advertisements in all aspects of life, such as on TV, billboards, in supermarkets displayed with the products (particularly beauty products) and on social media, children are now viewing this material at a younger age and in turn creating the perception that this is the ideal appearance whilst they are still very impressionable.
_	Over the next two decades, she worked to implement policy and change the perception that social workers were not professionals but suppliers of "tea and sympathy".
_	Assisted by his lawyer Mihai Antonescu, the future "Conducător" disproved the claim, and the perception that he was being persecuted by an authoritarian ruler reportedly earned him the public's respect.
_	Later parodies of Smirnoff's act often involved him telling such Russian reversal jokes, which may have contributed to the perception that they were a part of his act.
_	S.E. Cupp wrote that, "The doctored study will only encourage the perception that advocates are going too far."
_	Relations with the US and other Western countries have been further strained by the perception that Saudi Arabia has been a source of Islamist terrorist activity, not just internally, but also world-wide.
_	This lack of seriousness in the process was coupled in the media with the perception that President Uribe broke tradition by nominating candidates who were neither constitutional scholars, respected professors in academia, nor held a PhDin marked contrast to their predecessors in the Court.
_	Emphasis was given to making art fun and accessible for families with the aim of dispelling the perception that the Art Center was an elite club purely for intellectuals.
_	However, the partnership with Baylor led to the perception that it was a "Baylor station," thus cutting into the community support needed to keep the station on the air.
_	In 2010, to combat the perception that REALbasic was similar to the original BASIC, it was renamed Real Studio.
_	Bligh was dogged throughout the campaign by the perception that she'd misled voters about the asset sales.
_	Historically, and in modern times, female virginity has been regarded as more significant than male virginity; the perception that sexual prowess is fundamental to masculinity has lowered the expectation of male virginity without lowering the social status.
_	Both analyses have supported the perception that, for whatever reason, the style of "The Dark Tower" is atypical of that employed by Lewis in the trilogy.
_	The dowry system in India contributes to gender inequalities by influencing the perception that girls are a burden on families.
_	They spent a day with Louis Kahn in May 1959 and were impressed by his philosophical approach, the atmosphere in his office, the assurance that he would personally be in charge of the design, his respect for the integrity of materials, and the perception that his architecture, while modern, had an emotional depth and a connection to the past.
_	Derailed by a bout of tuberculosis, occasional injuries and the perception that he would serve better as a defensive player, he served two seasons for the Kingston Frontenacs of the Eastern Professional Hockey League and six with the Hershey Bears of the American Hockey League, playing only large sections of the 1963 and 1964 seasons with the Bruins.
_	This divide is only 350 metres above sea level, causing the perception that the Indus-Ganga Plain appears to be continuous between the two drainage basins.
_	Due to the social stigma associated with Hansen’s disease, and the perception that it was highly contagious, it was difficult to find willing nurses, doctors and maintenance staff to work on the island.
_	This has left many people with the perception that it has colluded with the government and the checks and balances between the two powers are now gone.
_	More important for most soldiers was the perception that prisoners would be killed by the enemy anyway, and so one might as well fight on."
_	The Anti-Corruption Commission, HRW complained, is "hampered by insufficient funds [and] personnel" and does not actually have the "authority to independently prosecute cases", and that the failure of Sirleaf to deal with this issue has led to "the perception that the president lacks the will to address the problem".
_	I broke the perception that models can't act with Jism.
_	Marjara had the perception that her mother was unable to balance the culture of Canada against that of India, and Devinder was more feminine and traditional compared to her daughter.
_	The term capitalizes on the perception that masculinity is controlled by the hormone testosterone.
_	Further model community ideas continued to arise but were each dismissed owing to the perception that they were unconvincing as business ventures.
_	His blue-collar ethic stood in opposition to the perception that the Rams were a soft 'Hollywood' team.
_	The increasing rate of private car ownership and the perception that trams contributed to traffic congestion led to the progressive replacement of tram services with buses, with the final section of the tram network closing in February 1961.
_	However, debate exists about how much of the show is staged for the cameras, due to the apparently implausible events that take place, and the perception that the characters are acting (albeit playing exaggerated versions of themselves), plus various technical aspects of the production, such as camera positioning.
_	Omniflight renamed the program "Omniflight-Charleston" in an effort to minimize the perception that they only provided air medical transport services for MUSC.
_	LGBT themes in American mainstream comics is a relatively new concept, as lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) themes and characters were historically omitted intentionally from the content of comic books, due to either formal censorship or the perception that comics were for children and thus LGBT themes were somehow inappropriate.
_	Phantom vibration syndrome or phantom ringing syndrome is the perception that one's mobile phone is vibrating or ringing when it is not ringing.
_	The goal was to change the perception that the order was a political send-off.
_	A contest held among his employees led to choosing the name "Tree Top" due to the perception that the highest quality fruit grows at the tops of trees.
_	But that same year, Magnús Fjalldal published a volume challenging the perception that there is a close parallel, and that tangential similarities were being overemphasized as analogies.
_	Ferraro explained that many people refer to thyroid cancer as the “good cancer” due to the perception that there is not a high rate of mortality, its history of being diagnosed in a smaller group of people and that losing the thyroid isn't a difficult situation.
_	The group's members wrote the song in collaboration with its producers, the British songwriting and production team Xenomania, based on the perception that women must expose their body to be noticed "Red Dress" was released in the United Kingdom on 6 March 2006 as the album's third single, and is the first to feature vocals by Amelle Berrabah, following the departure of Mutya Buena in December 2005.
_	"Broken Pencil" comments on the perception that "Taddle Creek" has "very rigid grammar and submission expectations".
_	Early ideas that it originated in North America were replaced by the perception that it has more in common with species from eastern Europe.
_	However, the perception that an opinion constitutes "ipso facto" a clear and widely held opinion is wrong For example, the consumer relationship in the case of Office of "Fair Trading v Abbey National" [2009] UKSC 6 where the bank was fined by the FSA for failing to handle complaints set out in "soft law" principle practices on broadly worded business principles which state that the bank must pay due regard to the interests of its customers and treat them fairly.
_	This was attributed to the United States withdrawal from Vietnam, which led to the perception that the country was less at risk of being attacked.
_	His rise has further fueled the perception that candidates with little to no political experience, like Carson and Trump, are the new favorite types of candidates among potential primary voters.
_	Researchers in the field attempt to explain the neurological basis for religious experiences, such as: the perception that time, fear or self-consciousness have dissolved; spiritual awe; oneness with the universe; ecstatic trance; sudden enlightenment; and altered states of consciousness.
_	In 1997, noting the perception that the status debate was not advancing within the PPD, he proposed the creation of a new party, "Partido por la Libre Asociación" (lit. "Party for Free Association"), to directly promote free association.
_	This was to a large part due to the perception that the Labour Government in Britain had "betrayed" Gibraltar by attempting to negotiate a constitutional settlement involving joint sovereignty with Spain.
_	The Court stated that a person is considered transgender "precisely because of the perception that his or her behavior transgresses gender stereotypes."
_	This is a result of the tonal characteristics of light aircraft engines and the activities they are engaged in, including: repetitive circuit flying at low-altitude near an aerodrome, during which aircraft are audible for long periods; slow climbing aircraft engaged in parachute drop or glider tug activities concentrated around the drop zone or aerodrome, also audible for long periods; erratic and repetitive engine noise from aircraft engaged in aerobatics; and piston-engines on full power in areas of low background noise, leading to the perception that such noise is more intrusive.
_	Prior to 1962, the Braves had a long-held policy not to televise its games, on the perception that it would negatively affect attendance, which ironically played a part in the franchise moving to Milwaukee from Boston after the 1952 season.
_	Justice Ralph J. Cappy was also quoted as stating that "Every jurist has the right to express him or herself in a manner the jurist deems appropriate, [but I am concerned about] the perception that litigants and the public at large might form when an opinion of the court is reduced to rhyme."
_	Internet censorship in China has been called "a panopticon that encourages self-censorship through the perception that users are being watched."
_	The motivation for the deposit interest restrictions was the perception that the bank failures of the early 1930s, during the first part of the Great Depression, had been caused in part by excessive bank competition for deposit funds, driving down the margin between lending rates and borrowing rates and encouraging overly speculative investment behavior on the part of large banks.
_	In addition, these tactics created the perception that the "legitimate" techniques used in the cold war would not be of much use.
_	The positive accounts, conservative critic Dan C. Mihăilescu notes, gravitate around the perception that Georgescu discreetly criticized Stalinism from the Left Opposition camp, and was a covert adherent to Trotskyism.
_	His election helped counter the perception that New Zealand First was merely an extension of Peters.
_	Dick Clark had advised Darin not to record the song because of the perception that, having come from an opera, it would not appeal to the rock and roll audience.
_	Many younger generations also prefer to spend their limited leisure time in places like karaoke, bars, nightclubs and cafes due to the lack of interest and the perception that there is little to gain from religion when success in Chinese culture is defined by wealth and status.
_	Harris's treatment of these as tools of analysis rather than theories of language, and his way of using them to work toward an optimal presentation for this purpose or that, contributed to the perception that he was engaged in "hocus-pocus" with no expectation that there was any absolute truth to the matter.
_	USAA was founded in 1922 in San Antonio, Texas, by a group of 25 U.S. Army officers as a mechanism for mutual self-insurance when they were unable to secure auto insurance because of the perception that they, as military officers, were a high-risk group.
_	Persistent criticism has been given to the character's dowdy attire, particularly the perception that she rarely wears anything but a baggy cardigan; a claim that Wendy Richard herself categorically disputes.
_	Althing due to the perception that the city was too influenced by Danes.
_	Initially his career was held back by the perception that he was too small to prosper as a top level striker.
_	The electoral gains strengthened the perception that the party would be able to come to power within the parliamentary framework.
_	This wall between the past and the present can create the perception that there is a wall between the present and the future as well.
_	Unification of glyphs leads to the perception that the languages themselves, not just the basic character representation, are being merged.
_	The launch of service was pushed back a year, to 2013, in part to avoid the perception that the CCRTA's new service to the Cape might be adding to the MBTA's fiscal problems.
_	They define luck belief as the perception that good luck is "a somewhat stable characteristic that consistently favors some people but not others".
_	Sanders won 67% of the vote, reinforcing the perception that voters highly concerned about climate change strongly preferred Sanders over Clinton, and that climate voters were a key voting bloc contributing to his competitiveness in Iowa and later primary states.
_	In Pakistan, references made to 'foreign agencies' are well-circulated conspiracy theories and rumours that point to alleged CIA activities in Pakistan and the perception that covert American agents are carrying out an orchestrated campaign of terrorism in the country to destabilise it.
_	And even if the advantage can be overcome, the perception that personal wealth wins elections may not only discourage potential candidates without significant personal wealth from entering the political arena, but also undermine public confidence in the integrity of the electoral process.
_	Arguing against Christian versus Muslim sentiments in the case, McCarthy tried to dispel the perception that the parents were fundamentalists.
_	Gender-neutral laws have combated the perception that rape rarely occurs to men, and other laws have eliminated the term "rape" altogether.
_	To help combat the perception that the CP route through the Rocky Mountains was more scenic, CN in 1964 acquired a set of six ex-Milwaukee Road "Super Dome" cars (rechristened "Sceneramics" by CN) that had formerly seen service on the "Olympian Hiawatha".
_	The study contests the perception that college major decisions are free choices, instead they discuss the implications that the major decisions are more constrained by the prevalent stereotypes.
_	The band Cornershop in part base their image on the perception that many convenience shops are now owned by British Asian people.
_	Though Europe in general is becoming an increasingly popular destination for South Korean students, growth in their numbers in the Netherlands is inhibited by the perception that knowledge of the Dutch language is a prerequisite to studying in the country, along with the attractiveness of competitor destinations such as the United Kingdom, France, and Germany.
_	Japanese historians like Uematsu, Sugiyama and Morita criticized the perception that a four class system existed under Mongol rule and Funada Yoshiyuki questioned the very existence of the Semu as a class.
_	They were probably moved there from St James's Palace in the 1650s but became the target of Puritan zealotry during the Interregnum, due to the perception that they were biblically prohibited "graven images".
_	This decision to go to a warm-basing status was reinforced by the perception that the impact on rotational force availability would be temporary and that construction of the PFOS was not yet complete.
_	These may include the perception that stockings, and the associated use of garters, lace, high fashion, appliqué and the exposure of the thigh, are more aesthetically pleasing, or sexually attractive and alluring than pantyhose.
_	This comes from the perception that companies such as FTD and Teleflora take floral orders away from the local business and extract excessive commission.
_	As background, Alex Preston wrote in "The Guardian" that much of Ondaatje’s literary career has been driven by the perception that "memory is the construct of the older self looking back".
_	These patterns contribute to public perceptions of the infallibility of the police and the legal system, and the perception that if a person is arrested, he or she must be guilty of the crime.
_	For the people of Western Canada, this has the potential to create the perception that the West is little more than a colony, ruled from distant Ottawa in much the same way that the British North American colonies were once ruled from distant London.
_	Tao uses plain words, his works are poetic and lively, which challenge the perception that Philosophy is meant to be solemn.
_	Freeston's investigation from San Isidro revealed contamination of the country's little-accessible water during the exploration stage, the inflammation of conflict by company promoters, the perception that the 2% tax Pacific Rim would pay on its revenues, and other social and environmental concerns were behind the resistance to the proposed mining project.
_	How one person perceives a brand is different to another but is largely left to the advertising campaign to manipulate and create the perception that they want you to envision as the consumer.
_	However, Herrera was badly damaged in the election by her "reputation as a henchwoman of General Manuel Noriega" and by the perception that she was a "Chavista", a supporter of leftist Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez.
_	This, of course, was incorrect as UMD had placed 1st four times and 2nd five times in the conference championship in the prior 15 years but accurately reflected the perception that the teams of late had been lackluster.
_	They argued that they were obstrusive for users and that they could be deceiving potential donors by giving the perception that Wikipedia had immediate financial issues, which was not the case.
_	Her recurring use of the Yorkshire setting for her fiction led to the perception that Beaumont's work participated in the larger movement of British regional literature.
_	The BBC said that while that was the official goal of the operation, the real goal was the change the momentum of the war, which had previously favored the Taliban, and create the perception that security in Afghanistan was improving.
_	Countering the perception that Christianity, as a western faith, was harmful to China, Jian argued that Christianity could be shaped as a revolutionary force in a republican China.
_	Reasons for difficulty in online shopping for Prodigy included the perception that online shoppers would pay a premium rather than expect discounts for merchandise.
_	Simon Danczuk, the Labour MP for Rochdale, commented that her tweet furthers the perception that the Labour Party "has been hijacked by the north London liberal elite".
_	The press described the appointment as a "death sentence" and the perception that pseudoscience was being taught damaged the university's reputation, bringing it close to financial collapse.
_	Other criticisms have centred on the perception that they are a symptom of the indecisiveness of today's society.
_	Research suggests that the perception that there is a positive causal link between immigration and crime leads to greater support for anti-immigration policies or parties.
_	Rana Sanaullah blamed the confusion and chaos following the incident for the perception that it was a terrorist attack.
_	Wittman is bothered by the perception that his culture is considered Asian, instead of Western.
_	This lack of political representation contributes to the perception that Filipino Americans are invisible.
_	Uppermost in their minds was the perception that a lack of professionalism was emerging that was generating an unfavourable image amongst client companies and contractors.
_	Lastly, the perception that all medications are teratogenic increased among pregnant women and healthcare professionals.
_	However, McGuckin theorizes that Candidian's progressive abandonment of neutrality in favor of Nestorius may have created the perception that Candidian's troops were, in fact, there to support Nestorius.
_	Clover Hope of "Billboard" magazine gave this album a moderate review for the perception that Ray J "tries too hard" to "prove himself" to be grown up, "like a wannabe rapper in singer's clothing".
_	He also specifically targets the perception that the instrument is limited by taking on "monumental works" of "sacred" composers such as Bach to change the outlook.
_	In "Policing the Crisis: Mugging, the State and Law and Order" (1978), Stuart Hall and his colleagues studied the public reaction to the phenomenon of mugging and the perception that it had recently been imported from American culture into the UK.
_	He battled the perception that he was too small to play linebacker for as long as he was involved in the game, despite his muscular 5'11", 238-pound frame.
_	It has been said that part of the problem between journalists and PR Practitioners is the perception that PR Specialists have not been good at providing journalists with newsworthy material.
_	The theme of Nikos Dimou's "The Misfortune to be Greek" is the perception that the Philhellenic West's projected desire for the modern Greeks to live up to their ancestors' glorious past has always been a burden upon the Greeks themselves.
_	Contributing to the rumors was the perception that, at one point, Bush stated "Let me finish" in response to no apparent interruption and when he still had time on the clock, and some long pauses by Bush before he began answering a question.
_	With the perception that only Objects can destroy Objects, modern warfare is reduced to duels between Objects, resulting in shorter, cleaner, and safer wars.
_	The "naked" signification is due to the perception that (English) skin is buff-coloured.
_	Over the following years the congestion and the difficulty of working through Waverley station increased further, and the proposed construction of the Forth Bridge from 1871, promising much more traffic to the NBR at Edinburgh, intensified the perception that a resolution must be implemented.
_	During the crisis, Gingrich's public image suffered from the perception that the Republicans' hardline budget stance was owed partly to an alleged snub of Gingrich by Clinton during a flight on Air Force One to and from Yitzhak Rabin's funeral in Israel.
_	In addition to the whiskey tax, westerners had a number of other grievances with the national government, chief among which was the perception that the government was not adequately protecting the residents living in western frontier.
_	The effect occurs when such extreme stimulation to the vestibular system leads to the perception that the aircraft is climbing, prompting the pilot to lower the aircraft's pitch attitude, or drop the nose.
_	However, some local populations may be threatened by overharvesting for bushmeat, habitat loss via deforestation, cave disturbance, and persecution of its roosts due to the perception that it is a pest.
_	Under the perception that her mother favoured her sister, Hoe became disgruntled, showing her temper easily.
_	Winborne describes Cox's, "Yo Mama" as "fine", relating the piece to, "The perpetuation of the myth that the realistically rendered white Christ is superior to all other representational approaches supports the perception that the main issue is about appearances as signs of cultural and spiritual value, whereas in reality the main concern is the power to control outcomes in one's own favor."
_	This characterization is derived from the perception that Microsoft provides nearly everything for its employees in a convenient place, but in turn overworks them to a point where it would be bad for their (possibly long-term) health.
_	Mantras took a center stage in the Tantric school, which posited that each mantra ("bijas") is a deity; it is this distinct school of Hinduism and 'each mantra is a deity' reasoning that led to the perception that some Hindus have tens of millions of gods.
_	Following Novak and Fox (2018), researchers must differentiate "perceived agency" (whether or not an entity is perceived to be human), "anthropomorphism" (having human form or behavior), and "realism" (the perception that something could realistically or possibly exist in a non-mediated context).
_	He then directed the UC Board of Regents to dismiss UC President Clark Kerr because of the perception that he had been too soft on the protesters.
_	Zucker informed his staff that, while the instances have been fully investigated and the perpetrators dealt with, the perception that campaigns could receive questions in advance "hurts all of us," adding that, "I have no tolerance for her behavior or that kind of behavior," going on to describe former network commentator Brazile's interactions with the Clinton campaign as "unethical" and "disgusting."
_	Spurred by the perception that women were not treated equitably in many religions, some women turned to a Female Deity as more in tune with their spiritual needs.
_	Although the LDS Church has officially repudiated such statements on many occasions, Democratic candidates—including LDS Democrats—believe that Republicans capitalize on the perception that the Republican Party is doctrinally superior.
_	The next engagement involving an "A"-class torpedo boat reinforced the perception that the class was too weak for service and several new boats were put in reserve, when larger and more capable boats were transferred to the Flanders Flotilla.
_	With 34 men on stage in Kansas City in 2000, they were recognized as the smallest chorus to ever receive a medal at the International competition and have been considered instrumental in shifting the perception that a smaller chorus could not compete at the highest levels within the singing society.
_	This contributed to the perception that Culverhouse was not committed to fielding a quality team, although the rookie contracts he gave to Vinny Testaverde and Paul Gruber were so high as to upset other team owners, while he made Ray Perkins one of the five highest-paid NFL head coaches.
_	The system of parkways and boulevards reinforced the perception that the northern and eastern sides of town were the most desirable places to live.
_	They claim that incidents like this contribute to the perception that Malaysian elections are inherently unfair and weaken the rule of law.
_	Le Meur moved from Paris to San Francisco to relaunch Seesmic due to the perception that it would stand a better chance of success there.
_	Saint-Simon's ideas, expressed largely through a succession of journals such as "l'Industrie" (1816), "La politique" (1818) and "L'Organisateur" (1819–20) focused on the perception that growth in industrialization and scientific discovery would have profound changes on society.
_	The article may have left your readers with the perception that I am endorsing this candidate, as opposed to welcoming his visit to Wasilla."
_	There is even some opposition to the presence or further migration of Uyghurs or Kazakhs from Xinjiang, because of the perception that their presence may draw more Chinese influence into the country as well.
_	Fans follow them for the moralizing nature of their lyrics, the perception that they embody tradition and their role as fashion trend-setters.
_	had created the perception that the IPNY leadership tolerated "bigotry and hatred", having "continually re-affirmed their disturbing social commentary in the state and national press".
_	The Oi! movement was partly a response to the perception that many participants in the early punk rock scene were, in the words of The Business guitarist Steve Kent, "trendy university people using long words, trying to be artistic...and losing touch".
_	Despite the perception that the spirit is produced with gentian flowers (which are depicted in the labeling by many producers), gentian is actually produced using gentian root, most commonly the yellow gentian, which is a larger variety.
_	Though initially the favorite, she was damaged in the election by her links to former military ruler Manuel Noriega and by the perception that she was a "Chavista", a supporter of leftist Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez.
_	Her height, nearly toothless mouth, large glasses and high, childlike voice reinforced the perception that she had all the problems her mother said she did.
_	The harmonic relationship of all these categories comes from the perception that semitones and tritones are the severest of dissonances, and that avoiding them is often desirable.
_	The magazine later referred to him as "Mystic Mogg" (a pun on "Mystic Meg", a tabloid astrologer) because of the perception that his economic and political predictions were ultimately found to be inaccurate.
_	However, he bowled more than thirty-five overs in an innings on six occasions, giving rise to the perception that he was perhaps being used as a workhorse.
_	"Gregory has often been credited with the discovery of mystical theology, or rather with the perception that darkness is an appropriate symbol under which God can be discussed.
_	Contrary to the perception that the act of dueling occurred at the “drop of a hat,” there were real economic forces that drove one to challenge another or accept a duel.
_	By 1842, the military had left Adoni because of the perception that the area was susceptible to cholera and because of unfavourable rugged surrounding geography.
_	There is limited evidence that GH doping improves athletic performance, although the perception that it does is common in the sporting community.
_	As a consequence, much more attention was spent to every similar case of violence, which led to the perception that violence was on the increase.
_	Vespasian agreed in part due to the perception that the Pharisees had not participated in the first revolt to the extent that other groups had.
_	Minogue's efforts to be taken seriously as a recording artist were initially hindered by the perception that she had not "paid her dues" and was no more than a manufactured pop star exploiting the image she had created during her stint on "Neighbours".
