_	He also proposed redeeming the promissory notes issued by the Continental Congress during the American Revolution at full value, thereby establishing the precedent that the government would uphold the value of its securities.
_	Pakistan used the precedent that Sri Lanka had successfully removed Australian umpire Darrell Hair from their matches during the 1999 Cricket World Cup. Hair had called Sri Lankan off-spinner Muttiah Muralitharan for throwing during a tour of Australia.
_	In defending Zenger in this landmark case, Hamilton and Smith attempted to establish the precedent that a statement, even if defamatory, is not libelous if it can be proved, thus affirming freedom of the press in America.
_	One thing that makes this case so monumental is the precedent that is set by it for United States Supreme Court cases that would follow it.
_	This ruling helped establish the precedent that only buyers or sellers of securities can file suit for damages due to deceptive practices.
_	Thus the Munn v. Illinois court case set the precedent that regulating both grain elevator rates and railroad rates was within the bounds of the constitution.
_	The Aquademics program was also guided by the precedent that sporting excellence is a means to teach children other forms of excellence, most importantly, academic excellence.
_	Constitutionally, the wars established the precedent that an English monarch cannot govern without Parliament's consent, although the idea of Parliament as the ruling power of England was only legally established as part of the Glorious Revolution in 1688.
_	His appeal was based on the precedent that evidence that an accused has committed another crime is inadmissible because during his trial for the third robbery the prosecution brought forward witnesses from the first two incidents in Cicero for which he was not charged.
_	The LCC won the appeal, which established the precedent that the purpose of restrictions on a cinema licence did not have to be restricted to fire prevention.
_	By the 1930s, the U.S. presence in Asian affairs, along with the instability in China and the collapse of the Western economic order, Japan would act aggressively with respect to China, setting the precedent that would ultimately culminate in the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere.
_	Over one hundred years later, Judge Rosenblatt of the New York Appeals Court stated that the Molineux decision was a "landmark case" which led to the precedent that:
_	This was a major case in the world of patent law and innovation; it established the precedent that certain patents were simply unenforceable if an organization member omitted something of importance.
_	If Thomas had been able to prove this, the men might well have been exonerated, since it would be almost fifty years before the Nuremberg Trials established the precedent that following orders was not a defence in such cases.
_	"Seif v. Chester Residents Concerned for Quality Living" set the precedent that citizens can sue under section 601.
_	"Corrigan v. Buckley" set the precedent that racially restrictive covenants were just, and it lasted for years.
_	Their codes were Egyptian codes and, together with the precedent that arose, were applied as Egyptian law to be used in the forum set aside for “mixed” disputes.
_	The United States Supreme Court then granted "certiorari" to determine whether the conviction of Heath violated the precedent that had been set by an earlier case, "Brown v. Ohio", 432 U.S. 161 (1977), in which the Court had held that one cannot be punished consecutively for two different offenses if the proof of both offenses is identical.
_	Lane was one of the defendant architects in the landmark case "Foss v Harbottle" (1843) 67 ER 189, which established the precedent that where a wrong is alleged to have been done to a company, the proper claimant is the company itself.
_	The engraved images of Washington found on the early issues set the precedent that all U.S. postage issues would follow in the following decades.
_	The case established the precedent that treaties, which are described in the Supremacy Clause of the United States Constitution as "the supreme law of the land," along with the Constitution itself as well as Federal legislation made pursuant to the Constitution, do not hold a privileged position above other acts of Congress, and other laws affecting "its enforcement, modification, or repeal" are legitimate.
_	He set the precedent that all construction work on "Constitution" was to be aimed towards maintaining her to the 1812 configuration for which she is most noted.
_	In contrast to previous leadership changes, Deng allowed Hua to retain membership in the Central Committee and quietly retire, helping to set the precedent that losing a high-level leadership struggle would not result in physical harm.
_	This ruling was based on the precedent that Muhammad did not forbid such self-marriages among Zoroastrians despite coming in contact with them and having knowledge of their practices.
_	Second, I am deeply concerned about the precedent that a unilateral invasion of Iraq could establish in terms of international law and the role of the United Nations."
_	In November 1633, by act of Privy Council King Charles I established the precedent that all parochial churches should follow the by then general cathedral practice of placing communion tables altar-wise at the east end of chancels.
_	The Prieto-Gualtieri case decided in 2009 by the Supreme Court of Argentina, set the precedent that compulsory blood collection is an unconstitutional violation of the right to privacy.
_	He explains that all of this carnage is merely in keeping with the precedent that Mayor Wallace Cole set profiting while the innocent suffer.
_	This ruling established the precedent that all motion picture production companies must first secure the film rights of any previously published work still under copyright before commissioning a screenplay based on that work.
_	However, they lost this case which also established the precedent that it would be very difficult to show that escaped slaves charged as criminals in the US had done sufficiently serious crimes for them to be returned to the US as slaves.
_	It also set the precedent that religious law, such as sharia, can overlap and supersede common and civil laws, that elected legislators may not revise or enact laws that supersede religious laws, that people of one nation need not live under the same laws, and that law enforcement process for different individuals shall depend on their religion.
_	Adshead was one of the defendant directors in the landmark case "Foss v Harbottle" (1843) 67 ER 189, which established the precedent that where a wrong is alleged to have been done to a company, the proper claimant is the company itself.
_	Chen and Gan received modest rewards, although the Han court was reluctant to do so due to the precedent that this event set.
_	His most enduring case was Bushel's Case in 1670, which set the precedent that a jury could not be forced into changing a verdict which a judge does not approve of, one that has endured ever since; as such a plaque in the Old Bailey with the names of the jurors involved also includes that of Vaughan.
_	In 1996, a Singaporean filed to sue the Sultan Ahmad Shah of Pahang for defamation in the special court for the rulers, which was turned down by the Special Court, establishing the precedent that the right to sue a ruler only belongs to a Malaysian citizen.
_	Judging Mosaddegh to be unreliable and fearing a Communist takeover in Iran, UK prime minister Winston Churchill and the Eisenhower administration decided to overthrow Iran's government, though the predecessor Truman administration had opposed a coup, fearing the precedent that Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) involvement would set.
_	The case set the precedent that voluntary intoxication, whether by drink or drugs, cannot be used to establish defences of automatism or insanity.
_	Since the Court of Appeals stayed implementation of this ruling pending review by the U.S. Supreme Court, courts in Colorado have had to follow the precedent that "Kitchen" sets and stay subsequent rulings pending the expiration of that stay.
_	Throughout his career, he was involved in some memorable and important court cases, such as Lakanmi vs the Western Government of Nigeria, which set the precedent that a military government could not use its power to make laws that will appropriate an individuals property.
_	His judicial skill also set the precedent that the defense "I was only following orders" is not valid if such orders are wholly criminal and illegal.
_	His use of veto power not only destroyed the Whig domestic program, but also established the precedent that the president could veto any bill passed by Congress.
_	"State v. Kuhl" also set the precedent that palm prints were as valid as fingerprints in criminal cases for identifying individuals.
_	"Give Me Love (Give Me Peace on Earth)" continues the precedent that Harrison set on "My Sweet Lord", through its fusion of the Hindu bhajan (or devotional song) with Western gospel tradition.
_	This ruling established the precedent that the Board of Regents is an independent branch of the state government, answerable to the people of the state, not to the Governor or Legislature.
_	Slaughter served out the rest of Madison's term and in so doing, established the precedent that the lieutenant governor would be the permanent successor to the governor upon the latter's death, resignation, or removal from office.
_	This decision set the precedent that goes against the Strict Construction rule.
_	The Sarkaria Commission established in 1983 to examine the balance of power between state and central governments remarked on the precedent that the "Governor's task is to see that a government is formed and not to try to form a government which will pursue the policies he approves".
_	The advent of presidents on postage stamps has been definitive to U.S. postage stamp design since the first issues were released and set the precedent that U.S. stamp designs would follow for many generations.
_	The case of "R v Dudley and Stephens", in which two men were found guilty of murder for killing and eating a cabin boy while adrift at sea in a lifeboat, set the precedent that necessity is no defence to a charge of murder.
_	The judge granted the request based on the precedent that the County’s practice violated the U.S. Supreme Court decision in the "Gerstein" case.
_	The court was also concerned with the precedent that may be created by legislation of this type; were it to be allowed, then it could have broad-reaching consequences on the criminal code where cities could create duplicate laws.
_	The tradition of a free press owes much to John Peter Zenger, a New York publisher who was acquitted in his 1735 landmark court case, setting the precedent that truth was a legitimate defense against accusations of libel.
_	What became known as the "Kol HaAm decision" also set the precedent that newspapers could only be shut down if it was an "almost certain" danger to national security.
_	Section 3 establishes the precedent that, starting with 1978 and every 16th year thereafter, the electors of the state will be asked whether the constitution shall be revised.
_	The monarchy returned in 1660, but the Civil War had established the precedent that an English monarch cannot govern without the consent of Parliament.
_	Re Ades sets the precedent that organizations could provide counsel to individuals thus setting up the later defense for the NAACP in the school desegregation cases of the 1960s.
_	It was this conference that would set the precedent that would be followed to this day, and so neither France, Quebec, or Canada were prepared to go home the loser.
_	In 1933, he was made Vice-President of the House of Peers, breaking with the precedent that only men with the rank of princes or marquis could service in the highest level positions.
_	This established the precedent that a warrant needed to be obtained before beginning electronic surveillance even if domestic security issues were involved.
_	In 1912 Yamagata set the precedent that the army could dismiss a cabinet.
_	The subsequent murder trial Regina v. Dudley & Stephens changed English law by establishing the precedent that necessity is no defence to the charge of murder.
_	Constitutionally, the wars established the precedent that an English monarch cannot govern without Parliament's consent.
_	This case set the precedent that "lawyers engage in trade or commerce," and lawyers and the practice of law were therefore NOT exempt from the Sherman Antitrust Act.
_	The process for declaring a president incapacitated was unclear at that time, and he feared the precedent that might be set if he forcibly removed Wilson from his powers and duties.
_	These duties were relatively low because the British ministry wanted to establish the precedent that Parliament had the right to impose tariffs on the colonies before raising them.
_	On the Virginia Court of Appeals, Blair participated in The Commonwealth of Virginia v. Caton et al. (1782), which set the precedent that courts can deem legislative acts unconstitutional.
_	Cook in an open letter warned of the precedent that following the order would create.
_	In an emergency session of the UN Security Council Serbian President Boris Tadić asked the Council, "Are we all aware of the precedent that is being set and are we aware of the catastrophic consequences that it may lead to?"
_	The United States Supreme Court ruled in favor of the plaintiffs, establishing the precedent that all adaptations are subject to copyright.
_	When Pope Leo III crowned Charlemagne (800) as Roman Emperor, he established the precedent that, in Western Europe, no man would be emperor without being crowned by a pope.
_	Allegedly, Miguel Relvas had called and threatened the journalist with revealing compromising details of her private life (a likely possibility in view of the precedent that another Público journalist had his calls intercepted by a Freemason associate of Relvas involved in the "caso das secretas").
_	The new block structure also set up the precedent that the first set in the block also became the name for the entire block.
_	The case was appealed all the way to the Supreme Court of Canada, where it ruled that Translink's actions violated the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, and in doing so, the Court set the precedent that "arms-length" government agencies such as Translink do come under Charter scrutiny.
_	Elizabeth had initially disagreed with this advice, fearing primarily of the precedent that could be set in assisting rebellions against a sovereign ruler, especially against Phillip II in consideration to the danger she was in with the Catholic world.
_	It sets the precedent that any state statutes having a "connection with" ERISA plans are superseded by ERISA, or any future substantially similar law that takes its place.
_	The Circuit court's decision to reverse the district court's claim that Bosley did not violate the Anti-SLAPP law, a law created with the intent of preventing big companies from chilling individual's free speech rights, sets the precedent that ACPA takes precedence over Anti-SLAPP.
_	Terri Schwartz of IGN wrote in her review of the episode, ""Game of Thrones" has long set the precedent that its penultimate episodes of its seasons would be the biggest in terms of scale and, oftentimes, loss, in everything from "Baelor" to "The Rains of Castamere".
_	The nature of being outspoken is what helped contribute to the precedent that murals in the Mission District aimed to present.
_	Eckels' appointment broke the precedent that only those with previous banking experience could serve as Comptroller.
_	In support of the illegal procurement claim, he cited "Fedorenko v. United States", which specifically established the precedent that voluntary or involuntary assistants of Nazi persecutions were not eligible for US visas, and therefore that the revocation verbiage of the law applies.
_	At this event, Edison set the precedent that all exhibitions should be accompanied by an orchestra.
_	His untimely death established the precedent that, as an alternative to the five-year retirement period, a player who has been deceased for at least six months is eligible for entry into the Hall of Fame.
_	Consequence of Sound writer Katherine Flynn also gave "Reservation" an A– rating, comparing Haze to fellow female rapper Nicki Minaj, "Haze is certainly a challenger to the precedent that the de facto queen of rap Nicki Minaj has set in the past few years.
_	The brewery was subsequently involved in a legal case which went to the U.S. Supreme Court in "Dewhurst v. Coulthard"; the court refused to hear the case, stating that it had not advanced to that level under the normal process of law, establishing firmly the precedent that the court would hear only such cases (3 U.S. 409).
_	The decisions of the Minister and the board of inquiry set the precedent that under the RMA consent authorities can consider global warming to be a relevant effect and can impose conditions on companies that limit their discharges of greenhouse gases or require mitigation through offsetting or sequestration in forest sinks.
_	Horn's decision established the precedent that paved the way for the publication of such hitherto banned books as D. H. Lawrence's "Lady Chatterley's Lover" and Henry Miller's "Tropic of Cancer".
_	The ICTY set the precedent that rape in warfare is a form of torture.
_	An early veto by Soviet Commissar Andrei Vishinsky blocked a resolution on the withdrawal of French forces from the then-colonies of Syria and Lebanon in February 1946; this veto established the precedent that permanent members could use the veto on matters outside of immediate concerns of war and peace.
_	Despite the surrounding controversy, the Wirz trial, one of the nation's most famous early war crimes tribunals, created enduring moral and legal notions and established the precedent that certain wartime behavior is unacceptable, regardless if committed under the orders of superiors or on one's own.
_	The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) rejected Middlesex's request to replay the match, stating that they were upholding "the precedent that umpire errors cannot form the basis to declare a match null and void".
_	Through her briefs and oral arguments she set the precedent that stipulations could include owner repairs to Department of Buildings and Environmental Control Board violations.
_	Aldrich established the precedent that, generally, bad boy stories do not depict the characters' maturation to adulthood, though there is some evidence that they do grow up.
_	Heller set the precedent that a judge who had seen a movie considered to be obscene could issue a warrant for its seizure without having to hold a hearing on whether or not the content was truly obscene, as long as there were other copies of the film were available, and in the case that no other copies existed, as long as the defendant was allowed to make copies prior to a formal hearing.
_	This further strengthened the precedent that the Republic's constitution was malleable.
_	This assessment violated the precedent that, as a manufacturing company, Erie Plating Company was exempt from the tax, and results in double-taxation.
_	Tyler was the first vice president to assume the presidency during a presidential term, and set the precedent that a vice president who does so becomes the fully functioning president with his own presidency, as opposed to a caretaker president.
_	One of Washington's important contributions as commander-in-chief was to establish the precedent that elected civilian officials, rather than military officers, possessed ultimate authority over the military.
_	This can be attributed to the precedent that Chicago has always had a history of frantic skyscraper building, mostly beginning after the Great Chicago Fire when the price of land in the city increased.
_	A court ruling established the precedent that students have a vested interest in the operation of the college which they attend.
_	In defending Zenger in this landmark case, Hamilton and Smith attempted to establish the precedent that a statement, even if defamatory, is not libelous if it can be proved, thus affirming freedom of the press in America; however, succeeding royal governors clamped down on freedom of the press until the American Revolution.
_	This report was instrumental in pushing the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda to bring charges of sexual assault against genocide perpetrators, with the case against Jean-Paul Akayesu setting the precedent that sexual violence could be considered a genocide crime.
_	Crucially, having created the precedent that tenants and lay recipients of monastic incomes might expect to have their interests recognised by the Court of Augmentations following dissolution, the government's apparent acquiescence to the granting of additional such rights and fees helped establish a predisposition towards dissolution amongst local notables and landed interests.
_	Some wanted to strictly enforce the Stamp Act over colonial resistance, wary of the precedent that would be set by backing down.
_	Second, I am deeply concerned about the precedent that a unilateral invasion of Iraq could establish in terms of international law and the role of the United Nations."
_	He based his opinion on the precedent that the prophet Muhammad, who did not forbid such self-marriages among Zoroastrians despite coming in contact with them and having knowledge of their practices.
_	One of Washington's most important contributions as commander-in-chief was to establish the precedent that civilian-elected officials, rather than military officers, possessed ultimate authority over the military.
_	New Jersey has set the precedent that probable cause is not necessary to search a student on school grounds; reasonable suspicion is enough to search a student's belongings.
_	That steely resolve set the precedent that the incumbent's choice of successor "had to be accepted by the 'revolutionary family'" or be crushed.
_	By upholding the dismissal of the case, the Supreme Court set the precedent that racially exclusive covenants were acceptable, and not prohibited by law.
_	This set the precedent that defendants have the right to be represented by an attorney unless they waive their right to counsel knowing full well the potential consequences.
_	He set the precedent that the Chair of Zoology at UCL (then the University of London) was also the curator of the comparative zoology collection.
_	The evidence of dermatophytosis in the holotype sets the precedent that Mesozoic mammals, like modern species, were also vulnerable to fungal infections.
_	Twenty-three years later, the Michigan Supreme Court reversed the precedent that it had set in the earlier case.
_	The case is notable for having established the precedent that a defendant may, with restrictions, call the prosecuting attorney as a witness.
_	The District Court referenced "Brooks v. Texas" (1967) and set the precedent that it is implicitly wrong to try a defendant in prison attire especially when civilian clothing is at hand.
_	The case of "Donna Marianna" established the precedent that British warships could detain, and British Vice admiralty courts could condemn, vessels under foreign flags, and their cargo, where British ownership could be proved.
_	This ruling was based on the precedent that the Islamic prophet Muhammad did not forbid such self-marriages among Zoroastrians despite coming into contact with Zoroastrians and knowing about this practice.
_	Miller continued to use her own name after the marriage (Frederick Rogers noting that she changed it from Miss Fenwick Miller to Mrs. Fenwick Miller), leading to litigation seeking to remove her from her London School Board office for sitting under an illegal name: Miller prevailed, and the case established the precedent that women need not take the surname of their husband.
_	Defeating the right would involve convincing a court with the power to overrule the precedent that the earlier decision was either wrongly decided or more often, 'clearly' wrong (depending on the criteria of the court) or the court must be convinced to distinguish the case.
_	This set the precedent that unions could be held liable for damages resulting from actions by its officials.
_	(This was an effort to reverse the precedent that had been set for cloture by majority vote).
_	When Pope Leo III crowned Charlemagne as "Roman Emperor" in 800, he both severed ties with the outraged Eastern Empire and established the precedent that no man in Western Europe would be emperor without a papal coronation.
_	One of her most notable rulings on the court was the establishment of the precedent that high school sports teams in Pennsylvania could no longer discriminate on the basis of gender.
_	Anne Stanley's testimony against her husband was crucial in ensuring his conviction and set the precedent that a wife could give evidence against her husband.
_	News accounts reported that "for the first time in the history of base ball the color line has been drawn, and that by the St. Louis Browns, who have established the precedent that white players must not play with colored men."
_	Lula soon brokered political deals with the center and right-wing sectors in 2003, especially with ex-president José Sarney of the state of Maranhão of the PMDB, which would set the precedent that eventually characterized the two Lula administrations: cooperation between the market and the state, a combination of a free market economy with larger social spending and welfare.
