_	Reviewstream.com reviewed the second part of the episode as "an absolutely fantastic episode", calling it "really nerve wrecking, romantic", praising Michael's role in risking his plan to save Dr. Tancredi, as well as the prediction that "things are going to get uglier from now on, and their plan would not work".
_	The study failed to support the prediction that isotopes should smell different, with untrained human subjects unable to distinguish acetophenone from its deuterated counterpart.
_	This leads to the prediction that, other things being equal, POC will be stronger under half siblings (e.g., unrelated males father a female's successive offspring) than under full siblings.
_	In that survey, the same proportion of respondents agreed with the prediction that up to 20% of all living populations could become extinct within 30 years (by 2028).
_	After he had presented a huge offering of gold, they conferred empowerment upon him and bestowed their blessings, with the prediction that he would receive the complete teachings from Shri Singha.
_	This was a huge sum at the time and investors did not take out many loans due to the prediction that they stood to make considerable profit.
_	While she was away, Snorri built a church near the estate, fulfilling the prediction that Thorstein had made.
_	There is some evidence that he was here in 1360 and that he made the prediction that ‘Alī Mu'ayyad would expel the Shaykiyyah, but that the latter would return within a year.
_	In addition, the greatest levels of executive control were achieved by the older bilingual group, in accordance with the prediction that bilingualism throughout the lifespan attenuates the age-related deterioration of executive control tasks – those tasks that were nonverbal in nature, as bilinguals tend to do worse than monolinguals on linguistic measures.
_	Eugippius credits him with the prediction that Odoacer would become king of Rome.
_	They derived from social identity theory the prediction that comparative "ingroup" homogeneity will at times arise due to demands to establish a positive and distinct social identity.
_	Thus, people express great confidence in the prediction that a person is a librarian when given a description of his personality which matches the stereotype of librarians, even if the description is scanty, unreliable, or outdated.
_	Cartman interprets the large number of minorities at his favorite water park as a sign of the 2012 phenomenon, the prediction that cataclysmic events will occur in the year 2012, which is said to be the end of the Mayan Long Count calendar.
_	So someone made the prediction that, 'Mary will have a book contract.'
_	The inclusion of momentum as a source of gravity leads to the prediction that moving or rotating masses can generate fields analogous to the magnetic fields generated by moving charges, a phenomenon known as gravitomagnetism.
_	stellarator experiments such as NCSX (proposed) will test the prediction that addition of
_	Fedorin is a weak man and gives in to Salamander’s blackmail easily, but is scared when he hears the prediction that Denes will soon be killed and Salamander will be asked to take over the Zone following the imminent natural disaster.
_	The Stern Review notes that the prediction that, "Under business as usual, global emissions will be sufficient to propel greenhouse gas concentrations to over 550 ppm by 2050 and over 650–700 ppm by the end of this century is robust to a wide range of changes in model assumptions."
_	This leads to the prediction that analogy making proceeds not by mapping correspondences from candidate sources to target, as predicted by the structure mapping theory of analogy, but by weeding out non-correspondences, thereby whittling away at potentiality."
_	""No one knows whether Hispanics will ever reach IQ parity with whites, but the prediction that new Hispanic immigrants will have low-IQ children and grandchildren is difficult to argue against.""
_	In contrast, derivatives of the cyclooctatetraene dication and dianion have been found to be planar experimentally, in accord with the prediction that they are stabilized aromatic systems with 6 and 10 π electrons, respectively.
_	This assertion leads to the prediction that the human hand should be adapted for throwing and clubbing…
_	For example, a recent experiment conducted on humans by the evolutionary psychologist Robin Dunbar and colleagues was, as they understood it, designed "to test the prediction that altruistic behaviour is mediated by Hamilton's rule" (inclusive fitness theory) and more specifically that "If participants follow Hamilton's rule, investment (time for which the [altruistic] position was held) should increase with the recipient's relatedness to the participant.
_	While at Berkeley in 1960, together with Andrew Sessler, he made the prediction that liquid helium-3 would experience superfluidity, flowing without friction, at temperatures very close to absolute zero.
_	In 1985 he made the prediction that Halley's Comet would enter Earth's orbit on April 29, 1986, and collide with the Earth exactly one year later.
_	The citation for the award reads "For his unprecedented work in the areas of nucleosynthesis, for the prediction that universe expansion leaves behind background radiation, and for providing the model for the Big Bang theory."
_	In nuclear physics, the island of stability is the prediction that a set of heavy nuclides with a near magic number of protons and neutrons will temporarily reverse the trend of decreasing stability in elements heavier than uranium.
_	These include the prediction that a war between Turkey and Russia will lead to a restoration of a Greater Greece, including Albania, Macedonia, and Byzantium (Istanbul), and the conversion of a part of the Turks from Islam to Orthodox Christianity.
_	A confirmed the prediction that deeper in the gravity well the time flows slower, and the observed effects matched the predicted effects to an accuracy of about 70 parts per million.
_	This runs counter to the prediction that Sunday shopping hurts retailers by leading all of them to open longer hours.
_	These data show the Gate-Control Theory of pain was correct in the prediction that activation of large tactile afferent fibres inhibit the nociceptive afferent signal being transmitted to the brain.
_	Krishna's birth, his captive parents and the prediction that Kamsa would be killed by Devaki's eighth child makes the first episode.
_	When aggression in wild group-living male breeders was tested in a neutral test arena, they were nearly five times more aggressive towards their neighbours than towards strangers, leading to the prediction that neighbours are the most important competitors for paternity.
_	This led to the prediction that the process of conversion of silicene to silicane (hydrogenated silicene) is a candidate for hydrogen storage.
_	The Unruh effect, described by Unruh in 1976, is the prediction that an accelerating observer will observe black-body radiation where an inertial observer would observe none.
_	Criticisms directed against Esperanto and other early auxiliary languages in the late 19th century included the idea that different races have sufficiently different speech organs that an international language might work locally in Europe, but hardly worldwide, and the prediction that if adopted, such an auxlang would rapidly break up into local dialects.
_	Narcolepsy has previously been associated with HLA-subtype DQB1*602, which has led to the prediction that it is an autoimmune process.
_	Unknown to them, they have been followed by a soothsayer who reports to the Sibylline Sisterhood that the prophesised man in the blue box has arrived, and the Sisters fear the prediction that his arrival brings fire and death.
_	When the first satellite was launched, some engineers resisted the prediction that a noticeable gravitational time dilation would occur, so the first satellite was launched without the clock adjustment that was later built into subsequent satellites.
_	While it was correctly predicted Christchurch East would remain a Labour seat, the prediction that the marginal Christchurch Central electorate would move in Labour's favour proved false; the seat instead swung in National's favour.
_	However, this report was based on the prediction that prices would fall 36 to 51% between 2010 and 2020, a decrease that actually took place during the year the report was authored.
_	Some analysts have compared the relatively fast Iranian advancement in space technology to Russia's Sputnik program with the prediction that this advancement will propel Iran's military capability in other areas as well.
_	Two meta-analyses published in 2014 reached opposing conclusions on whether or not the existing evidence was robust enough to support the prediction that women's mate preferences change across the cycle.
_	In 2010 Shaviv made the prediction that Type IIn supernova should have super-Eddington outbursts before the main supernova explosions since the super-Eddington states can naturally explain the circum-stellar material present around the supernova at the time of explosion (Giving the narrow lines observed in the spectrum, i.e., the “n” in the Type IIn).
_	Some critics argue that the Russian Civil War (1918-1921), the Irish War of Independence (1919-1921), the Chinese Civil War (1927-1937), the war between Italy and Ethiopia (1935-1936), and the Spanish Civil War (1936-1939), serve to illustrate that the prediction that one war will end and that another will start is not necessarily an indication of divine inspiration.
_	The broad, shallow continental shelf under Apalachee Bay adjacent to a region with abundant archaeological sites led to the prediction that archaeological sites could be found on the formerly dry land that has since been submerged beneath the bay.
_	The compound algorithm then collects weighted votes from all the algorithms in the pool, and gives the prediction that has a higher vote.
_	The random forest is another method: it outputs the prediction that is the mode of the predictions output by individual models.
_	This leads to the prediction that the Standard Model-like Higgs mass (the scalar that couples approximately to the vev) is limited to be less than the Z mass
_	Edmund Halley (1720) and Jean-Philippe de Chéseaux (1744) noted independently that the assumption of an infinite space filled uniformly with stars would lead to the prediction that the nighttime sky would be as bright as the Sun itself; this became known as Olbers' paradox in the 19th century.
_	In red-back shrikes ("Lanius collurio") extra-pair males had significantly longer tarsi than within-pair males, and all of the extra-pair offspring were males, supporting the prediction that females will bias their clutch towards males when they mate with an "attractive" male.
_	Though he blesses their love he tells her that it can last only until Achilles departs, and reveals the prediction that Achilles will die at Troy.
_	Later that year, when an unusual astrological sign that portended the destruction of a state appeared, it was Cui Hao who made the prediction that it foretold Later Qin's destruction, and after Later Qin fell in 417, not only the emperor but the other officials became impressed at Cui Hao's abilities.
_	B's (i.e. Quinn's) thinking here should not be confused with the ideas of Thomas Malthus, who made the prediction that population would outrun food supply.
_	Small organisms and organisms that exist at high body temperatures tend to be "r" selected, which fits with the prediction that "r" selection is a consequence of metabolic rate.
_	In the beginning of the 1970s the Karmapa made the prediction that Tibet would have a hard struggle gaining independence and even if it did, it would not allow the refugees to return.
_	Lt. Gen. James Longstreet wrote to the Secretary of War with the prediction that "nothing but the hand of God can save us or help us as long as we have our present commander."
_	Similarly, the severity of the third tyrant's war was diminished, omitting references to the conquest of Europe, nuclear war, and the destruction of New York City, as well as the prediction that the war would begin in 1994.
_	(Notably, Kasem ended the monologue with the prediction that "disco is here to stay," which was proven false in short order, as disco rapidly fell out of fashion by 1980.)
_	Lyssa frightens the pregnant Amnee with the prediction that Kryb will come for their child on the day it is born.
_	Oxford were reported as being favourites in the "Dundee Courier", with the prediction that the win could be determined by who won the toss.
_	Questioning the seer on this point produces eerily relevant answers, leading to the prediction that it is unsafe to leave the diner until 3 p.m.
_	Some of his predictions also turned out to be incorrect which includes the prediction that there are no chances of a mid-term poll in 1999 or 2000 and the then parliament would last 5 years with more than one PM without elections, chances of a workable solution to Israel-Palestine conflict and emergence of a full-fledged Palestine state around 2002–03, a devastating attack by USA which will frighten the nations into silence and submission in 2004, chances of an Indo-Pak war between May and October 2002 which can escalate into a nuclear war and that there would be a nuclear war before 2007 in any case.
_	A second example is the prediction that many firms might have trouble obtaining funding because lenders could not fully judge their investment prospects and ability to repay.
_	They promote bioregionalism, permaculture, and local economies as solutions to these problems, overpopulation, global warming, global epidemics, and water scarcity, but most notably to "peak oil"—the prediction that the country is likely to reach a maximum in global oil production which could spell drastic changes in many aspects of the residents' everyday lives.
_	The most significant aspect of this result is the prediction that the mean activity coefficient is a function of "ionic strength" rather than the electrolyte concentration.
_	Most importantly, Rømer announced the prediction that the emergence of Io on 16 November 1676 would be observed about ten minutes later than would have been calculated by the previous method.
_	By 23 July 2010, 153 schools in England had applied for academy status, lower than the prediction that more than 1,000 would do so.
_	Additional studies of change deafness have generated evidence in support of the prediction that undetected changes are successfully encoded at the sensory level in the auditory cortex, but do not trigger later change-related cortical responses that would produce conscious perception of change.
_	The contestant with the prediction that was closest to his/her final score without going over was declared the winner.
_	capital), and made the prediction that money will eventually overcome capital
_	The team designed and built the HSX with the prediction that quasisymmetry would reduce energy transport.
_	In summer 2008, Lewis appeared on several television and radio programmes exhorting consumers to "cap your energy bills now", based on the prediction that there would be a further round of price increases at the end of 2008.
_	Starting with Thomas Malthus at the end of the 18th century, various commentators have projected some short-term population growth trend for years into the future, resulting in the prediction that there would be disastrous overpopulation within a generation or two.
_	A study was done to test the prediction that the left frontal cortex would have increased activity.
_	Whereas Macbeth places his hope in the prediction that he will be king, Banquo argues that evil only offers gifts that lead to destruction.
_	The Taurus-Littrow site was selected with the prediction that the crew would be able to obtain samples of old highland material from the remnants of a landslide event that occurred on the south wall of the valley and the possibility of relatively young, explosive volcanic activity in the area.
_	Joël Meunier argued that the two seemingly contradictory relationships between personal immune effort and population density were a function of two assumptions implicit in the prediction that there should be a negative correlation between personal immune effort and group living:
_	It contains the prediction that one day the northern and southern states "will fight as vigorously against each other as they both have united to do against the British".
_	Evidence that ubiquitin binds to UBA domains leads to the prediction that the hydrophobic surface patch of UBA domains interacts with the hydrophobic surface on the five-stranded beta-sheet of ubiquitin.
_	The accepted account has been disputed by Mansel Davies and Eric Scerri who attribute the prediction that element 72 would be a transition element to the chemist Charles Bury.
_	Knowing that Huxley had named a reptile order Ornithoscelida for forms sharing with birds certain traits in the pelvis and hindlimbs, Bunzel ended his description with the prediction that "with time, it might also be possible to create an order "Ornithocephala" ('Bird Heads')".
_	In the week leading up to Super Bowl LII, Gloden, age 99, was interviewed by NBC 10 in Philadelphia where he made the prediction that the Eagles would beat the New England Patriots by six points.
_	In the story, Precrime Police Commissioner John A. Anderton believes that the prediction that he will commit a murder has been generated as a majority report.
_	"Working day and night without food and rest" Taqi ad-Din studied the comet and came up with the prediction that it was "an indication of well-being and splendor," and would mean a "conquest of Persia".
_	The absence of a signal peptide supports the prediction that FAM46B is located in the cytosol.
_	This universal phenomenon has led to the prediction that frequent measurements during this nonexponential period could inhibit decay of the system, one form of the quantum Zeno effect.
_	The Unruh effect (or sometimes Fulling–Davies–Unruh effect) is the prediction that an accelerating observer will observe blackbody radiation where an inertial observer would observe none.
_	The ghost of Elvis makes a return here, as does another ghostly figure that will propel the young couple into an adventure that will end with their attaining the prediction that they shall spend eternity with one another.
_	One Japanese sports commentator wrote the prediction that "It was young Yelena Davydova who deserved special attention for her super difficult exercises.
_	Fight for the Future, who also supports the prediction that other carriers will most likely try to follow and details some implications on individuals and on the open internet.
_	Nouinou made the prediction that "Styles can be the superstar that spearheads WWE into a new era".
_	However, the prediction that sedentary fishing societies would place a low emphasis on honor was not confirmed.
_	The most remarkable result of this work is the prediction that a single ray of light entering a biaxial crystal at a certain angle would emerge as a hollow cone of rays.
_	Opposing this optimism is the prediction that advanced science and technology will, through deliberate misuse or accident, cause environmental damage or even humanity's extinction.
_	These findings support the prediction that C17orf53 is a protein involved in transportation mechanisms.
_	Although reduced lunar gravity was expected to make some tasks less strenuous, reduced suit mobility coupled with a complex and ambitious timeline led to the prediction that metabolic activity would exceed resulting levels for extended periods.
_	The novel, although more muted in its criticism of slavery by the time of its publication and also expressing some idyllic stereotypes about plantation life, leads to the prediction that slavery will bring the Southern states to ruin.
_	This experiment produced evidence supporting the prediction that a lack of musical structure makes schematic processing of the auditory information more difficult, producing more change deafness among listeners.
_	Researchers have confirmed the greater likelihood of rumination in women, though the prediction that men are more likely to distract themselves has not been consistently supported.
_	A research group states "...we set out to test the prediction that feelings of jealousy lead to ‘creeping’ on a partner through Facebook, and that women are particularly likely to engage in partner monitoring in response to jealousy".
_	This leads to the prediction that the mirror image of a reaction (such as a chemical reaction or radioactive decay) occurs at the same rate as the original reaction.
_	This line of evolutionary argument leads to the prediction that children should vary in their susceptibility to parental rearing and perhaps to environmental influences more generally.
_	According to one critic, "Miss Ulric's youth fits her peculiarly for the part, while her undisputed genius as an emotional actress justifies the prediction that she would be the greatest Camille who has ever been seen upon the stage."
_	Although the prediction that Watson was expendable proved to be correct, the Magic opted to sign point guard Shelvin Mack as their third point guard.
_	On August 31, U.S. government data showed a higher than expected increase in oil supplies, and the prediction that supplies would stay high.
_	The foundational stone for modern Israel had been laid, but the prediction that this would lay the groundwork for harmonious Arab-Jewish cooperation proved to be wishful thinking.
_	Group-living male breeders are nearly five times more aggressive towards their neighbours than towards strangers, leading to the prediction that neighbours are the most important competitors for paternity.
_	In 2012, the "Los Angeles Times" reported the prediction that the wine shops, cafes, restaurants and other businesses opening on Rose Avenue—adjacent to Oakwood—would soon lead to the other streets of Venice being transformed into upmarket areas.
_	Thus, the mass–energy equivalence, combined with the Weak Equivalence Principle, results in the prediction that all forms of energy contribute to the gravitational field generated by an object.
_	Define the "Bayes Envelope" of a probability vector formula_91, describing a probability distribution on formula_38, as the minimal expected loss formula_188, and the "Bayes Response" to formula_91 as the prediction that achieves this minimum, formula_190.
_	According to Sheikh al-Qurashi, the Mahdi would make himself known through a number of signs, some established in the early period of Islam and recorded in the Hadith literature, and others having a more distinctly local origin, such as the prediction that the Mahdi would ride the sheikh's pony and erect a dome over his grave after his death.
_	This result has led to the prediction that threat displays ought not to evolve, and the conclusion that the optimal military strategy is to behave in a completely unpredictable, and therefore insane, manner.
_	In a speech in 1848 he said, "At the risk of being considered insane, I will venture the prediction that, in less than twenty-five years from this evening, a railroad will be completed and in operation between New York and San Francisco, California."
_	They provided their own understanding to the Ghost Dance which included the prediction that the white people would disappear.
_	A widely publicized failure of opinion polling to date in the United States was the prediction that Thomas Dewey would defeat Harry S. Truman in the 1948 US presidential election.
_	An example among animals could be the case of cheetahs and lions; since both species feed on similar prey, they are negatively impacted by the presence of the other because they will have less food, however they still persist together, despite the prediction that under competition one will displace the other.
_	In her book "Useful Idiots: How Liberals Got it Wrong in the Cold War and Still Blame America First", conservative author Mona Charen comments that "Lenin is widely credited with the prediction that liberals and other weak-minded souls in the West could be relied upon to be 'useful idiots' as far as the Soviet Union was concerned" and argues that although Lenin may never have used the phrase, it would have been consistent with his "cynical style".
_	The series' setting is based upon the prediction that there is 70% or higher chance of an earthquake measuring 7.0 magnitude on the Richter scale hitting Tokyo in the next 30 years, with the series illustrating the consequences of a magnitude 8.0 earthquake affecting the city.
_	"Pee" also includes several references to the 2012 phenomenon, the prediction that cataclysmic events would occur in the year 2012, which is said to be the end of the Mayan Long Count calendar.
_	He makes the prediction that ""What is clear, though, is that combinatorics will continue to elude attempts at formal specification.""
