_	Harding returns and a fight breaks out that results in the reformers' arrival and concludes with the presumption that Fenshaw returns to a place of "legalized vice".
_	Arrigo Sacchi's team selection for the second group game against Czech Republic was based on the presumption that, after the victory over Russia and in the light of the upcoming clash with Germany, Italy could afford playing without a series of key players including Albertini.
_	The rights paradigm tended to stabilize the distribution of property holdings on the presumption that title had been lawfully acquired.
_	However, the presumption that the transaction was procured by that influence may be rebutted.
_	The design life was set out in terms of number of start-ups and operating "cycles", but with the presumption that the station would operate as a standard 2nd-tier (nuclear stations being 1st-tier) baseload generator in the pattern well established under the centralised state-owned electricity system, it was summarised as "in the order of 40 years".
_	A further variety of fitting for an RCD is by incorporation within a wall-socket, where a choice of either active or passive fittings are available - on the presumption that the user will be aware of the nature of the appliances to be so connected and will restrict the usage of such wall sockets accordingly.
_	Ware cited previous cases where challenges against female or minority judges were declined, writing, "The presumption that Judge Walker, by virtue of being in a same-sex relationship, had a desire to be married that rendered him incapable of making an impartial decision, is as warrantless as the presumption that a female judge is incapable of being impartial in a case in which women seek legal relief."
_	I hope you are not voting for me because you are making the presumption that I'm straight."
_	The numerous differences in Hindu cosmology has been used by some scholars to chronologically date the texts that contain them, based on the presumption that the simpler models preceded more elaborate mythologically richer ones.
_	It is denominated presumption "juris et de jure," when the law so strongly supports the presumption that it is held to be certain in judicial proceedings.
_	In 1657, when the first Viscount died, Robert surrendered his peerage under the presumption that he was illegitimate (which could not be proven beyond doubt).
_	Heterosexism can include the presumption that everyone is heterosexual or that opposite-sex attractions and relationships are the norm and therefore superior.
_	Two undated inscriptions appear to be in a different dialect, termed Aequian by the scholars with the presumption that in fact they represent the language of the entire pre-Roman tribe.
_	Chazakah is the presumption that in case of doubt one may assume that the physical or legal status of the object (or person) in question remains constant.
_	Those sparse facts support the presumption that the boy′s hat had fallen into the water.
_	"The New York Times" Alessandra Stanley commented: "while the presumption that a woman can be either brainy or beautiful, or in this case, good or thin, but not both, is a bit primitive, the series has humor and charm beneath its facile message, in large part (no disrespect intended) to a subtle, winning performance by Ms. Elliott."
_	"This view of statutes depended critically on the presumption that procedures existed that could identify the purposes selected by the legislature without actually substantively evaluating those purposes."
_	The Court of Appeal pointed to the presumption that Parliament does not intend to legislate contrary to New Zealand’s international obligations, and therefore concluded that it is arguable that Parliament enacted the Equal Pay Act in order to comply with Convention 100, which it had ratified in 1983.
_	The test is based on the presumption that the legislative object itself is not in violation of the Constitution.
_	The court in that case held that Maynard's judicial acts were valid based on the presumption that his acceptance of the Supreme Court appointment constituted a resignation of his congressional office, and that it was up to Congress to address his continued occupation of that office.
_	Most "community property" states start with the presumption that community assets will be divided equally, whereas "equitable distribution" states presume fairness may dictate more or less than half of the assets will be awarded to one spouse or the other.
_	As the younger son of the 2nd Baronet, and under the presumption that ascending to the baronetcy was unlikely, Nairne pursued a career in law.
_	The Wee Chong Jin Commission had advocated for the Council to consider each bill after it had been introduced during its second reading, on the presumption that the Council would express views that would benefit the debate on the bill.
_	If a fragment is attached to a PURL of type "partial", should a PURL service assume that the fragment has meaning on the target URL or should it discard it in the presumption that a resource with a changed location may have also changed content, thus invalidating fragments defined earlier?
_	It is important to note that this legal question relies on the presumption that Mr. Vatsouras and Mr. Koupatantze were not workers within the meaning of article 45 TFEU.
_	Dubai expects an exponential rise in passenger traffic over its skies, with the presumption that it will become the primary air hub for transiting travelers from the Asia–Pacific Region, South Asia, Greater Middle East, Africa, Europe, and Australia (for the Kangaroo route: Australia to Britain and back).
_	The Sexual Offences Act 1993 (c.30) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that abolished the presumption that a boy under the age of fourteen is incapable of sexual intercourse.
_	In an essay published on his website, he writes that the separate mention of evisceration is a relatively modern device, and that while it certainly took place on many occasions, the presumption that "drawing" means to disembowel is spurious.
_	Neither 495 nor 532 may be treated as reliable, however, the latter date relies on the presumption that the Regnal List is correct in presenting the Kings of Wessex as having succeeded one another, with no omitted kings, no joint kingships, and that the durations of the reigns are correct as given.
_	The majority noted that although labour relations do not fall within section 91 or section 92 of the "Constitution Act, 1867", "Toronto Electric Commissioners v Snider" created the presumption that labour relations fall within provincial jurisdiction.
_	Like his characters, Palahniuk sometimes seems to be operating under the presumption that he can never sink too low, or vomit up too much.
_	Under Law of Property Act 1925 section 78, successors in title to the person named to benefit from the covenant are deemed to have standing to enforce the covenant and Law of Property Act 1925 section 79 codified the presumption that a covenant is to be not personal, but proprietary, and binding on successors in title.
_	The song referred to Conlan only by his last name, with the presumption that the listener would know he was referring to the famous umpire.
_	The lawsuit was reported on by the New York Post and local TV stations, as well as satired in The Onion and the Chronicle of Higher Education, which all made fun of the plaintiff for the presumption that the college was responsible for guaranteeing gainful employment.
_	On June 23, 2014, the Supreme Court affirmed the reasoning of "Basic Inc. v. Levinson", saying that it was not espousing any particular theory of markets, only the presumption that false statements can affect the price:
_	This procedure relies on the presumption that the protease permeates to the gel by the process of swelling.
_	Any new full-service station can displace an existing low-power translator or an independent LPFM station; regulations allow this on the presumption that the full-service broadcaster would be more likely to provide a local voice to the community of license.
_	This marriage held the presumption that Æthilric was, or would become, Christian, and probably also that he should at some time become King of East Anglia.
_	In 1996, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in "U.S. v. Armstrong" that disparity in conviction rates is not unconstitutional in the absence of data that "similarly situated" defendants of another race were disparately prosecuted, overturning a 9th Circuit Court ruling that was based on "the presumption that people of all races commit all types of crimes – not with the premise that any type of crime is the exclusive province of any particular racial or ethnic group", waving away challenges based on the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution which guarantees the right to be safe from search and seizure without a warrant (which is to be issued "upon probable cause"), and the Fourteenth Amendment which requires that all citizens be treated equally under the law.
_	Such offences were predicated on the presumption that a customer would not purchase illicit goods were he aware of their true provenance.
_	The court remanded the case to the trial court, instructing that "in accordance with the 'strict scrutiny' standard, the burden will rest on Lewin to overcome the presumption that HRS § 572-1 [the state's marriage statute] is unconstitutional by demonstrating that it furthers compelling state interests and is narrowly drawn to avoid unnecessary abridgments of constitutional rights."
_	A sentimental ballad, the song is sung in a first-person narrative from the point of view of a father to his young son under the presumption that the child is asleep and cannot hear what his father is trying to tell him.
_	The problems and solutions presented by the congress, inspired as they were by the movement, often revolved around the presumption that a unified African Negro Culture existed.
_	Heteronormativity describes how social institutions and policies reinforce the presumption that people are heterosexual and that gender and sex are natural binaries.
_	The policy option, described as a partial relaxation of economic action against Rhodesia, South Africa and Portugal, and derived from NSSM: 39, was based on the presumption that apartheid and colonial rule were an unpleasant but undeniable reality and that Washington should accommodate itself pragmatically to the "status quo".
_	There was included in the Act the presumption that all children in utero over 28 weeks gestation were capable of being born alive.
_	"[T]he court is constrained to agree with defendants," wrote Leighton, since the Flipside have overcome the presumption that the ordinance was valid only if it had shown the absence of a rational basis.
_	Without the presumption that utility is quantified, the "diminishing" of utility should not be taken to be itself an arithmetic subtraction.
_	The third war fought by Virarajendra against the Chalukyas was when Someshvara-I sent his son Vikramaditya VI to occupy Vengi on the presumption that due to the death of his old nemesis Rajendra-II, Vengi could be made subordinate to Western Chalukya rule.
_	Therefore, the Treaty language cannot overcome the presumption that title passed to the State of Montana.
_	Shorey's film review concludes with the presumption that Fenshaw returns to a place of "legalized vice" with Mrs. Bowers' permission.
_	It was duly transcribed as WINE JAR in Bennett's system, on the presumption that it would store primarily wine.
_	However, after Stifler redeemed himself he can be seen hanging around him leaving the presumption that they soon became friends after.
_	A similar account was reported by Reverend George Young, who was told by Major George Robinson that Scott was confined to a roughly made coffin on the presumption that he had died when shot on by the firing squad.
_	Soon after, he hires an army of pagan Danish mercenaries under the leadership of a warlord, Captain Tiberius, to restore John's absolute authority over the kingdom, under the presumption that the Pope has agreed to keep Christian missionaries out of their lands in Denmark.
_	The name stems from the presumption that this was the location of the heroon ("hero shrine") of Pandion, the eponymous hero of the Attic tribe Pandionis (usually assumed to be one of the two legendary kings of Athens, Pandion I or Pandion II), which was known to be located somewhere on the Acropolis.
_	Many armies decided to forage for food; however, foraging restricted movement because it is based on the presumption that the land the army moves over possesses significant agricultural production.
_	Hugh Pope then explained the identification of Mary of Bethany with Mary Magdalene by the presumption that, because of Jesus’ high praise of her deed of anointing him, it would be incredible that she should also not have been at his crucifixion and resurrection.
_	Rosenhead sees this definition as being intentionally "vague" allowing for "the protection of Israel" via "a side door" and thus "encouraging the presumption that criticism of Israel is likely to be antisemitic".
_	From the part of her family, the marriage was arranged with the presumption that Prince James would have a good change to be elected king of Poland after the death of his father.
_	Section Four discusses the principle (Bava Batra 23b) that in case of a conflict between the principle that we follow the majority ("Rov") and the presumption that if an object is found near a certain place we can assume the object originated in that place ("Karov") the law of "Rov" has decisive power.
_	Generally speaking, the farm industry disputes the presumption that CAFOs do discharge pollutants and it therefore objects to the pressure that the EPA places on CAFOs to voluntarily seek an NPDES permit.
_	Several media outlets reported that the single's release was cancelled due to major radio stations' reluctance to play the song, as well as the presumption that it would underperform in the charts.
_	Honecker's more fundamental miscalculation was the presumption that by closing East Germany's last open border he had finally imprisoned his country's citizens within their own borders and made it clear that there would be no reform whatsoever – a situation that most East Germans found intolerable.
_	Henry becomes the heir to the estate on the presumption that Jamie is dead.
_	Then-Governor of New York George Pataki signed legislation on August 14, 2006, to expand death benefits to Ground Zero workers who die from cancer or respiratory diseases, under the presumption that the cause was due to exposure during recovery efforts.
_	These cases required "clear, convincing, and unambiguous" evidence from the government to overcome "the presumption that all the preceding steps required by the law had been observed before its issue, [given] the immense importance and necessity of the stability of titles dependent upon these official instruments."
_	There has also been an intermediate amount of mining done at Barton Gulch for gold due to the presumption that the source of gold found in Barton Creek could have moved its way down the channel into the area.
_	The connection between conductor Serge Koussevitzsky’s foundation and the Boston Symphony Orchestra led to the presumption that he and that orchestra would give the premiere, but Kurt Frederick, conductor of the Albuquerque Civic Symphony Orchestra, had heard about "A Survivor from Warsaw" and wrote to Schoenberg to ask permission to do the honors, and Schoenberg agreed, stipulating that in lieu of their performance fee the New Mexico musicians should prepare a full set of choral and orchestral parts and send those to him.
_	For negotiation, communication operates under the presumption that it can “strategically exploit” meaning.
_	Nevertheless, analysis or interpretation of letters, journals, artwork, writings, or statements of family and friends of some historical personalities has led to the presumption that they may have had some form of depression.
_	He challenges the presumption that Jung psychoanalyzed Spielrien in any systematic way, reciprocated her feelings for long, saw her as his 'anima', or regarded her as a more significant figure than his other female partners of the time.
_	These results partially confirm the presumption that the macroeconomic forecasts for the past 10 years were severely affected by the pronounced shocks in that period.
_	Jewish Voice for Labour's information officer, Jonathan Rosenhead sees this definition as being intentionally "vague", allowing for "the protection of Israel" via "a side door" and thus "encouraging the presumption that criticism of Israel is likely to be antisemitic".
_	In the modern era, Catholic bishops rarely authorize exorcisms, approaching would-be cases with the presumption that mental or physical illness is more likely.
_	Another way of measuring the degree of economic interdependence is via a geopolitical approach, which is based on the presumption that economic interdependence may exist because states trade with each other to obtain strategic goods that are needed for national industry and defence.
_	The prediction came from research of the historical records from the area as well as the presumption that since the 1950 Medog earthquake enough slippage has taken place for a large earthquake to occur.
_	Based on the presumption that tetrodotoxin and related toxins are not always fatal, but at near-lethal doses can leave a person in a state of near-death for several days with the person remaining conscious, tetrodotoxin has been alleged to result in zombieism, and has been suggested as an ingredient in Haitian Vodou preparations.
_	Notably, § 362(i) provides that the presumption that the repeat filing was not in good faith would not arise in a “subsequent” case if a debtor’s prior case was dismissed “due to the creation of a debt repayment plan.
_	They were presumed to be exogastric on the presumption that their larger muscle scars were anterior, but it may be dangerous to compare these scars with molluscan musculature.
_	The committee of Lloyd's, at their meeting on 17 August 1921, posted the "Canastota" as missing, with the presumption that the ship had burnt at sea.
_	The Supreme casts doubt even on the presumption that the declaration is indeed a forgery, or rather suggests that the forgery could itself be forged: "Suppose that I myself am an author of pasquinades."
_	The debris pattern, combined with an initial interpretation of the aircraft's abrupt changes in altitude and airspeed, reinforced the presumption that the aircraft's tail separated during flight and fell separately.
_	Keep is one of several users of Facebook who were banned from the site on the presumption that their names aren't real, as they bear resemblance to the names of characters like Sesame Street's Elmo.
_	The act, however, does preserve the presumption that, as a general rule, two adequate and well-controlled studies are needed to prove the product's safety and effectiveness.
_	JVL's information officer, Jonathan Rosenhead sees this definition as being intentionally "vague", allowing for "the protection of Israel" via "a side door" and thus "encouraging the presumption that criticism of Israel is likely to be antisemitic".
_	Based on the presumption that tetrodotoxin is not always fatal, but at near-lethal doses can leave a person extremely unwell with the person remaining conscious, tetrodotoxin has been alleged to result in zombieism, and has been suggested as an ingredient in Haitian Vodou preparations.
_	Justice Stewart, concurring only in the judgment, accepted the majority's recognition of the presumption that parents act in their children's best interest, and stated that due to this presumption, Georgia's system did not violate the Constitution.
_	It is not clear, however, whether the corpse by the shore was Peter Tessem's or Paul Knutsen's; the golden watch with Tessem's name engraved on it led to the presumption that it was Tessem.
_	He wrote that there is no point in claiming rights for animals if we subordinate their rights to human interests, and he argued against the presumption that a human life necessarily has more value than a nonhuman one:
_	Tony Clarkin continued to write and record new ideas with the presumption that Sue McCloskey would take over Bob's position.
_	Heribert Busse writes "The only explanation is the presumption that Muhammad, in the heat of debate, wanted to accuse the Jews of heretical doctrine on a par with the heresy of the Christian doctrine that teaches the divine nature of Jesus.
_	These scenarios are based on the presumption that nobody can predict, and therefore should not try to predict the future.
_	Chiara Guidi explains that “We start from the presumption that superficial and pleasing things should not be done ... we must do something that hits, something that transforms.
_	The fateful encounter between Margaðr and Guthormr is sometimes dated to 1052 on the presumption that Margaðr is identical to Echmarcach, and that the event must have taken place at the conclusion of Echmarcach's second reign in Dublin.
_	The law allows insurable interest on the presumption that a personal connection makes the family member more valuable alive than dead.
_	The Berkeley ordinance in question, when applied to these facts, raised the presumption that the tenant moved out because of the owner move-in notice.
_	In response to prison overcrowding, the law was changed in 2008 to reduce the number of such sentences being passed, by restoring judicial discretion and abolishing the presumption that a repeat offender is dangerous.
_	The longer the relationship, the greater the presumption that the parties should have an equal standard of living.
_	Under the presumption that the large areas of dead pine stands represent a potential fire hazard, the BC government is directing fuel management activities in beetle areas as recommended in the 2003 Firestorm Provincial Review.
_	Most community property states start with the presumption that community assets will be divided equally, whereas "equitable distribution" states presume fairness may dictate more or less than half of the assets will be awarded to one spouse or the other.
_	Less commonly, there can be a failure in the presumption that a door breechlock ring cannot turn when the door is under pressure.
_	Early biblical archaeology was conducted with the presumption that the Bible must be true, finds only being considered as illustrations for the biblical narrative, and interpreting evidence to fit the Bible.
_	The situation saw Ken realise he was in a "loveless marriage" – a match made whilst feeling lonely and under the presumption that she was his last chance of happiness.
_	The UK government makes the presumption that workers on official strike action are being paid strike pay, and so they may not be entitled to state benefits.
_	Satish Chandra Mitra believed that Ballal Sena had decreed the Kapalis to be out castes, much like the Subarnabaniks, on the presumption that they were Buddhists.
_	In 1993, the rule that a husband could not rape his wife, the so-called marital rape exemption, was abolished; the presumption that a boy is incapable of committing rape was abolished in 1987.
_	Kepler defined inertia only in terms of a resistance to movement, once again based on the presumption that rest was a natural state which did not need explanation.
_	The examination has been criticised, on the grounds that it was conducted under the presumption that the bones were those of the princes and concentrated only on whether the bones showed evidence of suffocation.
_	At the time, NBC did not announce which stations would be used to carry the new service over-the-air, and WHDH's owner Sunbeam Television sued NBCUniversal under the presumption that it planned to only use WNEU, contending that doing so would have considerably reduced the ability of viewers to receive the network over the air in Boston, thus bolstering the cable services provided by NBC's parent company Comcast in the city.
_	Home state advantage, in electoral politics, and particularly in United States presidential elections, is the presumption that a candidate will receive a higher proportion of votes in their home state as compared to other states with similar population profiles.
_	The centers were established under the presumption that they would be fully occupied with publicly financed projects, but in reality they were forced to attempt to find various private projects and all had too much capacity.
_	Therefore, the presumption that the wine styles of Sauternes and Muscat had gone unchanged for the last 150 years was incorrect, and influenced the resulting conclusions of the oenological analysis.
_	An "aegrotat" (; ) degree is an honours or ordinary degree without classification, awarded under the presumption that, had a candidate who was unable to undertake their exams due to illness or even death completed those exams, they would have satisfied the standard required for that degree.
_	Freedom of information law should thus incorporates the presumption that all relevant meetings of governing bodies, i.e. those involved in decision-making, should be open to the public.
_	Pickles said he was determined to reverse the presumption that Whitehall knows best by making local councils directly accountable to the local taxpayer.
_	The invasion heavily relied on the presumption that Belgian and Liégois patriotic rebellions would break out spontaneously the moment French troops crossed the border, aiding them in driving out the Habsburg forces as they had done themselves 2.5 years before.
_	Nevertheless, many contemporary authorities have been driven to adopt a lenient view in the face of widespread public non-observance of the Shabbat, on the presumption that it does not indicate a deliberate denial of faith, but is rather a result of ignorance and succumbing to the pressure of social and economic conditions.
_	The Supreme Court reversed the Ninth Circuit’s decision, stating that the Ninth Circuit “conspicuously overstated” the scope and force of the presumption that general discovery rules apply unless Congress has expressly legislated otherwise.
_	Serving as the grounds for this is the presumption that the legendary figure Siegfried the Dragon Slayer, the main character in the Nibelungenlied, was murdered somewhere near the constituent community of Gras-Ellenbach by Hagen, at the "Siegfriedbrunnen" (“Siegfried’s Spring”).
_	Without the ability to recognize "00" as the beginning of the new century, computer programs that performed calculations related to inventory control, invoices, interest payments, pension payments, contract expirations, license and lease renewals, and myriad other tasks would generate false reports, create computer "bugs," and perhaps cause systemwide shutdowns, all under the presumption that "00" signified the year 1900.
_	The traces strengthen the presumption that the scene on the Scorpion macehead once contained the depiction of a second figure of the king, wearing the Red Crown of Lower Egypt.
_	Starting in 1982, funding was in fact reduced for those programs that were identified as successful in "Follow Through", perhaps on the presumption that funding would be better diverted to assisting failed programs.
_	Inferior vena cava filters (IVC filters) are used on the presumption that they reduce PE, although their effectiveness and safety profile are not well established.
_	He writes that "the West's road to hell lies in approaching the bin Laden problem with the presumption that only the lunatic fringe could oppose what the United States is trying to accomplish through its foreign policy toward the Muslim world.
_	Momus was dissuaded by Creation Records founder Alan McGee from naming it as such due to the presumption that Canadian distributor PolyGram would not release an album under that title.
_	Under the circumstance, Victor Ivan, began to delve into the character of the Attorney General himself on the presumption that he too, might be a corrupt person as much as the accused he was safeguarding.
_	The court remanded the case to the trial court, instructing that "in accordance with the 'strict scrutiny' standard, the burden will rest on Lewin to overcome the presumption that HRS § 572-1 [the state's marriage statute] is unconstitutional by demonstrating that it furthers compelling state interests and is narrowly drawn to avoid unnecessary abridgments of constitutional rights."
_	In "Commentary", he challenged the presumption that, as "Life" magazine's July 1985 cover declared in bold red letters, "Now No One Is Safe from AIDS."
_	He believed that this shifting was the product of an implicit attempt to balance the demands of task completion and group cohesion, under the presumption that conflict generated during task discussion causes stress among members, which must be released through positive relational talk.
_	The Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, which codified longstanding custom, operates under the presumption that the head of a diplomatic mission (i.e. ambassador or nuncio) of the sending state is accredited to the head of state of the receiving state.
_	They returned to their homes on the presumption that Francke was at a private dinner engagement.
_	It was mentioned several times through the course of the series, in such a way as to imply the presumption that it has a habitable world:
_	There is no solid evidence that she ever slept with Dudley, the presumption that she did is a product of court gossip.
_	The reason for this suggestion is that the court will take judicial notice of the fact that all Internet pages open from the upper left-hand quadrant, thus the defendant must overcome the presumption that the icon was viewed.
_	Parmar caused controversy in her Guardian column by claiming that her language degree had been a "waste of time", calling for more girls to challenge the presumption that there are 'girls subjects' and 'boys subjects' by taking up coding and pursuing degrees in the technology sector.
_	The standard that must be met by the prosecution's evidence in a criminal prosecution is that no other logical explanation can be derived from the facts except that the defendant committed the crime, thereby overcoming the presumption that a person is innocent unless and until proven guilty.
_	A latitat is a legal device, namely a writ, that is "based upon the presumption that the person summoned was hiding", see Blackstone.
_	So the presumption that the government must prove mens rea here applies with full force."
_	The test for deciding whether the amount was excessive as a matter of law or was so grossly disproportionate as to raise the presumption that it was the product of passion or prejudice is four-prong:
_	The Act also abolished rebuttable presumption that a child is "doli incapax" (the presumption that a person between ten and fourteen years of age is incapable of committing an offence) and formally abolished the death penalty for the last offences carrying it, namely treason and piracy.
_	This decision did not bar Ver from later obtaining a U.S. visa if he could overcome the presumption that he intended to immigrate.
_	The College describes itself as a 'voluntary community' and its discipline system is based on the presumption that boys fundamentally want to be there.
_	Thus, if a debtor purchases any single item for more than $500 within 90 days of filing, the presumption that the debt was incurred fraudulently and therefore non-dischargeable in the bankruptcy arises.
_	Therefore, a single usable heat transfer coefficient (one that does not vary significantly across the temperature-difference ranges covered during cooling and heating) must be derived or found experimentally for every system that can be analyzed using the presumption that Newton's law will hold.
_	Seeley, acting on the presumption that both finds belonged to the same species if not individual, combined the two series into one tail of about 4.5 metres length.
_	However, 'the presumption that many indices of “disorganisation” are aspects of organised patterns does not preclude acceptance of the notion of disorganisation, especially in cases where the complexity and dangerousness of the threat are beyond children's capacity for response'.
_	While he concluded that the colonies were subject to the crown, and that colonists should enjoy the rights of Englishmen, he questioned the presumption that total authority and government came through parliament and its laws.
_	Another theory, advanced by Kristian Sandfeld in 1930, was that these features were an entirely Greek influence, under the presumption that since Greece "always had a superior civilization compared to its neighbours", Greek could not have borrowed its linguistic features from them.
_	Presumed resulting trusts do arise, however, in one of three situations; where it is a voluntary gift, where there is a contribution to purchase price, and where the presumption that it was an outright gift can be rebutted.
_	In California, SB 589 was passed in 2015, which created the presumption that those under conservatorship can vote.
_	In those cases the patentee can overcome the presumption that prosecution history estoppel bars a finding of equivalence."
_	A critic of English defamation law, journalist Geoffrey Wheatcroft, attributes the practice to the introduction of no win no fee agreements, the presumption that derogatory statements are false, the difficulty of establishing fair comment and "the caprice of juries and the malice of judges."
_	It can include the presumption that other people are heterosexual or that opposite-sex attractions and relationships are the only norm and therefore superior.
_	Prior to this, the Motor Vehicles Act and Rules automatically disqualified deaf persons from obtaining licences on the presumption that deaf persons would be a danger to the public.
_	Early drift analysis, based on data collected over years from hundreds of buoys deployed by the Global Drifter Program of the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, worked on the presumption that currents in the southern portion of the Indian Ocean, around 40-50 degrees South latitude, flow to the east accompanied by predominately westerly winds.
_	Alternatively, the topic of idolatry has been a source of disagreements between many religions, or within denominations of various religions, with the presumption that icons of one's own religious practices have meaningful symbolism, while another person's different religious practices do not.
_	Although never actually observed, and unlikely to exist anywhere within the Milky Way, they have been hypothesized to exist, and their existence, on the presumption that hypothesis is correct, has been put forward as one possible explanation for various observed natural phenomena over the years.
_	It contains rules on trade unions functioning and legal status, the presumption that a collective agreement is not binding, and immunity of unions who take strike action in contemplation or furtherance of a trade dispute.
_	The name "Altekruse" is of Austrian-German origin and means "old-cross" in German, which led to the presumption that it was a pseudonym, but a man by that name immigrated to America in 1844 with his three brothers to avoid being drafted to the Prussian Army and is presumed to be the one who filed this patent.
_	In 1992 the Court convicted a man of the rape of his wife, stating that the presumption that spouses have consented to sexual acts that occur within marriage is only valid when the contrary is not proven.
_	The government's case relied on the presumption that Margiotta's influence over county government made him a public official subject to federal extortion laws, even though he was not an elected official.
_	Presumed resulting trusts do arise, however, in one of three situations: where it is a voluntary gift, where there is a contribution to purchase price, and where the presumption that it was an outright gift can be rebutted.
_	Thus, the presumption that the Yarmouth Soil, by which the Yarmouthian (Yarmouth) Interglacial was later defined, represents a single interglacial stage or period has been completely discredited.
_	It is based on the presumption that most, if not all, humans have innate psychic abilities, but simply do not know it and therefore do not make use of them.
_	He was named for his father's cousin, Count Matthew I of Nantes, perhaps on the presumption that he would inherit Nantes.
_	The charges of adultery against Theodora, the use of the term “harlot”, and the presumption that she was using her “feminine wiles” to prostitute herself in order to influence her husband and appoint numerous lovers to important posts were used to tarnish the rule of Theophylact and his successors.
_	The report methodology included interviews with victims and witnesses, investigations of the attack sites and IDF and media reports; the probes were based on the presumption that the impact mark and the fragmentation patterns were consistent with the Israeli-produced Spike missile that are used by the drones.
_	Invoking the concept as a cross-culturally valid anthropological category therefore rests on the presumption that the inverse category of "(true) kinship" built around consanguinity and affinity is similarly cross-culturally valid.
_	Most Roman emperors indicated their choice of successor, usually a close family member or adopted heir, and the presumption that the eldest or even a natural son would inherit was not enshrined.
_	There is the presumption that penetrating order will be issued to the parents of those under 16 who are committed of an offence unless it is felt as not desirable if so the court must state why.
_	The gangways were designed on the presumption that the trains would be semi permanently coupled, with coupling and uncoupling taking thirty minutes, however in existing operations trains were regularly coupled and uncoupled which had to be abandoned following the introduction of the new units.
_	An internal assessment report by the armed forces, published in an Indian magazine, showed several other failings, including "a sense of complacency" and being "unprepared for a conventional war" on the presumption that nuclearism would sustain peace.
_	This decrease, however, cannot lead to the presumption that there are not enough critical topics to write or report about.
_	This is supported by the press agentry/publicity model which is often used within the fashion, sporting and entertainment industry at which point follows the presumption that even bad news can be good publicity.
_	In the Early Christian Church, the presumption that the Septuagint was translated by Jews before the era of Christ, and that the Septuagint at certain places gives itself more to a christological interpretation than 2nd-century Hebrew texts was taken as evidence that "Jews" had changed the Hebrew text in a way that made them less christological.
_	The bill provides criminal immunity (WI statute 939.48(1m)) and protection from civil suits (WI statute 895.62 ) for homeowners or business owners who use a gun in self-defense while on their property, with the presumption that any action is justified.
_	No documentation exists regarding the facilities from 1913-1919, leading to the presumption that it was unoccupied during that time.
_	The first was to take the presumption that illegal use was intended in that kind of marketing, or at least take judicial notice.
_	Mothers' pensions (Title IV) based entitlements on the presumption that mothers would be unemployed.
_	These Scottish associations may have led to the presumption that Almack himself was a Scot.
_	Or rather, the presumption that a child cannot form mens rea as they do not yet have a sufficient understanding between "right and wrong".
_	Dourish and his team were drawn by these new settings to dismiss the presumption that "everyone is or wants to be just like us".
_	Episode 3 had been part of the same find, but by the end of protracted negotiations for the return of the film cans, the episode had disappeared from the cache, with the presumption that it was sold to a private collector.
_	The fatwa states: "According to the Muslim Hanefite, Shafi'ite, etc., the rule in Islamic law of forbidding or allowing foods and beverages is based on the presumption that such things are permitted unless it can be shown that they are forbidden on the basis of the Qur'an."
_	Simultaneously, Sevan labored to persuade Najibullah to step down on the presumption that his removal would bring about full mujahedin participation.
_	The primary argument put forward by States for restricting ballot access has been the presumption that setting ballot access criteria too low would result in numerous candidates on the ballot, splitting the votes of similar minded voters.
_	The city's public schools had been among the lowest-performing in the state, even after the state government took over management of the city's schools in 1995, which was done under the presumption that improvement would follow.
_	Hopes were high that this sonar target suggested that "Kalev" had been found and that the presumption that she sank as a result of hitting a mine near Cape Juminda was correct.
_	Conditioned on the presumption that the bronzes were fully authenticated and made from Degas's own plasters, the bronzes were estimated as being worth 37 million by a New York dealer in an appraisal Barry obtained in 2011 which the appraiser said was intended for Barry's private use only.
_	It concentrates on the "new prince", under the presumption that a hereditary prince has an easier task in ruling, since the people are accustomed to him.
_	However, "the presumption that many indices of 'disorganization' are aspects of organized patterns does not preclude acceptance of the notion of disorganization, especially in cases where the complexity and dangerousness of the threat are beyond children's capacity for response."
_	All ad populum fallacies are based on the presumption that the recipients already have certain beliefs, biases, and prejudices about the issue.
_	Based on the presumption that DoubleClick falls within the ambit of the Wiretap Statute, the court proceeded to determine whether DoubleClick was excluded from liability by virtue of the consent exception under the Wiretap Statute.
_	Express the presumption that among our people who are working hard to develop although they are under an increasingly heavy burden, there is a polarisation between those who want to "preserve Pancasila" on one side and those who want to "replace Pancasila" on the other, such that there are concerns that new conflicts could arise between elements of society;<br>
_	Context implies that the two aliens, upon departing Earth, left the cannon and pendant behind under the presumption that no other human would be able to use them as the green-skinned man had, but they have now learned that they were in error.
_	Iraqi soldiers said there was no organization intact by the time the United States entered Baghdad and that resistance crumbled under the presumption that "it wasn't a war, it was suicide."
_	The Prevention of Crime Act was created to under the presumption that banning weapons from all civilians, regardless of their intention, from public places would reduce violent crime, receiving the Royal Assent on 6 May 1953 and coming into force on 6 June.
_	He wrote that student body diversity was simply not important enough to override the presumption that race-based policies are unconstitutional.
_	The claim is based on the discovery of enlarged grains, absences of wild grains and on the presumption that the site was beyond the usual habitat of the wild variety of emmer wheat.
_	In the Early Christian Church, the presumption that the Septuagint (LXX) was translated by Jews before the era of Christ, and that the Septuagint at certain places gives itself more to a christological interpretation than 2nd-century Hebrew texts was taken as evidence that "Jews" had changed the Hebrew text in a way that made them less christological.
_	Sociologist Stanley Aronowitz scrutinizes science for operating with the presumption that the only acceptable criticisms of science are those conducted within the methodological framework that science has set up for itself.
_	The use Albo makes of medical illustrations creates the presumption that he was adept in medical science, which suggests that he may have practiced medicine.
_	We run it because "The Nation"s ad policy starts with the presumption that "we will accept advertising even if the views expressed are repugnant to those of the editors" ...
_	The main reason the service failed to penetrate and capture a portion of the video-on-demand market was the presumption that viewers would watch those movies that the network thought they would be interested in.
_	"I started with the presumption that it is for the people of Kashmir to decide their own future.
_	Five minor football clubs from the eastern part of Oslo decided to pool their resources into a single elite team, under the presumption that this one team would fare better at the higher levels of Norwegian football that what any of the clubs could ever achieve on their own.
_	The adverse inference is based upon the presumption that the party who controls the evidence would have produced it, if it had been supportive.
_	The Pentagon includes a five-acre (20,000 m) central plaza, which is shaped like a pentagon and informally known as "ground zero," a nickname originating during the Cold War on the presumption that it would be targeted by the Soviet Union at the outbreak of nuclear war.
_	Strickland believed in social service as a method of redefining the Christian religion, as a method of "Social Redemption", under the presumption that it could become the "most evangelical religion".
_	Problems with diet should be excluded before other treatments, and perhaps the regular food stock should be discarded and replaced on the presumption that it has spoiled.
_	On the presumption that the name was falsely altered by analogy, it can be reconstructed to *peninus, a Roman-Celtic word, considering that Celtic tribes owned the entire pass until defeated by the Romans.
_	In ancient Greece, public officials were elected for very limited terms of office and barred from re-election, on the presumption that too long an incumbency would lead to abuse of power.
_	He lands safely and they embrace, giving the presumption that she agreed to the proposal.
_	Program advocates warn potential LEM participants that, while there is no limitation on the use or ownership of automobiles, this program does not lower monthly payments to the mortgage company, and that the increased purchasing power is granted based on the presumption that the household is actually taking advantage of reduced car use.
_	Since these animals in widely separated groups have evolved separately, the similarity of coloration is due to convergent evolution, on the presumption that natural selection favours a particular coloration in a particular environment.
_	When filing separately, each spouse in effect not only has their own exemption phased out, but is also taxed on a second exemption too, on the presumption that the other spouse could be claiming that on their own separate MFS return.
_	They did not return to their ship, with the presumption that they had been murdered by aborigines.
_	The closed-world assumption (CWA), in a formal system of logic used for knowledge representation, is the presumption that a statement that is true is also known to be true.
_	No documentation exists regarding the facilities from 1913–1919, leading to the presumption that it was unoccupied during that time.
_	Due to Roman law, if a slave owner is murdered in his home, his slaves could be executed and his freedmen relegated, based on the presumption that they should have come to his defense.
_	Continuing his essay, Schechter gives also the reasons which speak against the presumption that Ḥiwi was the author of the fragments; he comes to the conclusion, however, that they at least emanated from the school of Ḥiwi.
_	This statement was based on the presumption that the Union Temple Association having problems selling stock to pay its mortgage and that the union secretary and assistance had not been paid in weeks was a sign of decreasing support for the union.
_	To further rebut the presumption that the circumstances of a general election are sufficient to give rise to an occasion of privilege, the Court also relied on section 14 of the Defamation Act which, at the time, provided thus:
_	This arises out of the presumption that Christian belief is a social norm, that leads to the marginalization of the nonreligious and members of other religions through institutional religious discrimination or religious persecution.
_	As to the merits of the case, the majority first has to overcome the presumption that "Baker v. Nelson" controls the case.
_	Dr. William Hunter CB FRSE (1861-1937) was a British surgeon known primarily for his theories on oral sepsis, one of the inspirations for the Henry Cotton theory of focal sepsis which led to the increased number of tooth extractions and tonsillectomies in the 1910s and 20s (under the presumption that hidden sepsis could lead to a wider health decline in individuals).
_	Drosselmeyer is sleeping at his work desk (with the presumption that the dream was not Clara's but his), on which we see the dancers performing the waltz.
_	In negotiations it is not even exchanged, on the presumption that the standard terms will always be used.
_	Besides, the presumption that a nomadic society, such as the Sarakatsani, would abandon its language, then translate all of its verbal tradition into Greek and create within a few generations a separate Greek dialect, has to be assumed with caution.
_	Deprogrammers generally operate on the presumption that the people they are paid to extract from religious organizations are victims of mind control (or brainwashing).
_	In 1997, the northbound toll was doubled (from 40p to 80p) and the southbound toll abolished on the presumption that almost all traffic makes a return journey across the bridge, and that the removal of the southbound toll would result in a reduction of congestion without reducing revenue.
_	In fact, except during a journey, it is likely that the Arkansas Supreme Court would allow the presumption that a person who has flouted the concealed-carry licensing scheme in Arkansas law by possessing a concealed handgun without a concealed-carry license has the requisite unlawful intent for a violation of § 5-73-120(a).
_	In the meanwhile some of them could start taking drugs with the presumption that it could boost their productivity and ability to concentrate or with the aim to get rid of depressions from working all the time.
_	The right of women to vote was seen by the female participants in the organization as part-and-parcel of the cause for peace, based on the presumption that women were inclined by nature to be oriented towards the nurturing of human life.
_	The dialogue framework required to support the pragmatic theory of fallacy is built on the presumption that argumentative dialogue has both an adversarial component and a collaborative component.
_	In literature, the term Gothic double refers to a duality within a character, mostly the protagonist or a major character, based on the presumption that this duality centers on the polarity of good and evil.
_	The Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) starts with the presumption that the benefit is received in the individual’s capacity as a shareholder.
_	It next looked to the record to ascertain whether any facts rebutted the presumption that the 30% and 78% market shares created, but "nothing in the record of this case [] rebut[s] the inherently anticompetitive tendency manifested by these percentages.
_	According to astrophysicist and mathematics popularizer Mario Livio, since the publication of Luca Pacioli's "Divina Proportione" in 1509, when "with Pacioli's book, the Golden Ratio started to become available to artists in theoretical treatises that were not overly mathematical, that they could actually use", many artists and architects have been fascinated by the presumption that the golden rectangle is considered aesthetically pleasing.
_	According to Schulz, administrators were, at the time, operating on the presumption that the district would close circa 1996 to 1998.
_	As applied to self-defense situations inside the home, the Couch ruling establishes the presumption that an aggressor unlawfully entering an occupied dwelling intends to inflict bodily harm on a homeowner or lawful occupant, thereby justifying the use of lethal force in such situations.
_	However, 'the presumption that many indices of "disorganisation" are aspects of organised patterns does not preclude acceptance of the notion of disorganisation, especially in cases where the complexity and dangerousness of the threat are beyond children's capacity for response'.
_	At the same Defence Committee meeting, Oswald spoke "to counter the presumption that older ships get noisier.
_	Groups such as the Center for Food Safety, the nonprofit science advocacy group Union of Concerned Scientists, Greenpeace and the World Wildlife Fund have expressed concerns about the FDA's lack of a requirement for additional testing for GMO's, lack of required labeling and the presumption that GMO's are "Generally Recognized as Safe" (GRAS).
_	Although the Nuremberg Court relied on the presumption that Mr. Vatsouras and Mr. Koupatantze were not workers within the meaning of article 45 TFEU, the European Court of Justice nonetheless expanded on the question of whether or not they should have been qualified as workers.
_	The Act contains rules on the functioning and legal status of trade unions, the presumption that a collective agreement is not binding, and immunity of unions who take strike action in contemplation or furtherance of a trade dispute.
_	Szőke's theory, the detailed description of the Magyars by western contemporary sources and the immediate Hungarian intervention in local wars give the presumption that the Hungarians had already lived on the eastern territories of the Carpathian Basin since the middle of the 9th century.
_	On 15 August 2010, the police opened an investigation on the presumption that it was first degree murder.
_	A procedural legitimate expectation by an individual or group rests on the presumption that the decision-maker will follow a certain procedure in advance of a decision being taken.
_	Lubbock created such concepts as savages and barbarians based on the customs of then modern tribesmen and made the presumption that the terms can be applied without serious inaccuracy to the men of the Paleolithic and the Neolithic.
_	Resulting publications that include conclusions based on the presumption that the letter was authentic are still available and may influence the opinions of those seeking information on "deep Mormon doctrine" or evidence to support a naturalistic or magical historical view of Mormonism or Joseph Smith.
_	Thus, the party attacking a board decision as uninformed must rebut the presumption that its business judgment was an informed one."
_	In "Re B (Adult: Refusal of Medical Treatment)" (2002) 2 AER 449 the presumption that an adult has full capacity can be rebutted if:
_	These findings are compatible with the presumption that BlyA functions as a membrane-active holin.
_	The one extreme has the profit on the deal taken straightaway that the new house is sold, on the presumption that the old house will sell for its exchange value.
_	"There was certainly no clear evidence from the onion fields to support the presumption that speculative markets got prices right."
_	"Variety" film critic Justin Chang wrote that the film's narrative structure was unable to handle the philosophical dimension of the plot, and that "Prometheus" was lazily deferring key plot points under the presumption that a sequel would be made.
_	Just as legal systems work on the presumption that a person is innocent until proven guilty, individuals accused of crimes should not be presumed incompetent simply because a doctor or psychiatrist labels them as such.
_	The FBI launched a money laundering investigation, on the presumption that the JDL was extorting money from Ruthless Records and several rap artists, including Tupac Shakur and Eazy-E. Heller has speculated that the FBI did not investigate these threats because of the song "Fuck Tha Police".
_	The ability of astronauts to obtain much life insurance was limited, so they signed hundreds of postal covers before they left, on the presumption that they would become highly valuable in the event of their death.
_	In some cases, a referee might disqualify a person under the presumption that it was that wrestler who knocked him out; most referee knockouts are arranged to allow a wrestler, usually a heel, to gain an advantage.
_	Gaughan himself says he is the composer, stating "So far as I am aware, I actually composed it and am highly flattered by the presumption that it is traditional, with people claiming to have known it for several decades, if not centuries...if someone can provide a printed or recorded source to prove the existence of this tune prior to 1979 then I'd be delighted to acknowledge that I unconsciously used a traditional tune."
_	An experimental study in the isolated rat uterus has led to the presumption that cyclobuxine has an inhibitory effect (a decrease in peak tension and duration) on acetylcholine, oxytocin and Ba2+-induced contraction of the smooth muscle, which may be due to blocking of potassium-activated calcium channels, voltage-sensitive calcium channels.
_	The argument starts with the presumption that advertising is less effective than it has been, and that the only way now to gain attention in a market is to not only market a product in a remarkable manner, but also to have a remarkable product to the market.
_	"Adam's ale" means unadulterated water, based on the presumption that the biblical first man Adam had only water to drink in the Garden of Eden.
_	places the burden of proof for relinquishment of citizenship "upon the person or party claiming that such loss occurred, to establish such claim by a preponderance of the evidence", and establishes the presumption that a potentially-expatriating act was performed voluntarily.
_	It's just the presumption that the writer kind of knew someone..."
_	The court thought that, where the writ gives all the names of the parties as they are found in the record of the case in the circuit court, and where there is nothing to show that any other person was a party than such as are so named, the court is not at liberty to indulge the presumption that there were others who were parties, when such presumption is not founded on anything in the record and would lead to a manifest injustice.
_	This story led to the presumption that the artist was HIV positive, subsequently confirmed in a 2008 interview.
_	In the 16th century, the "rederijkerskamers", learned literary societies founded throughout Flanders and Holland from the 1420s onward, attempted to impose a Latin structure on Dutch, on the presumption that Latin grammar had a "universal character."
_	Members of the fat acceptance movement perceive negative societal attitudes as persistent, and as being based on the presumption that fatness reflects negatively on a person's character.
_	And while the 340B program lowers outpatient drug costs for qualifying hospitals on the presumption that it will help significant numbers of vulnerable, uninsured patients, participating hospitals currently see no restrictions on the way they spend the revenue generated if they charge both insured and uninsured patients higher prices than the 340B-discounted price.
_	In a scene cut from the episode, the crew celebrate Wesley's 16th birthday on the presumption that he wouldn't be on the ship at the time due to joining the Academy.
_	This finding agrees with the presumption that a CEO attempting to hide poor performance exerts herself more forcefully to persuade her listeners.
_	It requires that the trier of fact, be it a juror or judge, begin with the presumption that the state is unable to support its assertion.
_	● A Note in the "Berkeley Technology Law Journal" agreed with the Ninth Circuit's legal standard on remand that it would "allow the presumption that IP rights constitute a legitimate business justification for exclusionary conduct and allow the antitrust plaintiff to rebut it."
_	Fielding also satirizes the presumption that a woman could write of dramatic, ongoing events ("He comes abed now, Mama.
_	After arguing that both ASCAP and BMI were showing bias towards international broadcasters who own terrestrial radio stations, Pandora announced on June 11, 2013 that it would attempt to acquire KXMZ, a radio station in South Dakota, under the presumption that doing so would allow it to access the same preferential licensing terms offered to services such as iHeartRadio (which is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc., itself America's largest radio broadcaster).
_	Further criticism extends to the presumption that behavior increases only when it is reinforced.
_	Centralcasting is a form of broadcast automation which operates on the presumption that large quantities of content are similar and are handled in a consistent or repetitive manner across multiple stations in a broadcast station group.
_	The Burmese and Lao Chronicles record only the presumption that he died in battle.
_	"I really resent the presumption that I'm going there to play to right-wing Nazi Jews.
_	Assuming a merge had occurred, Shii Ann from Sook Jai decided to switch allegiances to the Chuay Gahn alliance under the presumption that she was being ostracized by her tribe.
_	On the presumption that no two species are identical in all respects (called Hardin's 'axiom of inequality') and the competitive exclusion principle, "some" resource or adaptive dimension will provide a niche specific to each species.
_	According to Harris, the 19th-century anthropologists were theorizing under the presumption that the development of society followed some sort of laws.
_	Neither from the one nor from the other does one come across reliable, older information, leading to the presumption that such primarily only small hamlets as these, subservient to Castle Lauterecke, have since grown into one village community.
_	Analysis of the results and the panel statements by higher education policy thinktank Wonkhe noted that the University of Nottingham, which had a positive flag for highly-skilled employment and a negative flag for student satisfaction, was awarded gold, "the presumption that a negative flag would rule out Gold hav[ing] been overturned by the panel, perhaps because the TEF guidance also steered the panel away from over-reliance on NSS scores."
_	Arundel applied in 1897 to the British Colonial Office for a licence to work the island on the presumption that the USA had abandoned their claim.
_	Initially known as St. George's Tower, it was constructed in the late 18th century on the order of then Lieutenant Governor Charles O'Hara, under the presumption that it would be useful in observing the enemy at the Port of Cadiz.
_	This bill, introduced by Assemblymembers Jackie Goldberg, Christine Kehoe, Paul Koretz, John Laird, and Mark Leno, created the presumption that domestic partners were to have all of the rights and responsibilities afforded spouses under state law.
_	The fact that she never married and became a nun, supports the presumption that at the time of her father's death in 1194 her future wasn't decide.
_	The urban legend of cow tipping relies upon the presumption that cattle are slow-moving, dim-witted, and weak-legged, thus easily pushed over without much force.
_	He had been acting as informal legal counsel to another student who had been denied fraternity membership due to the presumption that he was gay.
_	Those common law principles include those of statutory interpretation, such as the presumption that statutes do not operate retroactively (also codified in the Hong Kong Bill of Rights Ordinance), the doctrine that criminal enactments are to be strictly interpreted, the presumption that mens rea is required in a criminal offence, and the presumptions against a derogation of vested rights, ousting the court's jurisdiction, deprivations of private property without compensation and the presumption that the Legislature does not intend to legislate contrarty to the State's international obligation.
_	A procedural legitimate expectation rests on the presumption that a public authority will follow a certain procedure in advance of a decision being taken, while a substantive legitimate expectation arises where an authority makes a lawful representation that an individual will receive or continue to receive some kind of substantive benefit.
_	"We work from the presumption that there should be not a gap between academic excellence and athletic excellence," he told author William C. Rhoden.
_	When BSP workers garlanded Mayawati with currency notes on the occasion of the party's silver jubilee celebrations coinciding with BSP founder Kanshi Ram’s birth anniversary on March 15, 2010, Indian news channels and newspapers purported to expose the event as a ‘scandal’ on the presumption that the Chief Minister had publicly committed an act of corruption that was being flaunted openly and declaring that the garland of currency notes was made from money through corrupt means and not from donations of Bahujan Samaj Party supporters as Mayawati, her Ministers and supporters claimed.
_	These burials may be an attempt to emphasize for ideological reasons his descent from the Scipios; on the other hand, the latter speculation seems a harsh view of a man who, on the presumption that he was emotionally normal, must have been in grief at the death of his child.
_	On the presumption that "recently" means within a year, Strabo stopped writing that year or the next (AD 24 ), when he died.
_	Groups such as the Union of Concerned Scientists and Center for Food Safety that have expressed concerns about the FDA's lack of a requirement for additional testing for GMO's, lack of required labeling and the presumption that GMO's are "Generally Recognized as Safe" (GRAS), have questioned whether the FDA is too close to companies that seek approval for their products.
_	The analogy makes the presumption that relations between individuals and relations between states are the same.
_	FERA therefore proceeded on the presumption that all foreign exchange earned by Indian residents rightfully belonged to the Government of India and had to be collected and surrendered to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
_	Heterosexism can include the presumption that everyone is heterosexual or that opposite-sex attractions and relationships are the norm and therefore superior.
_	Following this reasoning, early FCC regulations reflected the presumption that "it would not be in the public's interest for a single entity to hold more than one broadcast license in the same community.
_	The foundation for the preceding rule is the presumption that employers do not give employees items of value out of "detached and disinterested generosity" due to the existing employment relationship.
_	It's leaders vacillated between making official the national independence of the State and the presumption that they represented the whole Nation.
_	This practice has its basis in the presumption that investors act rationally and without biases, and that at any moment they estimate the value of an asset based on future expectations.
_	Analysts stated that the Porter's retrial could have caused problems for the other trials, under the presumption that he could not be compelled to testify while there are pending charges against him.
_	Thus, the party attacking a board decision as uninformed must rebut the presumption that its business judgment was an informed one.
_	District Court Judge James Ware heard arguments on the motion on June 13 and denied it the next day, writing that "the presumption that Judge Walker, by virtue of being in a same-sex relationship, had a desire to be married that rendered him incapable of making an impartial decision, is as warrantless as the presumption that a female judge is incapable of being impartial in a case in which women seek legal relief."
_	This huge undertaking failed for lack of funds, but it established the presumption that the part of this route west of Exeter, the "Central Route", was the natural choice, and that the coastal route was not.
