_	In October, he left Spain for New York, where he refused to leave Mary's apartment on the pretext that he was being watched.
_	In January 1942, the Hungarian army and gendarmerie undertook a major raid in southern Bačka, during which they massacred 2,550 Serbs, 743 Jews and 47 other people in places such as Bečej, Srbobran and Novi Sad, under the pretext that they were searching for Partisans.
_	His first film was a puppet play short, "A Girl at Dojo Temple" ("Musume Dojoji" 1946), which was confiscated by the interim U.S. Occupation authorities under the pretext that it was too "feudal", though some sources suggest the script had not been approved by the occupying authorities.
_	However, the referendum was again marred by reports of vote rigging on the part of the French authorities, with some 10,000 Somalis deported under the pretext that they did not have valid identity cards.
_	At Satriale's, Tony tries to bait Perry into a confrontation under the pretext that he slammed the refrigerator doors but he does not respond.
_	The Royal Audiencia swore loyalty to the Regency Council, in defiance to the Junta, so they were summoned, along with former viceroy Cisneros, and exiled to Spain with the pretext that there was a threat to their lives.
_	An account of the incident has it that Kendrick had clamped two chiefs to the base of a cannon and threatened to kill them both unless the Indians let him have all of their skins for the price that Kenrick set on the pretext that laundry had been stolen.
_	In 2009, Asma al-Ghul, a female Palestinian journalist, stated that Hamas policemen attempted to arrest her under the pretext that she came to a Gaza beach dressed immodestly and was seen laughing in public.
_	In the opening sequence, Stiles narrates the changes were made on the pretext that restaurant staff have grown more aware of the show and the company, and became more savvy in their scams.
_	The four hijackers, fearful of United States military intervention, surrendered to Egypt in return for safe passage out of Egypt, based on the pretext that they had done no harm to any of the passengers.
_	Using the pretext that a UDA commander wished to speak with her, Graham was able to abduct Ogilby and her daughter Sharlene as they left the office; Ogilby, taken in by Graham's words, willingly got into his blue minibus.
_	Dombey sought at once to replace this loss, and soon had in readiness a second shipment, but the authorities of Callao confiscated over 300 original designs of rare plants on the pretext that works of native artists were not permitted to be exported to foreign countries.
_	One marriage in Britain was annulled on the pretext that the bride had run away within 15 minutes of the ritual, and in another case, a clandestine marriage was made public when the pregnant wife shared her husband's deathbed.
_	Orsborne was asked to present the ship's papers at the British consulate but, on the pretext that he needed to test the engines, he rapidly put to sea.
_	The exchange would be denounced by the American Second Continental Congress and the arrangement reneged upon under the pretext that abuses had been committed by Forster's men.
_	Despite the part of the August 1921 instruction about combating all religions, the state took a particular hardline against the Orthodox church on the pretext that it was a legacy of the Tsarist past (this difference in practice and policy may also have reflected internal disagreement among the party leadership, particularly between Stalin and Trotsky).
_	Even after he becomes an officer, they still beat him on the pretext that "He has a gun".
_	Saturninus decided to use the confusion of the shifting loyalties of the legions and tried to have killed the well-liked Tettius Julianus, a partisan of Vespasian in his legion, and brother-in-law of Vespasian's finance minister, on the pretext that Tettius was actually a secret Vitellius supporter.
_	According to Satprem (see note to "On Pavitra and Pavitra's Death"), Pavitra left memoirs of his conversations with Sri Aurobindo and Mother in 1925 and 1926, large parts of which were destroyed (almost a third of Pavitra's notebooks) by his closest collaborator, with the pretext that it would be "better left unsaid".
_	Under the pretext that they are part of the PA, Israel closed many Palestinian NGOs since 2001.
_	A 2005 report on extra judicial executions by the New York University School of Law indicated that BOPE was involved in the deaths of 4 teenagers under the pretext that they were drug traffickers who were resisting arrest: "BOPE officers falsified the crime scene in order to incriminate the victims.
_	The resourceful Lind was even able to gain use of the only eight track recorder in Sweden at that time at the Swedish National Radio station, on the pretext that he was interested in buying one himself and wanted to test it.
_	On 6 December 1567, he was deprived of this office, in favour of Sir James Balfour, by the regent Murray, on the pretext that the act of institution required it to be held by a person of the spiritual estate.
_	Under the pretext that the Hungarian uprising might incite his nation's own revolt, Gheorghiu-Dej took radical measures which meant persecutions and jailing of various "suspects", especially people of Hungarian origin.
_	The Hungarian government used the pretext that Yugoslavia had ceased to exist, and therefore make the claim that Hungary was not invading it — and on that basis the Hungarian Army crossed the frontier on 11 April.
_	ISIL arrested the man under the pretext that he was a homosexual.
_	The Bedouin claims for ownership on lands in the Negev were, by and large, rejected by the Israeli authorities, on the pretext that the ownership is not appropriately documented or that the lands claimed are not eligible to private ownership.
_	She drafted designs and obtained umbrella spokes from an industrial source on the pretext that she was designing a lampshade.
_	On proceeding to Arauco he was detained a prisoner on the pretext that war had broken out between Spain and England.
_	Under the pretext that the courtroom was too small, the public was not allowed to witness the trial and only a small number of journalists were allowed inside.
_	Despite the August 1921 instruction, the state took a very hard line against the Orthodox Church on the pretext that it was a legacy of the Tsarist past (the difference in practice and policy may have reflected internal disagreement among the party leadership).
_	In June 1656 he deserted Buckingham, on the pretext that the duke did not "rightly submit to the king".
_	On 17 March, the Hungarian Foreign Ministry told Germany that Hungary wanted to negotiate with the Slovaks over the eastern Slovak boundary on the pretext that the existing line was only an internal Czechoslovak administrative division, not a recognized international boundary, and therefore needed defining now that Carpatho-Ukraine had passed to Hungary.
_	Not long afterwards, the Qing court, as part of its policy of centralization, decided to abolish Pingnan Feudatory under the pretext that Shang Zhixin was "difficult to control".
_	As a result, he once stated that he prefers "Skylab II" over its predecessor, under the pretext that "["Skylab II"] is 100% Skylab.
_	The community of Ford City first made national headlines on August 22, 1917, when hundreds of French Canadian parishioners mourning the death of their nationalist pastor, Fr. Lucien Alexandre Beaudoin, formed a blockade refusing to admit their newly appointed priest, Fr. François Xavier Laurendeau, on the pretext that they believed he was in favour of the provincial school policy, Regulation XVII, which had severely restricted the use of French in the area`s bilingual schools.
_	Domingos Fernandes da Silva attempted to acquire the lands judicially, under the pretext that the lands were part of his property in 1816.
_	Police became concerned with Singh's influence on youths and arrested him in May 1927 on the pretext that he had been involved in a bombing that had taken place in Lahore in October 1926.
_	The player is tasked by Wellan to travel to the center of the MadMaze and recruit the help of a wizard named Moraziel, on the pretext that only with his help can the Mad One be defeated.
_	The unjust person is never relieved of the responsibility of these acts under the pretext that the injustice is done against a heterodox and not to a believer.
_	Skanderbeg grew agitated from the Venetian subtleties and threatened a renewed war against Venice under the pretext that the Senate had not been annually paying the 1,400 ducats promised to the Albanian in 1448.
_	However, on the long journey, the gendarmes, French police officers, that guarded him, shot and killed him under the pretext that he had attempted to escape.
_	On December 21, 2009, CNN broadcast an interview with a former Basij militaman, identified only as Seyed (who had fled from Iran), who admitted that the Basij did indeed rig the results of the votes (under the pretext that it was the Supreme Leader's wish for Ahmadinejad to be president, and henceforth God's wish and fulfilling this was a duty for God), by placing votes requested by the disabled and the illiterate for Ahmadinjad, not counting votes for Mousavi at all, confirmed allegations of ballot box stuffing.
_	The treasury was originally held on the island of Delos but Pericles moved it to Athens under the pretext that Delos wasn't safe enough.
_	Some peasants were arrested under the pretext that they were communists, though very few of them were.
_	Around 1425, James I deprived Malise Graham of the Earldom of Strathearn, on the pretext that he had inherited from his mother.
_	Franz von Papen got President Hindenburg to remove the elected Prussian state government under Otto Braun on the pretext that it had lost control of public order.
_	She couriered secret information and set up meetings as well as securing the necessary four berths on a train leaving Philadelphia under the pretext that these berths were for her sick brother and family members.
_	Upon her return from France to Egypt in 1940, Shafik hoped to contribute to the education of her country's youth, but the dean of the Faculty of Literature of Cairo University denied her a teaching position on the pretext that she was "too modern."
_	The efforts of Henry VIII of England to get rid of his wife Catherine on the pretext that their marriage was contrary to the Biblical law, and that the dispensation obtained from Pope Julius II was invalid, involved Mantino in difficulties.
_	Under the pretext that they would wait three years before paying the accumulated tribute at one time, Skuld assembled a large army which included strong warriors, criminals, elves and norns.
_	Subsequently, he was replaced by Major Robert Anderson, who was chosen by Floyd on the pretext that he was younger but ultimately for diplomatic reasons, as Anderson was a former slave-owner from Kentucky and was married to the daughter of a famous Georgian politician and war veteran.
_	Rangoji withdrew to Borsad with the Rupees 80,000 under the pretext that when the remaining Rupees 20,000 were paid he would take action.
_	Captains Coëtnempren, Gras-Préville, Brach, Cuers de Cogolin, Duplessis de Grénédan, and a number of other officers, were later sentenced to death and executed, under the pretext that they have thwarted a plan to intercept a Dutch convoy.
_	In 1934, the SPO, under the leadership of Albert Streiff and George Buickerood, lead the state organization out of the Socialist Party of America under the pretext that the SPA was "too radical."
_	attempted to arrest her under the pretext that she came to a Gaza beach dressed immodestly and was seen laughing in public...
_	In 1977 White asked her to return the approximately 400 letters that he had sent to her, on the pretext that they would help him write "The Twyburn Affair", but he subsequently burned them.
_	Over time and according and dictated by need, Greeks were captured and held in slavery as "schismatics", or on the pretext that they would trade with the Turks.
_	This agreement was soon violated by Ptolemy and Cassander based on the pretext that garrisons had been placed in some of the free Greek cities by Antigonus.
_	The studio obtained industrial-grade nitrous oxide—pure, not mixed with oxygen as it is for dental anesthesia—from a local chemical supply company under the pretext that the gas was critical to the recording process, and fresh tanks were delivered weekly.
_	The story has been cited as an example of "manipulative systems" in Wolfe's work, in that the mercenaries are lured into landing in a castle on the pretext that they will be provided with straw for fuel, only to be told that they must first defend the castle from attackers; Thomas D. Clareson observed that despite the story ending with an imminent attack by raiders, no detail of battle are provided.
_	Lea managed to gain entry under the pretext that he wished to board his daughter there, and he surprised Corder in the parlour.
_	Under the pretext that he wants to protect Siegfried, Hagen convinces Kriemhild to reveal the only spot where impenetrable Siegfried may be wounded.
_	Albert of Louvain was elected Bishop of Liège in 1191, but Emperor Henry VI, on the pretext that the election was doubtful, gave the see to Lothair of Hochstadt.
_	The case was dismissed on the pretext that because the location of the bodies of the murdered students and professors was unknown, the courts had no way of knowing if they ever actually existed.
_	On the assassination of Busnash and the anti-Jewish riots which followed it, the firm "Bakri Busnash" became insolvent; and David himself was thrown into prison under the pretext that the firm owed the regency a sum of five million francs.
_	At the same time, the empire's fleet was on its way to Alexandria, where it was handed over to Muhammad Ali by its commander Ahmed Fevzi Pasha, on the pretext that the young sultan's advisers had sided with Russia.
_	Authorities then incited civilians to burn the homes of Tutsi, under the pretext that there was a larger plan to exterminate the Hutu.
_	A Socialist Theatre in Enzeli was razed to the ground by a police-led mob on the pretext that during a performance of "Tartuffe" a female actor had been on stage whilst in Tehran the Patriotic Women's Society was stoned and their library burnt down.
_	Hollande rejected the suggestion, and said: "Calling into question the Touquet deal on the pretext that Britain has voted for Brexit and will have to start negotiations to leave the Union doesn't make sense."
_	Under the pretext that daylight saving time would save energy, the Egyptian government decided on 7 May 2014 to reinstate summer time with an exception for the holy month of Ramadan.
_	A short time later, in 1957, under the pretext that the water at Pearce Lake was contaminated, the municipal authorities moved them to a site adjacent to John Lake, some four miles (6 km) north-north-east of Schefferville, where they lived without benefit of water sewage, or electricity, and where, despite their hopes in coming to Schefferville, there was no school for their children and no medical facility.
_	The Junta summoned them, along with former viceroy Cisneros, and exiled them to Spain with the pretext that there was a threat to their lives.
_	This led them to smuggle her out of Indonesia to Singapore in 1947, officially on the pretext that the Dutch would try to arrest her at the first opportunity.
_	Immediately after committing Jamaican troops to Grenada in 1983, Seaga called a snap election – two years early – on the pretext that Dr Paul Robertson, General Secretary of the PNP, had called for his resignation.
_	Equipping him with a prosthesis (the rings of Vondramach Okk, a tyrant who once ruled ten planets and employed of one of Marq's ancestors) that restores the initiative he lost due to the RAT procedure, the Web sends Rat Korga to Velm under the pretext that he is a student, and he and Marq begin a romantic and sexual affair.
_	The king is slowly convinced that he must sacrifice his daughter Iphigenia for the gods to be satisfied and Iphigenia is brought to Aulis under the pretext that she is to marry Achilles, the Greek hero.
_	However, as with the previous referendum of 1958, the plebiscite was again marred by reports of vote rigging on the part of the French authorities, with some 10,000 Somalis deported under the pretext that they did not have valid identity cards.
_	It was demolished on the pretext that illegal rave parties were held there.
_	Radl is then arrested and summarily executed by firing squad, under the pretext that he "exceeded his orders to the point of treason".
_	An example of the Soviet interference occurred during the pilgrimage in 1979, when the government blocked all of the roads to Šiluva under the pretext that an epidemic of swine fever was rampant in the vicinity.
_	When Doraiswami’s men capture Muthaiyan and keep him a prisoner on the pretext that he had hurled stones at Doraiswami’s prized bull when he had caught it grazing on his crops, Sivakami comes to his rescue.
_	Despite being reprimanded, Africans continued to practice this martial art, on the pretext that it was just a dance.
_	The JNA imposed a blockade of the Plitvice Lakes police station on 1 July, on the pretext that the Croatian police had abducted and imprisoned two JNA officers.
_	The police surrounded the house of the mother of Melitón Muñiz the president of the Peñuelas Nationalist Party, under the pretext that he was storing weapons for the Nationalist Revolt.
_	This is followed by some funny nd cute challenges after one week Krishna tells sagar that she had to write about a favorite family member she wrote about sagar nd speaks a beautiful speech in front of school nd all family members gangaa is emotional nd she plans to take Krishna to her village nd vl being her home soon but sagar comes nd Krishna cries as she doesn't want to leave her father gangaa comes home on the pretext that she need to take some things sagar plans to go to London for some days gangaa is shocked to hear this but she doesn't stop him nd he leaves.
_	The French government tried again to block them, working for the invalidation of the mandate of the deputies Rossé and Ricklin, on the pretext that the presidential pardon had not granted their complete civic rights.
_	Tong Tao immediately asked for a recess on the pretext that he had new evidence to reorganise and present to the court.
_	Eventually the Germans caught all but three prisoners, and to make an example of them to all the other prisoners, Hitler ordered the execution of 50 of the recaptured Allied officers under the pretext that they were shot while attempting escape.
_	When Hernán Cortés marched in 1525 to Honduras to subdue the revolt of Cristobal de Olid, he carried the emperor and three kings with him, and, under the pretext that he had discovered a conspiracy, all four were strangled.
_	In 2003, prior to the Blair/Bush invasion of Iraq on the pretext that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction, Kroto initiated and organised the publication of a letter to be signed by a dozen UK Nobel Laureates and published in the Times.
_	Jai knocks him out and they decide to bring Maulana back to India, under the pretext that he is a relative who needs to visit India for an urgent liver transplant.
_	Quite unknown to Hridaynath, Pratap has set his eyes on Priya and wants her for himself, so much so that he is willing to kill Geeta and get re-married to Priya on the pretext that Munna needs looking after.
_	In 1774, the ruling Royal Treasury "Junta" of Goa abruptly suppressed the seminary on the pretext that certain conditions were not being fulfilled, the real reason being economic.
_	At this juncture, he succeeded in bringing together the Jugantar and the Anushilan radicals, creating the short-lived federated Karmi-Sangha; under the pretext that Subhas Chandra Bose and the Jugantar leaders were indifferent to their efficiency, the members of the Anushilan put an end to this fusion.
_	They were taken by train towards Paranaguá, under the pretext that they would board a ship headed towards
_	During Lenin's rule, a resolution entitled "About Party Unity" had dissolved and banned any factions within the Party under the pretext that intra-Party discussions distract from "solving actual practical problems".
_	In 1980, the Jazz Days festival was cancelled under the pretext that 15,000 fans had bought tickets and the event could be listed as a “public disturbance.”
_	On 17 October, all men aged 18 to 60 were ordered to report for a meeting, but were detained overnight instead on the pretext that someone had fired shots in the village the previous night.
_	On the pretext that a genetically-inherited minor physical abnormality (a lack of earlobes) needs a personal confirmation, Bond impersonates a College of Arms representative, Sir Hilary Bray, to visit Blofeld's lair atop Piz Gloria, a fictional mountain top in the Engadin, somewhere between Samedan and Pontresina, where he finally meets Blofeld.
_	As a result of this censorship, a curious practice arose - it may have predated the censorship, but thereafter acquired encouragement as a form of resistance - that where the word "emptiness" occurred - or should have occurred - the individual was supposed to spit (on the floor), on the pretext that "emptiness" is very similar to the Hebrew word for "spittle".
_	Some commentators allege that the issue of dual-use technologies is a red herring, and that some advanced-sector nations, who wish to keep the Third World nations as poor client states, withhold technologies that are essential for economic development, using the pretext that they will be used for military purposes.
_	Another Moroccan embassy to France in 1781 was sent, but failed to be recognized on the pretext that the title of the king of France had not been properly rendered.
_	On the pretext that Norway needed protection from British and French interference, Germany invaded Norway for several reasons:
_	I, the theater was shut down by order of the Ottoman government on the pretext that its generator could be used to send messages to enemy submarines off shore.
_	In 1799, Bahrain came under threat from the expansionist policies of Sayyid Sultan, the Sultan of Oman, when he invaded the island under the pretext that Bahrain did not pay taxes owed.
_	Napoleon now had all the pretext that he needed, while his force, the First Corps of Observation of the Gironde with Divisional General Jean-Andoche Junot in command, was prepared to march on Lisbon.
_	Laird refused on the pretext that the weather was unfavorable, and the idea was dropped.
_	In his 18th-grade school year, in SOU <nowiki>"</nowiki>William Gladstone<nowiki>"</nowiki>, the prospective actor earned his teachers the privilege of not attending the first few hours on the pretext that he was living far away.
_	However, the Junta distrusted him, so he was banished to the Canary Islands, along with the members of the Royal Audiencia of Buenos Aires, under the pretext that his life was in danger.
_	But then his brother Geoffrey, Count of Nantes, who had received as appanage the three fortresses of Chinon, Loudun and Mirebeau, tried to seize upon Anjou, on the pretext that, by the will of their father, Geoffrey the Handsome, all the paternal inheritance ought to descend to him, if Henry succeeded in obtaining possession of the maternal inheritance.
_	In 1867, the French seized a further three provinces to complete their colonization of the south, using the pretext that the Nguyễn court was secretly assisting southern rebels and thereby disrespecting the Treaty of Saigon.
_	That summer Colonel Blaramberg and about 400 men were sent to raze Ak-Mechet on the pretext that Russia owned the north side of the river.
_	The Vendôme name was annexed into the royal domain by Louis XIV of France in 1712, on the pretext that Philip's membership in the Order of Malta as grand prior of France prevented him from holding them, but he retained the title.
_	In 314, a civil war erupted between Licinius and Constantine, in which Constantine used the pretext that Licinius was harbouring Senecio, whom Constantine accused of plotting to overthrow him.
_	Isagoras set about dispossessing hundreds of Athenians of their homes and exiling them on the pretext that they too were cursed.
_	However, on the pretext that he mistrusted them, Hasdrubal demanded a large sum of money and their wives and children as hostages.
_	Spanish troops provisionally occupied Tangier during World War II, on the pretext that an Italian invasion was imminent.
_	After having haughtily refused a number of suitors, under the pretext that they are not peers of France, Émilie de Fontaine falls in love with a mysterious young man who quietly appeared at the village dance at Sceaux.
_	Mamaea ordered that Sallustius be put to death, on the pretext that he wished to use the Praetorian Guard to seize power for himself.
_	One thing leads to another, as he pulls out an ornate chess set, and challenges her to a game, on the pretext that they were not able to play against each other at the tournament.
_	Howard seized vessels of various nationalities on the pretext that they were carrying French cargoes.
_	Andronikos was now formally proclaimed as co-emperor before the crowd on the terrace of the Church of Christ of the Chalkè, and not long afterwards, on the pretext that divided rule was injurious to the Empire, he caused Alexios II to be strangled with a bow-string in October 1183.
_	Under the pretext that they supported Santa Anna, a small group of Texians armed themselves and overthrew the commander of the garrison that was enforcing the new customs duties.
_	There were talks of a ban in late 2006, with the pretext that Hu's films are too long and too intricate in design, that they can no longer be categorized as amateur Internet videos.
_	In the winter of 1751, he invaded India for the third time on the pretext that Mir Mannu, the Mughal governor of the province of Punjab, had refused to pay him tax which he had promised to give on a monthly basis.
_	Yu An took up a filmmaking course on the pretext that he is pursuing his MBA in U.S.
_	When game day arrives, the waitress has waylaid the mechanic on the pretext that her car needs work.
_	Desiring her for himself, Appius sent his servant, Marcus Claudius, to kidnap Verginia, on the pretext that she was Appius' slave.
_	He was killed in a bathing tub filled with boiling water under the pretext that it would cure his rheumatism.
_	Subsequently, on 15 December 1738, Ward and another justice tried to remove him from Sedgley parish to his last legal settlement, on the pretext that he was likely to become chargeable.
_	In 1984, when MGR was incapacitated due to a stroke, Jayalalithaa was said to have attempted to take over the position of chief minister or the party on the pretext that his health would prevent him from the proper execution of his duties.
_	Shortly after he learned of the failure of Menshikov's diplomacy, Nicholas marched into Moldavia and Wallachia (Ottoman principalities in which Russia was acknowledged as a special guardian of the Orthodox Church), with the pretext that the Sultan failed to resolve the issue of the Holy Places.
_	When the bus stopped at a dhaba near Hiriyur bypass, he requested the policemen to remove his handcuffs on the pretext that he needed to answer the call of nature.
_	When Petruchio announces that he has had enough of marriage and is abandoning Maria for foreign travel, she encourages him to depart on the pretext that his journeys may broaden his vision and turn him into a better human being.
_	Organized and wholesale murder of male civilians was conducted with the apparent sanction of the commanders on the pretext that Chinese soldiers had removed their uniforms and were mingling with the population.
_	"Ar tonelico" was originally planned to be developed as an RPG that would see release in the PlayStation 2 console back in 2000, but the development was interrupted under the pretext that the "system for creating magical effects based on synthesizing bels" gave too much freedom to the player and thus, increased the difficult beyond tolerable levels.
_	First, he decreed that the Summer Palace, destroyed by the English and French in the Second Opium War, would be completely rebuilt under the pretext that it was a gift to Cixi and Ci'an.
_	John Kilbride in the early evening of 23 November 1963, at a market in Ashton-under-Lyne and offered him a lift home on the pretext that his parents would be worried about him being out so late.
_	However, under the pretext that Chancellor Gorchakoff, the only person who could take a decision on the matter, was in Germany, the Russian Government delayed action.
_	Ai under the pretext that the young king needed their protection.
_	He refused to engage in the debate on the divergent interests of the workers and the owners, did not question the presence of royalists who openly wanted to claim the movement, and did not appreciate that on the pretext that the Occitan language is the mother tongue of the Midi wine growers, the regionalists want to make the fight into a separatist movement.
_	However, the latter refused to enter a debate with Ahmad on the pretext that he was a Kafir and would not enter in any debate with him.
_	The Manhattan District decided to pay for his urine and stool samples to keep him close to San Francisco on the pretext that his "cancer" surgery and remarkable recovery were being studied.
_	When Qatna tried to establish an alliance with Eshnunna, Mari, which was at war with Eshnunna, arrested the messengers on the pretext that Zimri-Lim feared for their safety; in reality, the king of Mari was probably acting on behalf of Yamhad to prevent Qatna from establishing such an alliance.
_	Finally, Louis XV agreed to the list of demands of Marie Anne, and on 2 November 1742, he concluded the first demand and evicted Louise Julie de Mailly from court by having the furniture removed from her rooms next to the king's apartments on the pretext that hey had been had been reserved for her sister Flavacourt.
_	To get rid of Murman, Abesalom sends him off to find the elixir of life with the pretext that perhaps that will bring his strength back.
_	Before that, Gorkić stayed in Zagreb under the pretext that he attended Export Academy, which enabled him to leave the country.
_	Muawiyah replied by mobilising his Levantine supporters and refusing to pay homage to Ali on the pretext that his contingent had not participated in his election.
_	Bryant and Marie lure him to Anderson's garage on the pretext that he will be able to see Davey.
_	During his reign, the Emperor Manuel I Komnenos occupied the southern provinces of the kingdom on the pretext that the king's brother, Béla (the "Despotes" Alexius) lived in his court.
_	To avoid being charged with treason, the patriots spoke on the pretext that the colonies were in imminent danger of being invaded by the French.
_	Holland barred him immediately from the "Raad van State" (and also of the captaincy-general of the Union) on the pretext that his appointment would give the northern provinces an undue advantage.
_	Salas ordered a raid in the Anarchist stronghold of the Hospitalet under the pretext that Cortada's killers may have been there.
_	That year, Shawar was overthrown by Dirgham; soon afterwards, the King of Jerusalem, Amalric I, led an offensive against Egypt, on the pretext that the Fatimids were not paying the tribute they had promised to pay during the reign of Baldwin III.
_	While the Macdonald fighting force was in the Kintail area, trouble was brewing in South Uist as Murdoch MacNeil of Barra had taken possession of the lands of Boisdale under the pretext that they belonged to the MacNeils of Barra.
_	Zylberberg entered the Falkland Islands on the pretext that he would be taking part in a marathon on the island.
_	In the meantime, Leopold took up residence in Pregny (near Geneva) in Switzerland under the pretext that heart palpitations made further negotiations or thoughts of return to political life impossible.
_	However, on the pretext that Bonnard was continuing to correspond with Maubray, Plainville arrested and imprisoned her.
_	Manzar proposes to Shehna but she rejects the proposal on the pretext that Manzar's family could do the same thing to her as Aunn's family did to Zara.
_	From the 15th century, however, even in the marches of Westerwald, the princes began to intervene in the management of the march and, for example, issue decrees about the use of the forests, using the pretext that there had been abuses.
_	After disagreement regarding Stalin's demand to move Red Army troops through Poland and Romania (which Poland and Romania opposed), on 21 August, the Soviets proposed adjournment of military talks using the pretext that the absence of the senior Soviet personnel at the talks interfered with the autumn manoeuvres of the Soviet forces, though the primary reason was the progress being made in the Soviet-German negotiations.
_	General Hoche, the new Minister of War, was directed to march the Army of Sambre-et-Meuse through Paris on its way to Brest, on the pretext that they would be embarked for a new expedition to Ireland.
_	As of early 2015, the majority of the political parties, which objected to the federal plans for Iraq on the pretext that they would lead to division, are now supporting the project.
_	Commissaire Marino forbade prisoners to go into the courtyard, under the pretext that their detention was only provisional whilst they were awaiting transfer to another location.
_	Niedermayer (45) was kidnapped on 27 December 1973, at around 11 pm from his home in West Belfast by two IRA members who lured him outside his house on the pretext that they had accidentally crashed into his car.
_	But Conrad, who feared his power, refused to assent to this on the pretext that it was unlawful for two duchies to be in one hand.
_	When the chiefs of the border clans were ordered in 1567 to enter Edinburgh Castle on the pretext that they might hinder the success of Bothwell's expedition into Liddesdale, Cessfurd was the only one except Ker of Ferniehirst who obeyed.
_	Realising the seriousness of the situation and the danger of a general uprising, Reşid Mehmed Pasha invited the Albanian beys to a meeting on the pretext that they would be rewarded for their loyalty to the Porte.
_	South Africa confiscated all ten T-55s under the pretext that she was effectively at war with Angola at the time, retaining two for evaluation purposes.
_	Vexed by their defeat, the patricians resolved to defy the law once more in the elections for 351, and they nominated Gaius Julius Iulus dictator, on the pretext that twelve Etruscan cities had formed an alliance to oppose Rome.
_	Alarmed by Gruffudd's growing influence and authority in north Wales, and on the pretext that Gruffudd sheltered rebels from Rhos against Chester, Henry I launched a campaign against Gwynedd and Powys in 1114, which included a vanguard commanded by King Alexander I of Scotland.
_	Jahangir responded by jailing the 14 year old Guru Hargobind at Gwalior Fort in 1609, on the pretext that the fine imposed on Guru Arjan had not been paid by the Sikhs and Guru Hargobind.
_	At one point, Ayla persuades the native mothers to nurse a neglected infant, on the pretext that even a "flathead" would have done so in their place.
_	In 1907, the temple was torched by the Japanese army under the pretext that some militia men were staying there.
_	1773: Hyder Ali invaded Malabar for a second time in 1773 on the pretext that the Rajas of Malabar had not paid him tribute as agreed in 1768.
_	In 1975, the CBC's director of information programming (Knowlton Nash) cancelled "Viewpoint" under the pretext that the series caused the following local newscasts at 11:30 p.m. to lose three-quarters of their viewership ratings.
_	On January 23, a group of Klansmen (who would later be charged for the bombings) lynched a black man, Willie Edwards, on the pretext that he was dating a white woman.
_	Jai Singh's goods and properties were confiscated on the pretext that he supported Shah's brother Azam Shah during the war of Shah's succession and Bijai Singh was made the governor of Amber on 30 April 1708.
_	On one occasion during the battle of Ypres, when his regiment were ordered to take a tactically useless obstacle (a stable block) that had been retaken several times at considerable human cost, Howell was able to countermand on the pretext that as the order was being made the telephone line had been cut.
_	He was removed on the Restoration, under the pretext that he had signed the death warrant of Christopher Love.
_	The money will be paid into "Aslan's" treasury, held by Shift, on the pretext that it will be used for the good of the Narnians.
_	Based on the pretext that the ABA only wants to serve its members, the ABA continues to try to weaken credit unions and take back the market share that credit unions currently hold.
_	At the same time the notorious SS Einsatzgruppe D, operating in the area of the German 11th Army, committed summary executions of Jews under the pretext that they were spies, saboteurs, Communists, or under no pretext whatsoever.
_	In the autumn of 1624, using the pretext that papal forces had not been withdrawn from the Valtelline as agreed, French and Swiss troops invaded the Catholic valleys of the Grey Leagues and seized the forts, to protect them, Richelieu had established the Governors of the Duchy of Milan.
_	Parliament was subsequently dissolved by the king in 2002 on the pretext that it was incapable of handling the Maoists rebels.
_	The Insular Police surrounded the house of the mother of Melitón Muñiz Santos, the president of the Peñuelas Nationalist Party in the "barrio" Macaná, under the pretext that he was storing weapons for the Nationalist revolt.
_	Nancy Banks-Smith of "The Guardian" stated the series is "one of those shiny and insubstantial series," adding that "all that leaping out of bed at dawn on the pretext that you have to go and sell a house tends to wear thin."
_	The Illyrians, once ruled by queen Teuta, had been subjugated under the pretext that they were involved in piracy on the Dalmatian and Albanian coasts against merchants from Rome.
_	In 1774, the ruling Royal Treasury Junta of Goa abruptly suppressed the seminary on the pretext that certain conditions were not being fulfilled, the real reason being that of economy.
_	Ironically, the state of Mysore and several politicians opposed unification of Karnataka, on the pretext that Mysore state has fertile lands, more developed and present North Karnataka was not developed with large area of dry land.
_	The Insular Police surrounded the house of the mother of Melitón Muñiz Santos, the president of the Peñuelas Nationalist Party in Barrio Macaná, under the pretext that he was storing weapons for the Nationalist Revolt.
_	Jagiello's baptism failed to end the crusade of the Teutonic Knights, who claimed his conversion was a sham, perhaps even a heresy, and renewed their incursions on the pretext that pagans remained in Lithuania.
_	Prasath refuses to jump in and save Balaji, on the pretext that he does not know swimming.
_	However, it was not yet legal to prosecute people simply for making such claims (it would become so in 1929), so the miracle claims were prosecuted instead under the pretext that they were acts of resistance meant to strengthen believers in their resistance to hold on to church valuables.
_	Fully reassembled and under control, Arsenal is later used as a test for a group of Avengers recruits, under the pretext that it is out of control.
_	The king again appointed him National Preceptor, and Iryeon came down to the capital Kaesong (then Gaegyeong), but soon returned to the mountains on the pretext that his aged mother was sick.
_	On the first recording, Garza met with Martínez under the pretext that the gunmen were requesting more money, and that the police instructed Garza to tell Martínez that Cisneros needed to pay an extra US$500.
_	So he stationed troops there to the number of two thousand and ordained that their pay should not be provided from the imperial Treasury, but instead he transferred to the Treasury the entire civic funds and the funds for the spectacles of all the cities of Greece, on the pretext that these soldiers were to be maintained therefrom, and consequently in all Greece, and not least in Athens itself, no public building was restored nor could any other needful thing be done.
_	After summary proceedings, where insults and berating comments were shouted at the accused persons by the judge, the verdict for the vast majority of them was death, with the pretext that they organized the independence of Pontus.
_	He was left out of the touring party under the pretext that his bowling would not be effective in his native country.
_	At the end of the term he was required to leave, on the pretext that he needed private tuition to pass his Oxford entrance examination which he had failed the previous summer.
_	Peterson had wanted no part in another magazine published by Thurman, and had been approached by Nugent and Scholley Alexander, to write a monthly theatrical column, under the pretext that Alexander was the editor.
_	Speer requested an explanation from Wolters, and Wolters admitted the censorship by letter in January 1970, saying, "I wouldn't have put it past the "Ludwigsbergern" <nowiki>[German war crimes prosecutors]</nowiki> to launch an additional prosecution against you on the pretext that this charge <nowiki>[of evicting the Jews] </nowiki>was not included in the Nuremberg Indictment."
_	The Unification of Hispaniola lasted from 1822 until 1844, and sometime during this span, a totalitarian military government took place that forbade the Dominican people by law from taking public office, were on permanent curfew since early dusk and had the public university closed down on the pretext that it was a subversive institution.
_	They were to convince Alfonso that "Infante" Ferdinand must return to join his mother, without revealing the plans for the succession to the throne of Castile, and to accompany him to Autillo, where she was, on the pretext that the castle had been attacked, and hiding the news of the death of her brother Henry.
_	The campaigns were carried out under the pretext that the Pomaks as ancestral Christian Bulgarians who had been converted to Islam and who therefore needed to be repatriated back to the national domain.
_	But on July 4, Austria-Hungary annulled this secret agreement under the pretext that Ukraine had not delivered to it the amount of grain promised under the treaty.
_	He then, along with Cathal Brugha and Austin Stack, brought pressure to bear on Michael Collins to undertake a journey to the U.S. himself, on the pretext that only he could take up where de Valera had left off.
_	In 1398, Timur Lang invaded India on the pretext that the Muslim sultans of Delhi were too tolerant of their Hindu subjects.
_	Under the pretext that a railway was too loud and would "disturb the emperors' tombs", Cixi forbade its construction.
_	They are confronted by the home's owner, Dr Samuel Holywell, whom they deduce to be an antiquarian; they explain their presence on the pretext that they were delivering him the Tardis to form part of his collection.
_	On the other hand, Taddesse Tamrat states that Jamal's rebellion never got that far, and he was recalled to the Ethiopian court and returned to prison on the pretext that he failed to find and bring to the Emperor all of the Christians who had converted to Islam.
_	He (Satan) has stirred up some of his allies who, desiring to satisfy their own avarice, are presuming to assert far and wide that the Indians...be reduced to our service like brute animals, under the pretext that they are lacking the Catholic faith.
_	This policy towards the Armenians was paralleled on a smaller scale in Ottoman policy that led to the Greek Genocide against the Pontic Greeks and Caucasus Greeks of Kars Oblast, also on the pretext that like the Armenians they too had fought in or collaborated with the Russian Caucasus Army at Sarikamish and elsewhere on the Caucasus Campaign.
_	He ordered a general massacre of its inhabitants on the pretext that they had rebelled against Kabul's regime and were infidels who had forsaken Islam.
_	As a result, the members of the Audiencia were exiled to Spain, along with Cisneros, with the pretext that there was a threat to their lives.
_	The company lobbied the US government for the overthrow of Árbenz, and the State Department responded by engineering a coup under the pretext that Árbenz was a communist.
_	However, the entourage of Yonten Gyatso declined the request on the pretext that their spiritual lord was in deep meditation and could not be disturbed.
_	Our dilemma over keeping faith with the old and honourable Emperor has been exploited to create a situation which gives England the excuse she has been seeking to annihilate us with a spurious appearance of justice on the pretext that she is helping France and maintaining the well-known Balance of Power in Europe, i.e. playing off all European States for her own benefit against us.""
_	Modern historians also suggests that a major migratory movement of Pontic Greeks onto the eastern Anatolian plateau and the Lesser Caucasus occurred in the reign of Sultan Mehmed IV (1648–87), during which a common pattern was initiated in Ottoman history: the Ottomans and their clients the Crimean Tatars suffered a string of severe defeats at the hands of the expansionist Russian Empire and so followed this up with a wave of repression against the Greeks of both the southern Balkans and the Pontic Alps region, on the pretext that Greek statesmen and traders had colluded with the Tsar.
_	Erika’s sister, Traudel, convinced the director of the transportation labor union (ITF) in Amsterdam to hire Erika as a governess, on the pretext that she would teach German to his children.
_	Those are the ones who, given the reality of French laïcité, have no other choice than to cry racism, a tear in their eye and a hand on their heart, on the pretext that their "religious feelings" have been mocked by a drawing in Charlie.
_	It was difficult for an army and a police force which has for years tortured Muslims to abandon such methods on the pretext that the opponent is no longer the same.
_	During the rule of Krishnaraja Wodeyar III, the British took the kingdom back from Wodeyars in 1831 under the pretext that the Wodeyar king did not pay the annual subsidy.
_	Siddhu agrees, and calls Hari over to a bridge, on the pretext that he himself (Siddhu) needs to talk to Hari.
_	After Yuan died, Vice President Li Yuanhong succeeded the office and reconvened the National Assembly on 1 August 1916 under the pretext that its three-year term was suspended not expired.
_	Modern historians also suggest that a major migratory movement of Pontic Greeks onto the eastern Anatolian plateau and the Lesser Caucasus occurred in the reign of Sultan Mehmed IV (1648–1687), during which a common pattern was initiated in Ottoman history: the Ottomans and their clients the Crimean Tatars suffered a string of severe defeats at the hands of the expansionist Russian Empire and followed this up with a wave of repression against the Greeks of both the southern Balkans and the Pontic Alps region, on the pretext that Greek statesmen and traders had colluded with the Tsar.
_	On 14 August, under the pretext that Western demonstrations required it, the East closed the checkpoint at the "Brandenburg Gate" 'until further notice', a situation that was to last until 22 December 1989, when it was finally reopened.
_	Jahangir responded by jailing the 14 year old Guru Hargobind at Gwalior Fort in 1609, on the pretext that the fine imposed on Guru Arjan had not been paid by the Sikhs and Guru Hargobind.
_	In its initial formulation, the tax was introduced with the pretext that Hindus did not own any land in Goa and only the Christians did.
_	Rehearsals had been carried out in the roads outside London under the pretext that a crime movie was being shot.
_	Alghu declared his allegiance to Kublai, and then attacked Kaidu, whose lands bordered his, under the pretext that the latter had supported Ariq Böke.
_	Finally, Louis XV agreed to the list of demands of Marie Anne, and on 2 November 1742, he concluded the first demand and evicted Louise Julie de Mailly from court by having the furniture removed from her rooms next to the king's apartments on the pretext that they had been reserved for her sister Flavacourt.
_	After Yuan died, the National Assembly reconvened on 1 August 1916 under the pretext that its three-year term had been suspended and had not expired, but President Li Yuanhong was forced to disband it due to the Manchu Restoration on 1 June 1917.
_	In 1799, Bahrain came under threat from the expansionist policies of Sayyid Sultan, the Sultan of Oman, when he invaded the island under the pretext that Bahrain did not pay taxes owed.
_	Under the pretext that he spoke to his communist brother, Châu was accused of treason in 1970, during a major government crackdown on dissidents.
_	This resulted in invasion of Thanjavur by Chanda Sahib who captured Shahuji and imprisoned him on the pretext that he was not the actual Shahuji but an impostor.
_	However, Philip used the pretext that the English king had refused his summons in order to strip Edward of all his possessions in France, thereby initiating hostilities with England.
_	After the meetings the Queen is flown back to England, but ground control diverts the flight hundreds of miles to Yorkshire on the pretext that the well-qualified Australian airmen are not qualified to land at a commercial airport—
_	Despite the agreements of the Congress of Vienna of 1815 neither altarpiece was ever returned by France on the pretext that Napoleon had given them to regional museums.
_	To put an end to these activities, the Junta assembled Cisneros and all the members of the Royal Audiencia on the pretext that their lives were in danger, and sent them into exile aboard the British ship "Dart".
_	The operation began in 1973 shortly after then-Pakistani President Zulfikar Ali Bhutto dismissed the elected provincial government of Balochistan, on the pretext that arms had been discovered in the Iraqi Embassy ostensibly for Baloch rebels.
_	In 2011, he was convicted of fraudulently receiving social benefits on the pretext that he was sick and unemployed.
_	During Nazi Germany's war with the Soviet Union, Moltke wrote a controversial opinion urging Germany to follow both the Geneva Convention and the Hague Convention, in order to comply with international law and to promote reciprocal good treatment for German prisoners of war, but he was overruled on the pretext that Russia was not a signatory to the agreements, with Field Marshal Wilhelm Keitel describing the Geneva Convention as "a product of a notion of chivalry of a bygone era".
_	It was saved from being scrapped in 1940 on the pretext that it was helping to defend Bovington base against possible German attacks.
_	He maintained his claim, however, to be the overseer of the Tongan population, and when the Tui Nayau raised the Tongan flag over Lakeba, Ma'afu took control of the Lau archipelago on the pretext that its Paramount Chief had declared it be Tongan territory, rather than Fijian.
_	Around midnight on 17 July, Yakov Yurovsky, the commandant of The House of Special Purpose, ordered the Romanovs' physician, Dr. Eugene Botkin, to awaken the sleeping family and ask them to put on their clothes, under the pretext that the family would be moved to a safe location due to impending chaos in Yekaterinburg.
_	The latter refused categorically that Meena (Bhaarthi) gets married to her beloved Thyagu (MGR), under the pretext that it is up to a lower caste !
_	Under the pretext that they would wait three years before paying the accumulated tribute at one time, Skuld assembled a large army which included strong warriors, criminals, elves and norns.
_	Condianus and Maximus were executed on the pretext that, while they were not implicated in any plots, their wealth and talent would make them unhappy with the current state of affairs.
_	This was often done under the official pretext that they were not being used, while at the same time the Soviet authorities took measures to prevent students from coming (e.g. at the Volhynia seminary, the state ordered the institution to provide a list of names of their candidates, and afterwards it then registered the students for mandatory military service or refused their residence permits in Lutsk, which allowed them to shut down the institution in 1964 under the pretext that it was not being used).
_	It could be 50 degrees when we rehearse and 50 below on game day, we're working under the pretext that we can be doing this in snow or rain ...
_	With finances running thin and on the pretext that the plague was spreading in the area, both the Latins and the Greeks agreed to transfer the council to Florence.
_	After his last test — which he finally passes with the aid of a Lord of the Instrumentality and his own freak telepathic talents — he learns that an envious former friend, who suffers from an allergy to stroon and so is condemned to live a mere 150 years or so, seeks to kill him, using the pretext that the test was biased and administered unfairly.
_	The paper's publication abruptly ceased in mid-summer of 2009 with the pretext that it lacked funding.
_	The second week of October 1905, at the 18th km of provincial road Pisoderi - Prespa in place named Seltsa, was erected a murderous ambush from which Lazarow fled under the pretext that he was an innocent person and that Lazaros was coming behind.
_	The local community opposed the construction of a flyover from the railway station to the campus formerly, under the pretext that it would lead to substantial losses of opportunity for the shops along the roads.
_	In July 1951, the Governor dissolved the Belize City Council on the pretext that it had shown disloyalty by refusing to display a picture of King George VI.
_	Secretly gay TV star Tony Gavone was also asked, but declined on the pretext that he had to spend the weekend cleaning out his closet.
_	The colonial authorities, concerned at the rise of fascist Italy in the Mediterranean and Africa, suspended the government and the constitution on the pretext that government's measures to strengthen instruction of Italian in schools violated the Constitution.
_	In 1312 Bolesław and Henry VI entered into an alliance with the ruler of Lesser Poland, Władysław I Łokietek and with their combined forces began an expeditionary trip against the Dukes of Głogów, under the pretext that the late Duke Henry III was directly responsible for the premature death of Henry V, father of the Dukes of Legnica (Liegnitz) and Wrocław (Breslau).
_	In 1810, Frederick banished the composer Carl Maria von Weber from Württemberg on the pretext that Weber had mismanaged the funds of Frederick's brother, Louis, for whom Weber had served as secretary since 1807.
_	Colluthus was a presbyter of Alexandria who separated from the communion of Alexander in the early days of controversy, based on the pretext that the archbishop was too indecisive in his action against heresy.
_	Both were removed from the Conservative Party's list of approved candidates by Party Chairman Grant Shapps, reportedly on the instructions of David Cameron's growing alarm at having such key allies of a leadership rival such as Theresa May in the House of Commons, and Parkinson and Timothy were given the pretext that neither had campaigned in the Rochester and Strood by-election (with such campaigning being a requirement of candidates staying on the approved list).
_	I were placed under the Imperial ban, under the pretext that they had deposed the Catholic Duke Henry V of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel in 1542.
_	Brig. Mozumdar, who had refused to fire on Bengal civilians blocking the unloading of "MV Swat" was relieved of his post on 24 March by Gen. Khadim himself on the pretext that he was needed to address 2 EBR at Joydevpur and Brig.
_	With Susan too weak to be moved, he engineers Barbara's release on the pretext that she can be trailed to lead the security forces to the core of the escape chain.
_	Carmona, the new President of the Republic and of the Council of Ministers, used the pretext that Gomes da Costa was "unfit for office" and had him sent to exile in the Azores Islands.
_	On the pretext that Knossos was backing Mithradates, Marcus Antonius Creticus attacked Crete in 71 BC and was repelled.
_	On 17 May 1989, he was released from 23 years of imprisonment without charge or trial on the mainland, and instead confined to a one-room guardhouse on Sentosa where he was required to pay the rent on the pretext that he was then a "free" man.
_	Under Admiral Darlan and General Giraud the antisemitic legislation was applied more severely in Algeria than France itself, under the pretext that it enabled greater equality between Muslims and Jews and considered racial laws a condition sine qua non of the armistice.
_	There have been various instances of the Syrian government denying citizenship to ethnic Kurds on the pretext that they have fled to Syria after the failure of Sheikh Said rebellion during the French Mandate of Syria.
_	Brien said he had been assaulted on the pretext that the scout needed the player's sperm to establish whether he had a "footballer's gene".
_	Captain Stephen R. Dayna (played by Michael Dorn) pretends to surrender, and surreptitiously knocks out an officer (the player character) and leaves him behind, on the pretext that he has been killed in the attack.
_	The royal message was turned away on the pretext that there was nobody able to translate it.
_	Both of George's parents committed adultery, and in 1694 their marriage was dissolved on the pretext that Sophia had abandoned her husband.
_	However, the referendum was again marred by reports of vote rigging on the part of the French authorities, with some 10,000 Somalis deported under the pretext that they did not have valid identity cards.
_	At the outbreak of World War II in 1939, the Americans offered the former "Kronprinzessin Cecilie" to the British as a troop transport, who refused on the pretext that she was too old.
_	News an interview on the pretext that it wanted to talk to him about fighting communism in the 1950s and about the Americanism lectures that he gave for the American Legion.
_	Vose was then dispatched to New York City, where he met anarchist writer Emma Goldman and borrowed her apartment briefly, and managed to make contact with Schmidt on the pretext that he was in possession of a letter for him.
_	Although Peter acquiesced to all demands, he refused to fulfill the latter, under the pretext that Cantemir had fled his camp.
_	He sends a message to his wife, Clytemnestra, telling her to send Iphigenia to Aulis on the pretext that the girl is to be married to the Greek warrior Achilles before he sets off to fight.
_	Petrov himself stated he was initially praised by Votintsev and was promised a reward, but recalled that he was also reprimanded for improper filing of paperwork with the pretext that he had not described the incident in the military diary.
_	Beauharnois took up them both on 24 March 1710, but in 1715 had to abandon that of La Rochelle on the Regent's orders, under the pretext that he wasn't the maître des requêtes (Beauharnois was nevertheless offered the chance to buy that généralité, but refused).
_	On the pretext that the Labour Party voters were not happy with involvement with Fianna Fáil, Dick Spring withdrew his support for Reynolds as Taoiseach.
_	Next 20 to 30 people were taken down to the cellar under the pretext that they were going for a shower.
_	His servants were sent home on the pretext that the vizier would stay to drink wine with Itakh, but soon Itakh sent his own servants to the vizier's residence to confiscate his possessions; Itakh's men were reportedly impressed by how poor his furniture and lodgings were.
_	Here, Sinan Pasha sparked a rebellion by executing the Beylerbey of Aleppo, Canbulatoğlu Hüseyin Pasha, who had come to provide help, upon the pretext that he had arrived too late.
_	A shipment of materials for the Palace, which arrived in Durrës, was "withdrawn at once on the pretext that the materials 'had been loaded by mistake and were not really intended for Albania.'"
_	In 1932, Estrella resigned from the vice-presidency, some say on the pretext that relations between Estrella and Trujillo had become strained.
_	Other Americans looted empty houses on the pretext that their absent owners were militia who had not given their parole as required by the articles of capitulation.
_	Clemens' brother was consul with Domitian, shortly after the latter's accession, but the emperor put his cousin to death on the pretext that the herald proclaiming him consul had called him "Imperator".
_	They do not feature heavily in any storylines, partly on the pretext that other species avoid them because they are, for religious reasons, dedicated carrion eaters.
_	To the relief of the local population, the United States Army Corps of Engineers made the repairs using federal money on the pretext that it was protecting navigation.
_	The last major interethnic incident occurred in 1924 during Šahovići massacre in villages Šahovići and Pavino Polje (present-day municipality of Bijelo Polje in Sandžak), when Montenegrin peasants massacred hundreds of Bosniaks, under the pretext that Bosniak outlaws murdered a local Montenegrin hero, presumably under false pretense.
_	In 1484, "Jean de Gardey" from the County of Pardiac, was removed from office as the maître of the Mint of Morlaàs on the pretext that he was not Béarnese and that he paid of less than half of the real value of the mint.
_	He was elected President by the Third Seimas, but served for only six months, as he was deposed in a coup led by Antanas Smetona, under the pretext that there was an imminent communist plot to take over Lithuania.
_	In March 2006 a large consignment of Motorola mobile phones shipped for Chichvarkin was seized on the pretext that their emissions of microwave radiation exceeded the levels permitted by Russian health regulations.
_	The plotters summoned a group of ARVN officers to the Joint General Staff headquarters at Tân Sơn Nhứt Air Base, on the pretext that they were going to attend a lunch meeting.
_	In July, 2013, mobs set a branch on fire in Egypt on the pretext that it is affiliated to the Muslim Brotherhood, after the Muslim Brotherhood-affiliated president, Mohamed Morsi was deposed recently at then by the 2013 Egyptian coup d'état.
_	An FSA fighter told British journalist Paul Wood, that they summary executed 11 prisoners of war under the pretext that they were Shabiha, following an ambush of armored vehicles in December, during which eight other soldiers were also killed.
_	On the anniversary of the destruction of tombs of the Al-Baqi' graveyard, the mosque and grave of Al-Asmar was reportedly destroyed on August 24, 2012 by Salafis and Wahhabis on the pretext that Islam does not allow worshipping graves and the dead.
_	The count of Toulouse Raymond VII, with the support of the bishop of Agen, opposed this appointment, appealing to the pope, on the pretext that the pursuit of heretics was to be done under the direction of the bishop, according to the normal procedure.
_	In 2005, Poland's Jewish Foreign Minister Adam Daniel Rotfeld remarked upon instances of "bad will, saying that under the pretext that 'it's only a geographic reference', attempts are made to distort history and conceal the truth."
_	Consequently, upon refusal by Matru on the pretext that Harry will not feel the same way about him and Bijlee when sober, Harry, to everyone's surprise, reveals that since he had sworn on Bijlee to not consume even a drop of alcohol has stood by his word, in turn revealing that while he did all that he did appearing to be drunk, he was completely sober instead.
_	Concern over the threat of the EPRP kept this tension from becoming a definite break until the eve of May Day, when the Political Bureau, on the pretext that an anti-government protest was in the offing, ordered the "kebeles" to arrest any young person suspected of being an EPRP member.
_	His successor was General André Kolingba, army chief of staff of Decko’s army, who took over control from the local French military on 1 September 1981 under the pretext that the country was heading towards civil war.
_	Polish Minister of Foreign Affairs Adam Daniel Rotfeld said in 2005 that "Under the pretext that 'it's only a geographic reference', attempts are made to distort history".
_	The revolution caused his patron, Lord Dartmouth, to fall from power and perhaps out of bitterness, Phillips refused to go to Ireland in 1689 on the pretext that he was owed significant arrears of salary.
_	In the year of his consulship he was sent against the Allobroges in Gallia Transalpina, under the pretext that they had received Rome's enemy, Teutomalius, king of the Salluvii, and had laid waste to the territory of Rome's allies, the Aedui.
_	Commenting on the film's ominous Rothman character, Henkel stated: "He comes off more like the leader of some harum-scarum cult that makes a practice of bringing victims to experience horror on the pretext that it produces some sort of transcendent experience.
_	When Constantine II succeeded Paul I in 1964, his sister became heir presumptive according to the 1952 Constitution but that caused a constitutional crisis because his father's cousin Prince Peter who declared himself heir to the throne on the pretext that female dynasts had been unlawfully granted succession rights, but Prince Peter lost his succession rights by marrying Irina Aleksandrovna Ovtchinnikova in 1939.
_	Mael and Starkad leave on the pretext that Starkad must go settle a blood feud with Biargram.
_	Vlad III Dracula refused and had the Ottoman envoys killed by nailing their turbans to their heads, on the pretext that they had refused to raise their "hats" to him, as they only removed their headgear before Allah.
_	In this coup d'état, the government of the Reich deposed the Prussian government on 20 July 1932, under the pretext that the latter had lost control of public order in Prussia (during the Bloody Sunday of Altona, Hamburg, which was still part of Prussia at that time) and by using fabricated evidence that the Social Democrats and the Communists were planning a joint "putsch".
_	Under the pretext that the Russian and Romanian border and maintain ing the order and tranquility in the rear of Romanian Army.
_	However, Martínez de Baeza rejected the demand, under the pretext that Quirós should request it in a more respectful manner.
_	The first incident of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party Revolts of the 1950s occurred during the early hours of October 29, 1950, in Peñuelas, when the insular police of that town surrounded the house of the mother of Melitón Muñiz Santos, the president of the Peñuelas Nationalist Party in the "bario" Macaná, under the pretext that he was storing weapons for the Nationalist Revolt.
_	She prohibited both nobles from entering the city of Seville, under the pretext that their simultaneous presence there would risk violent conflicts.
_	Under the pretext that new elections could not be held in Communist-occupied constituencies, the National Assembly, Legislative Yuan, and Control Yuan members held their posts indefinitely.
_	Muawiyah replied by mobilizing his Levantn supporters and refusing to pay homage to Ali on the pretext that his contingent had not participated in his election.
_	The Jesuit Rodrigues continued north with a few others, upon the pretext that it was necessary that he deliver the expeditions' cannon and gifts for the emperor.
_	The Khmer Rouge forces all families to leave the city, under the pretext that it will be bombed by Americans, and join thousands of refugees.
_	Smedley shouted abuse down the telephone and decided to take over Radio City with a boarding party in the middle of the night, on the pretext that Calvert owed him £10,000 for the transmitter.
_	However the group's first public campaign actually took place in the Metropolitan Borough of Hampstead, where, with Hamm having become associated with Eleonora Tennant, it helped to organise a petition to keep immigrants out of new houses, ostensibly on the pretext that the housing should be kept for returning soldiers.
_	After the confiscation and its use as barracks, was demolished in 1856, on the pretext that blocked traffic on the road proceedings of Madrid.
_	According to one interpretation, she was trying to hide her growing disillusionment with communism under the pretext that she needed to take care of her ailing father.
_	In 1871, Ramiengar, as the additional member of the Viceroy's Council to introduce legislations, proposed a bill to remove defects in the Religious Endowments Act of 1863, but this bill was rejected by the Government on the pretext that it was "radically incomplete and would certainly fail to attain its object" Ramiengar also exercised his influence over the municipal and local fund taxation laws passed during the period.
_	Many types of male traditional clothing were also banned under the pretext that "Westerners now wouldn’t laugh at us".
_	In late 2009, ex-astronaut Buzz Aldrin, along with his then-wife Lois Cannon and daughter Lisa Cannon, sued WhiteLight and Guardian Pictures for breach of contract and fraud, as he had invested $200,000 into the production companies on the pretext that they were using the funds to make films that were never produced, including "Lupin III".
_	Manuel Vicente Maza, president of both the House of Representatives and the Supreme Court, was murdered by Rosas's "Mazorca" agents within the halls of the parliament on the pretext that his son was involved in the conspiracy.
_	He was, however, barred from occupying his seat by the centre-right majority, on the pretext that as a revolutionary Bernard could not swear on the Constitution.
_	Groiss objected, inter alia, to the selection of the Study Material ("highly demonizing pieces were not included, under the pretext that they were not explicit enough", "explicit denial...was not included too"), to the categorization methods ("real cases of ignoring the 'other' deliberately without degrading him slipped away from scrutiny", false positive descriptions) and to the analysis itself ("There is no attempt to study the quotes more deeply and draw conclusions", "the report considers Jihad and martyrdom as values, which is acceptable academically, but it fails to evaluate their impact on the issues of war and peace").
_	Nancy Banks-Smith of "The Guardian" called it "one of those shiny and insubtantial series," adding that "all that leaping out of bed at dawn on the pretext that you have to go and sell a house tends to wear thin."
_	After dinner, the UPA partisans ordered all the inhabitants to lay down and tied them up, under the pretext that they were about to carry out an assault on a nearby German rail transport and if the village inhabitants were found to be tied up, that would serve as proof for Germans, that Poles did not cooperate with the UPA in the attack.
_	"Bienvenu later offered to express our shared concerns in Pretoria, perhaps under the pretext that as a country desiring to secure a seat on the UN Security Council, South Africa could not afford to be involved in any way with the destabilization of another country...2
_	Troops under Reinhardt's command implemented the OKH policy of "liquidating" mentally infirm; in December 1941 they murdered ten mental patients in the Russian city of Kalinin, on the pretext that they posed a security threat.
_	On 20 March 2003, a United States-organized coalition invaded Iraq, under the pretext that Iraq had failed to abandon its weapons of mass destruction program in violation of UN Resolution 687.
_	Jonathan vanquished even the strategoi of Demetrius II far to the north, in the plain of Hazar, while Simon at the same time took the strong fortress of Beth-zur on the pretext that it harboured supporters of Demetrius.
_	He explains how he tricked Dr Armstrong into helping him fake his own death under the pretext that it would help the group identify the killer.
_	Eli sends her to L.A. to set up housekeeping, on the pretext that a songwriter there is interested in his poetry.
_	After the invasion of the Soviet Union by Nazi Germany in June 1941, the Caucasus Germans were internally deported by Soviet authorities to Central Asia and Siberia on the pretext that their loyalties were with Germany, even though this was not the case.
_	It was speculated that if the law was passed, the Spanish authorities would be able to usurp Pavelić and Luburić's tombs, under the pretext that they had become places of pilgrimage for neo-fascists, and move them to less prominent locations or transfer them to Bosnia.
_	In 1369, on the pretext that Edward III had failed to observe the terms of the treaty, the king of France declared war once again.
_	Shortly after, Helen comes out of the palace under the pretext that she wishes to make an offering at her sister Clytemnestra’s grave.
_	Under the pretext that he had returned late from a honeymoon in Brazil, Hancock was dismissed from Davis's band.
_	In the year of publication 808 copies were burnt in a square in Salvador, together with works of other authors, under the pretext that they were communist propaganda.
_	In May 1918, along with Éamon de Valera and 72 other Sinn Féiners, he was arrested on the pretext that they had conspired with Germany.
_	He (Satan) has stirred up some of his allies who, desiring to satisfy their own avarice, are presuming to assert far and wide that the Indians ... be reduced to our service like brute animals, under the pretext that they are lacking the Catholic faith.
_	Barry attempts to raise money for Geoffrey by selling off the worthless old tin mine to Sir Joseph on the pretext that providing work for the locals will earn his son the votes he needs to win the election.
_	On October 5, 1934, the agents of the local rebel government invaded the order's residence on the pretext that they had concealed weapons.
_	His ruse fails totally when Maria catches on: in an extremely effective and humorous scene has Petruchio walled up in his house on the pretext that he has caught the plague.
_	On Friday 5 October they occupied Turon, forcing their way into the school on the pretext that arms had been hidden there and arresting the Brothers there.
_	Sigismund himself fled to Milan and later to Piacenza under the pretext that he had to go now to Rome to be crowned emperor.
_	In April 2005, a local businessman Wilson Chowdhry started a campaign to have IG1 postcodes changed to London E19, on the pretext that IG1 is not always recognised as a 'London postcode'.
_	But the prime minister of Qin, Fan Sui (范睢, or Fan Ju, 范雎), who was persuaded by a talker from Zhao, feared Bai Qi's rising power, and recommended the king stop the attack on the pretext that the Qin troops ought to be rested and to accept a ceded territory negotiation.
_	under the pretext that he "was required to go on an IRA operation in which it was intended to murder a PSNI officer who was dating a girl in Donnyloop County Donegal.
_	Emboldened by the disastrous defeats of the Ottomans at the hands of Nader and seizing on the pretext that an army of Tatars had violated the sovereignty of Russia by marching along the black sea coast to join Koprulu Pasha against Nader's forces, Russia soon entered into military operations against the Ottoman Empire, eventually capturing Azov. Austria also chose this moment to simultaneously join in a war against Istanbul, however they did not share their Russian ally's success on the field suffering a catastrophic defeat at Grocka.
_	On February 6, 1815, he became infamous when he opened the doors of the public jail of Santiago, and when the prisoners came out, had them all killed under the pretext that they were trying to escape.
_	After King Paul's death, he declared himself heir presumptive to the Greek throne, on the pretext that female dynasts had been unlawfully granted succession rights in 1952.
_	All of a sudden, the whole property (including the stable) was released from the Department of Custodian Evacuee's possession in 1957-58, and the Nawab again became the full owner on the pretext that he had given his property to his adopted son, Abdul Kader, around 11 January 1961.
_	On the bus issue, Macleod was overruled and forced to pick a fight with Frank Cousins on the pretext that they accept an independent arbitration award.
_	Realising the seriousness of the situation and the danger of a general uprising, Reşid Mehmed Pasha invited the Albanian beys to a meeting on the pretext that they would be rewarded for their loyalty to the Porte.
_	Thus Cuza dissolved his own Lodge on the pretext that its establishment in nine years earlier had not been officially approved.
_	Nevertheless, in 238 BC-237 BC, Rome annexed Sardinia and Corsica on the pretext that the Carthaginian navy had been preying on Roman shipping; this claim was probably a baseless excuse for expanding Roman influence in the Mediterranean Sea by seizing an island located in a strategic position.
_	The Chamber invalidated the election of the Communist Deputy under the pretext that as a revolutionary, he could not swear an oath on the Constitution.
_	Anne-Sophie Faucheur described herself as a "monster" but refused to apologise on the pretext that her actions were unforgivable.
_	As the "Constitucionalistas" successfully seized and held Santo Domingo over the initial days of the uprising, U.S. President Lyndon Johnson ordered an invasion by the U.S. military, dubbed as Operation Power Pack, with the pretext that the lives of American citizens there needed to be protected.
_	This government rules over a Kurdish segment, the majority of which is ignorant, that includes persons with personal ambitions who lead it to abandon it [the government] under the pretext that it does not belong to their ethnicity.
_	On 29 May 1935 General Takashi Sakai, Chief of Staff of the Japanese China Garrison Army based in Tianjin, acting on the pretext that two pro-Japanese heads of a local news service had been assassinated, raised a formal protest to Kuomintang General He Yingqin, Acting Chairman of the Peiping National Military Council.
_	This was justified under the pretext that the ZNDF's development was tied to the exigencies of wartime.
_	Ferdinand, who hated his stepmother, made her leave the Spanish court; this also meant that Elisabeth Farnese would not have as much influence over her son on the pretext that she was the queen of the realm.
_	He refused to engage in the debate on the divergent interests of the workers and the owners, did not question the presence of royalists who openly wanted to claim the movement, and did not appreciate that on the pretext that the Occitan language is the mother tongue of the Midi wine growers, the regionalists want to make the fight into a separatist movement.
_	However, the Soviets treated Romania as conquered territory, and Soviet troops remained in the country as occupying forces under the pretext that Romanian authorities could not guarantee the security and stability of Northern Transylvania.
_	On January 6, 2012 he leaves Chernomorets with the pretext that he will retire.
_	Helicopters had been obtained from the Alabama and Texas National Guard on the pretext that there was a drug laboratory at Mount Carmel.
_	On the pretext that the supposed loan and issuance would be politically unpopular, and with the implication that it was a bit of sharp practice by bank insiders, the entire operation was conducted in an atmosphere of deep secrecy.
_	Once with the legislative elections, the Right Romania Alliance was dissolved, under the pretext that the alliance was only an electoral association.
_	By the 1870s, Republican propagandists were attempting to prohibit samba on the pretext that folklorist dances shamed Brazil's national image.
_	One of the first steps of Castelli and the Junta was the expulsion of Cisneros and the judges of the Royal Audiencia, who were shipped off to Spain under the pretext that their lives were in danger.
_	Adolphe Thiers, president of the council, refused all aid under the pretext that the Legion was handed in full and entirely to Spain.
_	Complaints arose, and under the pretext that the play was causing public disturbance, the Paris Commune, predominantly controlled by Jacobins, banned it.
_	But nevertheless it gave Israel the pretext that they were setting up for, and that was the opportunity to basically attack Hamas in order to destroy the unity government."
_	In 1524, the Muslims, backed by the ruler of Calicut (today called "Kozhikode"), attacked the Jews of Cranganore on the pretext that they were tampering with the pepper trade.
_	The castle, belonging to the Aldobrandeschi family in 1269, was destroyed by the Sienese army in 1329, on the pretext that it was occupied by bandits.
_	On January 9, 2017, a 17-year-old male was arrested and thrown off a building by the Diwan al-Hisba, in Mosul under the pretext that he was "a homosexual".
_	On April 25, 1846, a Mexican force under colonel Anastasio Torrejon surprised and defeated a U.S. squadron at the Rancho de Carricitos in Matamoros in an event that would latter be known as the Thornton Skirmish; this was the pretext that U.S. president James K.
_	"Late in 1943 Musif Bey was deposed by the French on the pretext that he had collaborated with the enemy."
_	In May 2013 the Municipality of Kefalonia decided to cease operation of the cafe on the pretext that the social enterprise was no longer viable due to accumulated debt.
_	Her ex-boyfriend Zipeng (Adam Chen) tries to rekindle their relationship and although Haitong makes it clear that she is not interested, Zipeng joins E28 on the pretext that he is protecting Haitong from Lu Gua's bullying.
_	But the British colonial masters repeatedly shelved the project on the pretext that it will severely hurt the water availability to lower riparian.
_	Later in 1999, the Supreme Court commuted the death sentence of Nirmal to life imprisonment retaining Dharampal's death sentence Later in January 2014 high court commuted his death sentence to life imprisonment on the pretext that the government took around thirteen years to decide on his mercy petition.
_	He collects all the cash from the safe and leaves on the pretext that he has some bank work.
_	However, despite this list being concerned with civic tower structures, additional six church towers were also made part of it under the pretext that they had served as watchtowers or alarm bell towers.
_	In the meantime, she had obtained a passport for herself, which was issued on 27 August, i.e. before the escape, on the pretext that she needed to go to Trieste to collect some money - as indeed she informed Mme. Bonaparte.
_	The Sino-British Joint Declaration stated that "the legislature of the HKSAR shall be constituted by elections"; then British Foreign Secretary Geoffrey Howe further promised the democratic process would start "in the years immediately ahead", but they stalled due to opposition from Beijing, local business interests as represented by Executive Council, and the British Foreign Office under the pretext that it would bring chaos to Hong Kong.
_	This was done under the pretext that these lands were in Chiapas territory and were not of anyone (since the error made earlier).
_	On the order of the Mayor they were taken to the market cross under the pretext that they were vagabonds, stripped to the waist and flogged.
_	"on their noble quality, under the pretext that they presupposed"<br>
_	Rita to spurn Ranger Jim on the pretext that Jim will arrest Roberto.
_	The Assam government placed a ban on the party, citing the pretext that RCPI organized peasants to cease payments to landlords and supported illegal felling of trees.
_	The king's judges gradually expanded the scope of treason under the pretext that any "assortment of royal power," by which was meant doing anything which only the king (or his officers) could legally do, was considered treason – even hunting deer in the king's forests.
_	Under the pretext that daylight saving time would save energy, the Egyptian government decided on 7 May 2014 to reinstate summer time with an exception for the holy month of Ramadan.
_	Nemesio Salcedo invalidated the election on the pretext that San Antonio did not have a cabildo, which was a prerequisite for balloting.
_	She came to suffer consequences for it: when she was first invited to Lausanne, for the 2007 , her appearance was canceled on the pretext that her presence might bother the other authors there.
_	Until 1920 his fortune was managed as a trust by Creek County courts and the Department of the Interior, on the pretext that Jackson was illiterate and legally incompetent due to a head injury.
_	Yadgar Muhammad Mirza had Abu Sa'id Mirza either beheaded or poisoned on the pretext that he had his great-grand mother Goharshad killed.
_	Thought previously to be advisers to the King, they murdered him during a feast in his palace, under the pretext that he had wronged their father.
_	Speaking of the importance of that precedent, the judge in his discussion said: "If such a contention is accepted a day will come when that part of history which is unpalatable to a particular religion will have to be kept in cold storage on the pretext that the publication of such history would constitute an offence punishable under Sec. 153A of the Penal Code.
_	During the night at the hotel, Cathy asks to hang out for a while in Jim's room under the pretext that the heat in her room is malfunctioning.
_	At 1179, when Gyeong Dae-seung, who had an opposite political position against Jeong Jung-bu took the government and pushed away Jeong's people, Yi's power in the government significantly decreased, and his past murder of Uijong became the pretext that Gyeong would use to eliminate him.
_	He had intended to let them deal with Hispania while he would gladly stay in Rome with the pretext that he had to stay there because he was the praefectus annonae.
_	Under the pretext that Judah had fled with his army from Gorgias' forces he began a search for them in the surrounding area.
_	Suspicious of Kit's relationship with Tunner, Port arranges for Eric Lyle to provide Tunner with transportation to Messad on the pretext that Port and Kit will meet him later.
_	Chhor was built at the place where 6th Sikh Guru Hargobind Sahib was arrested and held captive by Mughal Emperor Jahangir in 1609 at the age of 14 years on the pretext that the fine imposed on his father ,5th sikh Guru Arjan had not been paid by the Sikhs and Guru Hargobind.
_	Hitler finally dismissed Leopold as "Landesleiter" in February 1938 on the pretext that he wanted Austrian Nazis to follow legality.
_	KCs are often founded to introduce change to a system, an organizational or societal by identifying, creating, representing and/or distributing data, information and/or knowledge in and via a community context on the pretext that more significant value will be created via a knowledge value chain.
_	When Salomão Saragga was to take the stand to speak about the "Divinity of Jesus", the room was closed, under the pretext that the discussions were offensive to religion and to the "Fundamental Code of the Monarchy".
_	The shepherd, fed up with the activist's meddling, uses the pretext that the activist is being electrocuted by the tower to strike him with his crook.
_	Under the pretext that they would wait three years before paying the accumulated tribute at one time, Skuld assembled a large army which included strong warriors, criminals, elves and norns.
_	Sinatra apparently did not want to go on the tour, and on the pretext that his friend, songwriter Jimmy Van Heusen, was unable to get a seat on the flight to Australia, Sinatra cancelled the tour (it was also rumoured that Sinatra had simply decided to abandon the tour to play golf with Sammy Davis, Jr.).
_	the French authorities refused it integration to the French National Football League under the pretext that it was a nationalist club.
_	Rural areas also suffered as a result of tactics dictated to the National Army by US advisers; as admitted by high-ranking Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) officials in the documentary "Nam: the true story of Vietnam", a very efficient strategy applied during the Greek Civil War, and in the Vietnam and Korean Wars, was the evacuation of villages under the pretext that they were under direct threat of communist attack.
_	Police seized a house on the pretext that it was being used for selling drugs, after a couple's son was arrested for selling $40 worth of illegal drugs.
_	Under the pretext that they would wait three years before paying the accumulated tribute at one time, Skuld assembled a large army which included strong warriors, criminals, elves and norns.
_	The unjust person is never relieved of the responsibility of these acts under the pretext that the injustice is done against a heterodox and not to a believer.
_	Immediately afterward, he rushed home and the same night ostensibly complied with Cicero's demand and fled Rome under the pretext that he was going into voluntary exile at Massilia because of his "mistreatment" by the consul; however, he arrived at Manlius’ camp in Etruria to further his designs of revolution.
_	In June 1664 he organized an expedition from Barbados against the small French garrison at Saint Lucia, expelling it under the pretext that a half-Carib native had effectively "sold" it to England and establishing a short-lived English colony there.
_	In the Province of Brabant, nuns were ordered to strip under the pretext that they were spies or men in disguise.
_	The next evening she prepares dinner and gives him an extra slice of her ration of bread under the pretext that in the evening she can't take the bread all that well.
_	He officially proclaimed his supposed son in 1707 under the pretext that Tsangyang Gyatso had been erroneously initiated as the reincarnation of the 5th Dalai Lama (d. 1682).
_	He is called to London, on the pretext that he is to make a test for an army film, and a plan is devised that he should tour North Africa, impersonating "Monty".
_	His wife was also fired from her job at a hair salon on the pretext that her husband was a communist.
_	German soldiers then went through the Romani quarter and forcibly shaved the heads of all Romanis in Niš under the pretext that they had lice.
_	Yoshimitsu did not hesitate to use military force to reduce the "shugo" lords to obedience on the pretext that they had become too powerful.
_	Using the pretext that he was studying for Staff College examinations, he borrowed from the Aldershot Military Library specifications and photographs of an experimental tank, the Vickers A1E1 Independent, a new automatic rifle and notes on the organisation of tank and armoured car units.
_	The local fishermen are protesting against unauthorised diving practices being conducted by tourist agencies located in Goa, Murudeshwar and Bhatkal, on the pretext that, regular diving by tourists has driven away the abundant fish they once used to catch regularly.
_	During the turbulent 1960s and 1970s, and due to political machinations, Attard Kingswell had been removed from the General Workers Union on the pretext that he had helped the government of the day finalize a deal with the British government regarding the redundancies and compensation of workers employed with the UK Services on the rundown of the military bases in Malta.
_	On the day of the round up, the head of the Judenrat, Hersh Eisenberg, was murdered by the Germans under the pretext that he did not pay the requested contribution.
_	The government faced with widespread opposition withdrew the bill on January 25, on the pretext that an appeal to the Privy Council was in progress.
_	The king wished to end the marriage and repudiated Teresa Gil on the pretext that she had contracted leprosy.
_	Tom then arranges a meeting with Bernie, but sends Caspar instead on the pretext that he will be meeting Mink.
_	However, in a fit of jealousy, the directeurs kept Desgenettes in Paris, under the pretext that he could be more use to the Republic in a medical school rather than serving with the field hospitals.
_	Almost 4,000 were fired on the pretext that there was no work, or else the smallest dispute with or protest against the mine management was used to sack them.
_	Catherine the Great then exiled the group to Buryatia, on the pretext that they could there become farmers for the Cossack guards who defended the borders of the empire.
_	Thereafter, it was reported that on 4 July 2007 McBride and a number of cars of Ekurhuleni metro police detained and intimidated Patrick Johnston at a petrol station, on the pretext that he was driving a car with tinted windows which is against South African traffic law.
_	Additionally, the press in Mexico City, controlled by the landowners began referring to Zapata as a bandit and federal generals, such as Huerta, continued attacking his troops under the pretext that Zapata failed to demobilize in violation of the treaty.
_	A few buildings escaped destruction, including a small chapel at Shantigramma near Hassan, built in 1768 and said to have been saved by Tipu's Muslim officers on the pretext that it was used to store cotton.
_	On the pretext that the king of Odanad was involved in certain conspiracies against him, Marthanda Varma began a military campaign against Odanad with the aim of incorporating the kingdom into Travancore.
_	Kumar's first documentary film, the National Award winner "Inshallah, football" www.inshallahfootball.com, is a feature documentary about an aspiring footballer who was denied the right to travel abroad on the pretext that father was a militant in the 1990s.
_	Howard seized vessels of various nationalities on the pretext that they were carrying French cargoes.
_	In June 829, at the synod of Mainz, on the pretext that he had been unduly constrained by his abbot, he sought and obtained his liberty, withdrew first to Corbie, where he met Ratramnus, and then to the monastery of Orbais in the diocese of Soissons.
_	According to Nikita Khrushchev's memoirs, Beria had Lakoba's body exhumed and burned on the pretext that an "enemy of the people" did not deserve burial in Abkhazia; this was possibly done to hide evidence of poisoning.
_	In 1944 the latinization movement was officially curtailed in the communist-controlled areas [of China] on the pretext that there were insufficient trained cadres capable of teaching the system.
_	Then, on 30 April, Miguel, using the pretext that the King's life was in danger, imprisoned numerous ministers and important figures of the kingdom, while keeping his father "incommunicado" in the Bemposta Palace.
_	On the pretext that a mob was about to release them, Hodson executed the three princes at "Khooni Darwaza" (Bloody gate).
_	Inshallah, Football is a documentary film by Ashvin Kumar about an aspiring footballer who was denied the right to travel abroad on the pretext that father was a militant in the 1990s.
_	Pul, wife of former Arunachal Pradesh CM Kalikho Pul, decided to withdraw her letter to Khehar on the pretext that "the letter will lead to closure of other remedies".
_	The Sri Lanka Police said that, for instance, there were occasions where some individuals had lived in these lodges for over six months on the pretext that they had come to obtain their passports, which could be obtained in as little as one day.
_	Then on the 25th the South Korean army began to advance across the 38th parallel on the pretext that North Korea had made an incursion.”
_	One moves in with the now exhausted and inebriated Hanada under the pretext that he is deciding how to kill him.
_	When, as the result of the inquiry, it was discovered that the Byrnes had been the victims of false witnesses, Falkland was, on 10 August 1629, directed to hand over his authority to the lords justices on the pretext that his services were required in England.
_	A Socialist Theatre in Enzeli was razed to the ground by a police-led mob on the pretext that during a performance of "Tartuffe" a female actor had been on stage whilst in Tehran the Patriotic Women's Society was stoned and their library burnt down.
_	In 1944 the latinization movement was officially curtailed in the communist-controlled areas [of China] on the pretext that there were insufficient trained cadres capable of teaching the system.
_	After composing a farewell letter to be found after his death, he writes to Albert asking for his two pistols, on the pretext that he is going "on a journey".
_	Tarkovsky wanted to use a hidden camera to interview her on the pretext that it was research for the film.
_	In 1830 Poteca was forced to retire by General Kiseleff, under the pretext that he was too old.
_	Suryakant starts working energetically for Khalid and wipes out Khalid's sworn enemy, S.P. Naidu's (Zakir Hussain) men who eventually Khalid's enemies as also Khalid's men on the pretext that they were killed by Khalid's goons.
_	On 20 April 2007, the magazine's editors received a letter from the Minister of the Interior threatening to ban the magazine, on the pretext that its content could agitate the youth.
_	In April 1865, under the pretext that Prince Gong had "improper court conduct before the two empresses," among a series of other charges, the prince was dismissed from all his offices and appointments, but was allowed to retain his status as a noble.
