_	The exact reasons for Zhivkov's mass-scale assimilation programme are unclear, but it is believed that one of the main factors was the projection that by 1990 the Bulgarian population would experience a zero or negative population growth resulting in increasing Muslim population and declining Bulgarian population.
_	It has a long and narrow rostrum, which is the projection that forms the snout.
_	Following this line of reasoning, Deming further emphasized that "global warming is a scientific question, not a moral one," and argued that "the projection that the temperatures are becoming warmer is nothing more than speculation."
_	He was so impressed with the projection that he bought the bass at Geise' death (1948) and used it for all his solo work.
_	Peak oil is a term applied to the projection that future petroleum production (whether for individual oil wells, entire oil fields, whole countries, or worldwide production) will eventually peak and then decline at a similar rate to the rate of increase before the peak as these reserves are exhausted.
_	The Friars based their financial strategy on the projection that they could draw at least 2,000 fans per game by playing at home.
_	The image is the projection that an individual puts on an object or abstract idea.
_	It is premised on the projection that a strong worldwide intervention has the power to save over 6 million lives by 2015 through increasing access to, and appropriate use of, 13 lifesaving commodities that are underutilized during pregnancy, childbirth, and early childhood (especially under-five years).
_	Due to the immense river basin formed by the Zambezi River together with its tributaries, the Zambezi River System Plan is a culmination of a UN commission, to focus on the projection that the demand for the basins water resources would increase.
_	Furthermore, there was still the projection that the Los Angeles Lakers' first round pick that had belonged to the Suns before the 2014–15 season came and went was planned to convey itself for the draft in 2016, but they ultimately didn't due to lottery protections allowing the Lakers to keep their pick (which was Brandon Ingram at Pick 2) for another season.
_	Research by Moebs Services released in February, 2011 showed that as many as 90% of customers had chosen overdraft protection resulting in the projection that United States banks would post record profits from overdraft fees.
_	A function formula_3 is considered head-strict if formula_4, where formula_5 is the projection that head-evaluates its list argument.
_	However, the projection that oil prices would become ever-higher did not happen during this period.
