_	Gray helped to furnish the proof that Irish demands were not to be satisfied by anything other than by radical legislation.
_	[2.9] Experimental series establishing many properties of electromotility of isolated outer hair cells, including the proof that stereocilia displacement produces outer hair cell motility
_	It can be shown that both formula_27 and formula_28 are both formula_60-presentable and formula_60-acyclic (the proof that formula_28 is presentable and acyclic is not entirely straightforward and uses a detour through simplicial subdivision, which can also be handled using the above theorem).
_	Catherine goes to tell her father about the breakthrough, but he insists she read aloud the proof that he is working on.
_	Such a definition is normally said to be by transfinite recursion – the proof that the result is well-defined uses transfinite induction.
_	Notable results from Willwacher include the proof of Maxim Kontsevich cyclic formality conjecture and the proof that the Grothendieck–Teichmüller Lie algebra is isomorphic to the degree zero cohomology of Kontsevich’s graph complex.
_	He said that the proof that it was true was that the gentile who would teach him the song would forget it as soon as the rebbe learned it.
_	"k"-wise independence is used in the proof that k-independent hashing functions are secure unforgeable message authentication codes.
_	Gergel’s study of pogroms is very often quoted as the proof that the Ukrainian National Republic army, led by Symon Petliura, incited and took part in pogroms.
_	"One day I say, if I can find only one hair, only one hair of the eyebrow, I will have definitively the proof that originally Leonardo da Vinci had painted eyelash and eyebrow," said Cotte.
_	A typical application of the Eilenberg swindle in algebra is the proof that if "A" is a projective module over a ring "R" then there is a free module "F" with "A" + "F" = "F".
_	The day Vallejo is murdered, Luigi visits the prison and talks to Vallejo, and Vallejo tells him everything he knows, and that if he's killed, it's Chaparro's doing (Vallejo himself was asked to kill Luigi earlier in the telenovela; he was fully aware of what Chaparro was capable of) and wrote on a piece of paper the proof that Chaparro is behind the money laundering scheme.
_	According to the chivalry codes of that time, to withdraw from the battlefield under these circumstances instead of confronting this new threat and not remaining 3 days on the battlefield -as a sign of victory- would be the proof that he had not won.
_	Instead of losing his faith, he thinks that the proof that, even after accepting stem cell treatment, God did not punish him proves that God is merciful and all about love, as his daughter said.
_	His best-known single result may be the proof that the Tate-Shafarevich group, if it is finite, must have order that is a square; the proof being by construction of an alternating form.
_	The study of PIT is a building-block to many other areas of computational complexity, such as the proof that IP=PSPACE.
_	He is best known for the proof that the fragment of Frege's inconsistent logical theory of "Grundgesetze der Arithmetik" becomes consistent upon restricting the complexity of comprehension formulas in the second-order comprehension schema to formula_1; for his development of a system of subjunctive modal logic and its use in rebutting Kripke's modal argument against description theories of proper names; as well as for refining and defending the thesis that there is no binary identity relation between objects.
_	However, on July 1, 2009, Rivest posted a comment at NIST that MD6 is not yet ready to be a candidate for SHA-3 because of speed issues, a "gap in the proof that the submitted version of MD6 is resistant to differential attacks", and an inability to supply such a proof for a faster reduced-round version, although Rivest also stated at the MD6 website that it is not withdrawn formally.
_	Space groups in 2 dimensions are the 17 wallpaper groups which have been known for several centuries, though the proof that the list was complete was only given in 1891, after the much harder case of space groups had been done.
_	She further sings throughout the song, "The hearts I have touched will be the proof that I leaved that I made a difference".
_	According to Quran 24:4, the proof that adultery has occurred requires four eyewitnesses to the act, which must have been committed by a man and a woman not validly married to one another, and the act must have been wilfully committed by consenting adults.
_	The Wagner graph is triangle-free and has independence number three, providing one half of the proof that the Ramsey number "R"(3,4) (the least number "n" such that any "n"-vertex graph contains either a triangle or a four-vertex independent set) is 9.
_	As an example, the proof that two is a prime number starts:
_	One direction of the proof that these two models of computation are equivalent in power is the observation that, if a branching program of polynomial size exists, it can be specified by the advice function and simulated by the Turing machine.
_	This is the proof that Ohta was seeking, that Noriko had an innate ability which would be invaluable in the battles to come.
_	After all, the proof that John Reeve's calling had been authentic was supposed to have been because it was by voice of God, "as a man speaks to his friend" and not by visions which might be self-deceiving.
_	Example : A typical application of the Mazur swindle in geometric topology is the proof that the sum of two non-trivial knots "A" and "B" is non-trivial.
_	Michaël Rao of the École normale supérieure de Lyon claimed on 1 May 2017 to have found the proof that there are in fact no more than these 15 monohedral convex pentagonal tilings.
_	Significant later developments include a more detailed analysis of the probability distribution of the running time, and the proof that linear probing runs in constant time per operation with practically usable hash functions rather than with the idealized random functions assumed by earlier analysis.
_	The part of the proof that was salvaged was a constructive characterization and enumeration of Heegaard diagrams for homotopy 3-spheres.
_	For example, it is used in the proof that every compact 3-manifold has a standard spine.
_	That song is the proof that the music is bigger than any of us, bigger than any ego, because this project combined people from different cultures with different worldview".
_	It also deals with rational trigonometry's application to situations involving irrationals, such as the proof that Platonic Solids all have rational 'spreads' between their faces.
_	The basic idea of the proof that this relation is a well-quasi-ordering is to use induction on "d"; the forests of height "d" may be interpreted as sequences of forests of height "d" − 1 (formed by deleting the roots of the trees in the height-"d" forest) and Higman's lemma can be used together with the induction hypothesis to show that these sequences are well-quasi-ordered.
_	However, the proof that intelligent design was creationism re-labeled played a significant part in the Kitzmiller trial, and "cdesign proponentsists" has been described as "the missing link between creationism and intelligent design."
_	Lizzie moves through decon herself, once again needing to carry vital information in her head: namely, the proof that K-C has no intention of working on a counter-agent, and that furthermore, their regimen of placating research is tailored specifically to fool Jackson.
_	Ultimately, this approximation technique is a standard ingredient in the proof that simplicial homology groups are topological invariants.
_	The mine discovered in Tomaszów, Szydłowiec County and the part of mines in Orońsko are the proof that this kind of flint was mined by people from the Janislawice culture.
_	This event was seen by many as the proof that Grillo was slowly leaving politics.
_	For me, it was the proof that we were at the international level."
_	According to Alexandru Piru: "With "Moromeţii" Preda gives the proof that peasant world is not, as we were used to believe, governed by instincts, but is capable of great feelings, and that its soul reactions are infinite".
_	Part of the value of the critical sample may simply be the proof that the symptoms are indeed due to hypoglycemia.
_	Santana secretly recorded the encounter, and plays her evidence to New Directions, who in turn invite the Warblers to their auditorium, show them that they "get" Jackson better by performing "Black or White", and reveal to the Warblers the proof that Sebastian deliberately tried to injure one of them.
_	Anthony blackmails Tracy Quartermaine to marry him with the proof that she stole Gino Solieto's money after he died.
_	It has many applications, including the proof of generic flatness and the proof that higher direct images of coherent sheaves under proper morphisms are coherent.
_	By 1923 she had published the proof that boron was essential to the healthy growth of broad beans.
_	Below, the proof that computing the permanent of a 01-matrix is #P-complete is described.
_	The study provides irrefutable evidence using a discrete data set (state), with a clear variable (with or without medicinal cannabis use), and a measurable mortality rate may provide the proof that cannabis is a safer medication for those patients suffering from chronic pain such as that endured by cancer patients.
_	But in the 1930s, the proof that bacteriophages were viruses was provided by Christopher Andrewes (1896–1988) and others.
_	The motivation for accepting these seemingly nonconstructive principles is the intuitionistic understanding of the proof that "for each real number "x" there is a real number "y" such that "R"("x","y") holds".
_	His achievements include the proof that type inhabitation problem in simply typed lambda calculus is PSPACE-complete.
_	He has publicly stated that he exhibits them with pride, considering them the proof that reflects the arduous work done during all of the bloody bouts in which he has been involved.
_	The affidavit was the proof that the Jaysburg interests needed to discredit Williamsport as a possible location for the county seat.
_	In it, Hardy discusses why he finds two theorems of classical times as first rate, namely Euclid's proof there are infinitely many prime numbers, and the proof that the square root of 2 is irrational.
_	One of the most common is in the proof that the axiom of choice implies Zorn's lemma.
_	Amongst his most original contributions were: his "Conjecture II" (still open) on Galois cohomology; his use of group actions on trees (with Hyman Bass); the Borel–Serre compactification; results on the number of points of curves over finite fields; Galois representations in ℓ-adic cohomology and the proof that these representations have often a "large" image; the concept of "p"-adic modular form; and the Serre conjecture (now a theorem) on mod-"p" representations that made Fermat's last theorem a connected part of mainstream arithmetic geometry.
_	Later Frank Quinn completed the proof that the characterization conjecture holds if there is even a single manifold point.
_	Confronted with the proof that he killed his own brother, Dan draws his revolver and grabs Ann as a shield.
_	According to the Corollary, this completes the proof that formula_47 is prime.
_	The discovery of the glider gun eventually led to the proof that Conway's Game of Life could function as a Turing machine.
_	aware of the blackmail, and the proof that Myron's injury was intentional, he does not
_	However, a sketch of the proof that a countable group formula_85 can be embedded in an algebraically closed group follows.
_	Following this, Shreateh contacted Facebook's security team with the proof that his bug was real, explaining in detail what was going on.
_	For a Pauli channel, the coherent information has a simple form and the proof that it is achievable is particularly simple as well.
_	The burden of the proof that a dismissal was fair lies with the employer.
_	And this is the proof that the car is the symbol of Toyota’s quality, durability and reliability"”.
_	It is straightforward to argue that without loss of generality, formula_54; for details, see a similar without loss of generality assumption in the proof that PP is closed under complementation.
_	It also empowered any constable, on the written request (and risk) of the copyright owner or his or her designated agent, to seize without warrant any infringing copy being hawked for sale and bring them before a court; on the proof that they were copyright infringements, they could then be disposed of by the court as above.
_	For example, the proof that one party does not leak any password information in the data exchange must hold true for the other party based on the symmetry.
_	It is important a taxpayer does not destroy the P60 forms issued to them, as they form a vital part of the proof that tax has been paid.
_	This was an important contribution to the proof that Newton's law of universal gravitation applied to objects beyond the solar system.
_	For formula_17, let the proof that the PCP system reads be a satisfying assignment for the input 3-CNF, Φ.
_	In the UK, and other countries which do not require certification, the proof that the manufacturer has not substituted other materials apart from those used in the original testing is based on trust in the ethics or the culpability of the manufacturer.
_	From a theoretical point of view, this algorithm is a part of the proof that they both accept exactly the same languages, that is, the regular languages.
_	In "Sullivan", the Supreme Court adopted the term and gave it constitutional significance, at the same time defining it in terms of the proof that had previously been usual.
_	The mice which were nursed by the treated females were protected from the poison, providing the proof that antibodies can also be conveyed in milk.
_	The existence of short lists of candidate witnesses follows from the fact that for each composite "n", 3/4s of all possible "a" values are witnesses; a simple counting argument similar to the one in the proof that BPP in P/poly below shows that there "exists" a suitable list of "a" values for every input size, although finding it may be expensive.
_	Throughout the "First Apology", Justin argues that Jesus Christ is the incarnation of the Logos, which leads him to the proof that any individual who has spoken with reason, even those who lived before Christ, connected with the logos in the form of Christ, and is thus, in fact, a Christian.
_	This construction, along with the proof that the function is not differentiable over any interval was first delivered by Weierstrass in a paper presented to the Königliche Akademie der Wissenschaften on 18 July 1872.
_	Finally, even if the climatic conditions at Le Port are challenging especially because of the high temperatures, INNOVAL is the proof that the construction of a building without excessive energy consumption, especially one by using air conditioning, is possible in tropical zones.
_	This was the proof that one had shown the right skills as a ranger and had become tough enough to withstand a long time under primitive conditions.
_	This was done by close textual analysis of the word in the "Tanakh" in order to present what Maimonides saw as the proof that according to the "Tanakh", God is completely incorporeal: “[The Rambam] set up the incorporeality of God as a dogma, and placed any person who denied this doctrine upon a level with an idolater; he devoted much of the first part of the "Moreh Nevukhim" to the interpretation of the Biblical anthropomorphisms, endeavoring to define the meaning of each and to identify it with some transcendental metaphysical expression.
_	That generalized ideal class groups are finite is proved along the same lines of the proof that the usual ideal class group is finite, well in advance of knowing these are Galois groups of finite abelian extensions of the number field.
_	The beauty which is inherent in the form of the world (this inherency is proven, for her, in geometry, and expressed in all good art) is the proof that the world points to something beyond itself; it establishes the essentially telic character of all that exists.
_	What makes them so is their originality, the proof that they are the works of a genius.
_	Together with the above result that TQBF is in PSPACE, this completes the proof that TQBF is a PSPACE-complete language.
_	It borrows directly from the notion of running a program on itself as input, which is also used in various proofs in theoretical computer science, such as the proof that the halting problem is undecidable.
_	Wagner considered the choral finale of Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony to be the proof that music works better with words, famously saying:
_	In 1838, he spoke to over 5000 "working class men" in Manchester and told them that the presence of so large an audience gave him the proof that "the working class man was with him".
_	Cherry helped make mathematical history when he published, in collaboration with such distinguished combinatorialists as E.T. Parker and Walter Wallis, a construction of orthogonal pairs of doubly diagonal Latin squares of order 10, thus completing the proof that such pairs exist for all orders other than 2,3 and 6.
_	Theophrastus introduced his Physics with the proof that all natural existence, being corporeal and composite, requires "principles", and first and foremost, motion, as the basis of all change.
_	This completes the proof that, for any integer "m", and integers "e", "d" such that ,
_	He has made notable contributions to the proof that irrational automatic numbers are transcendental and the proof of a conjecture of Erdős on the intersection of the Euler function and the sum of divisors function.
_	That he changed his surname is supposed to be the proof that his mother was Aboriginal; and that the owner of the stud James Wilson was devoted to St Albans is supposed to be the proof that either he or his son is St Albans' father.
_	From another, more theoretical point of view, Glushkov's algorithm is a part of the proof that NFA and regular expressions both accept exactly the same languages; that is, the regular languages.
_	Lewis quoted an exchange between a Yemeni captive who asked for the proof that backed up the allegations against him, and the President's response:
_	The fact that the abacus/counter machine models can simulate the recursive functions provides the proof that:
_	Notice that the proof that L is a model of ZFC only requires that V be a model of ZF, i.e. we do NOT assume that the axiom of choice holds in V.
_	The judges report the destruction of the city to McGruder, who despairs of ever preventing the disaster, since the proof that it has happened is before her eyes.
_	"St. Joseph is the model of those humble ones that Christianity raises up to great destinies;...he is the proof that in order to be a good and genuine follower of Christ, there is no need of great things-it is enough to have the common, simple and human virtues, but they need to be true and authentic."
_	For Wolverine, it is the proof that she is truly herself again.
_	The first scroll illustrates the burning of the Otemmon gate while people tried to put out the flames, followed by the proof that Makoto was unjustly accused of his actions during the misunderstandings.
_	There is a deterministic version of it, but the proof that it works depends on the generalized Riemann hypothesis; the output from this test is ""n" is definitely composite" or "either "n" is prime or the GRH is false".
_	One of the great triumphs of Galois Theory was the proof that for every , there exist polynomials of degree which are not solvable by radicals (this was proven independently, using a similar method, by Niels Henrik Abel a few years before, and is the Abel–Ruffini theorem), and a systematic way for testing whether a specific polynomial is solvable by radicals.
_	The versatile qualities of the Burhagoain, and the proof that he gave of his lofty and noble ideals, made him the darling of the people.
_	Her contributions include axiomatic models of players' theory of the game and the proof that—in a large class of games—a player's theory of the game is consistent only if the player's knowledge is limited.
_	As this could be done for any proposition, this completes the proof that the axiom of choice implies the law of the excluded middle.
_	This is an equivalence relation on "L"; the proof that it is transitive is quite hard.
_	The Lazard-Rioboo contribution is the proof that formula_136 is the subresultant of degree of formula_138 and formula_139
_	Whatever is proven to exist in a theory clearly provably exists in any extension of that theory; moreover, analysis of the proof that an object exists in a given theory may show that it exists in weaker versions of that theory (one may consider Zermelo set theory instead of ZFC for much of what is done in this article, for example).
_	For male speakers however, the language quickly acquired a meaning of city-slickness and street-wisdom, and mastering it was the proof that one knew the urban environment well enough to cope and not be threatened.
_	He stressed this to point out "that the Mahogany Ship, and the Geelong Keys, and other things of that sort, are not part of the proof that the Portuguese discovered Australia.
_	4. This is a key step in the proof that for every "n" > 4 there are polynomials of degree "n" which are not solvable by radicals (Abel–Ruffini theorem).
_	Who then is likely to listen, let alone to respond, to the proof that nothing short of major movements of population can shift the lines along which we are being carried towards disaster?"
_	A single legal document from 1432 is all the proof that there is that this village even existed, and even at the time that that was written, the settlement had already been abandoned.
_	Alexander from "Polygon" said it was the proof that YouTube Red could be great, characterizing the series as "enjoyable" and "authentically YouTube".
_	His work today is considered part of the proof that Tulip Mania took place, although there is reason to believe that this is also just part of early Haarlem tourist propaganda.
_	Dharmakirti uses the Buddha's infinite compassion (karuṇā) as a basis for the proof that he is a reliable source of knowledge, as he writes "Compassion is the proof [of the Buddha being a means of knowledge]."
_	From Wilson's proof, Raymond Puzio developed the proof that in any positional base system there is only a finite set of sum-product numbers.
_	These young and resolute painters harbour the proof that art did not die at the end of Renaissance, but that it is just confronted at entirely new tasks-the first being to create a beauty of a new world."
_	The Wambule say that the proof that a human is made of dung and ashes is given by the bad odour emitted by rubbing one’s body.
_	The output is the proof that the program is correct or a demonstration that there exists a violation of the specification by means of a counterexample in the form of a specific execution path.
_	The most important of these results was the proof that Greenland was an island, deduced from tidal observations and the discovery of walnut drift wood, indicating a connection between the Greenland Sea and the Bering Sea.
_	Economist Jeffrey Sachs is a proponent of the Nordic model, having pointed out that the Nordic model is "the proof that modern capitalism can be combined with decency, fairness, trust, honesty, and environmental sustainability."
_	Ibn Khafif reported from his teacher Ibn Surayj that the proof that love of Allah was a categorical obligation ("fard") was in the verses: "Say: If your fathers, and your sons, and your brethren, and your wives, and your tribe, and the wealth you have acquired, and merchandise for which you fear that there will be no sale, and dwellings you desire are dearer to you than Allah and His messenger and striving in His way: then wait till Allah brings
_	Unfair dismissal in Namibia is defined by the "Labour Act, 2007", under which the employer has the burden of the proof that a dismissal was fair.
_	This also implies that there may always be a better compiler since the proof that one has the best compiler cannot exist.
_	It was the proof that we are still united and powerful",".
_	The proof that the decimal expansion of a rational number must terminate or repeat is distinct from the proof that a decimal expansion that terminates or repeats must be a rational number, and although elementary and not lengthy, both proofs take some work.
_	Walid believes this is because she is in love with Amir, and once Walid finds out who Amir really is, Walid sends Shirin the proof that Amir is Doron, and she walks out on him during a date.
_	The annulment of the election results in 1948 and the attack on Dr. Valverde's home on the same day appeared to provide Figueres the proof that he needed to show that the government had no intention of ceding to the will of the people.
_	It borrows directly from the notion of running a program on itself as input, which is also used in various proofs in theoretical computer science, such as the proof that the halting problem is undecidable.
_	Thus, this holds whether "i" is even or odd and the proof that IP ⊆ PSPACE is complete.
_	Opposition deputies have assured that the birth certificate of Maduro must say mandatorily that he is the son of a Colombian mother, which would represent the proof that confirms that the president has a double nationality and that he cannot hold any office under Article 41 of the constitution.
_	Description numbers play a key role in many undecidability proofs, such as the proof that the halting problem is undecidable.
_	His main achievement (with Brazilian logician and philosopher Newton da Costa) is the proof that chaos theory is undecidable (published in 1991), and when properly axiomatized within classical set theory, is incomplete in the sense of Gödel.
_	It is a common trap to believe these expressions represent distinct numbers: see the proof that 0.999... equals 1 for detailed discussion of a related case.
_	Finally, there are other important applications of these ideas and methods, most notably to the proof that there cannot be non-translation invariant Gibbs states in 2-dimensional systems.
_	The non-trivial step in their deduction is the proof that, as formula_5, the last two terms of the energy function (i.e. the last integral term of the energy functional) converge to the edge set integral ∫d"s".
_	While Voevodsky continued to work out the final details of the proofs of the main theorems about motivic Eilenberg–MacLane spaces, Charles Weibel invented an approach to correct the place in the proof that had to modified.
_	Indeed, the proof that a logical system or theory is undecidable will use the formal definition of computability to show that an appropriate set is not a decidable set, and then invoke Church's thesis to show that the theory or logical system is not decidable by any effective method (Enderton 2001, pp. 206"ff.").
_	Claiming that the experiment is a threat to the entire galaxy, Angela gives them the location of a testing facility on planet Dobbo where it was created and advises them to seek out the proof that backs up her story.
_	When Indian OPP officials arrived on the reserve to read out in the Anishinaabe language an injunction obtained by the CNR, Abraham emplored, "Why do we always have to show the proof that our land has been taken but those who stole our land never have to prove anything."
_	This result is important in the proof that the existence of a measurable cardinal implies that formula_6 sets are determined.
_	In "Revelations" Pt. 2, General Abernathy is with the Falcons, when the Joes and Professor Patrick O'Hara turn themselves in, with the proof that General Abernathy wanted.
_	Round 2: each participant formula_5 publishes formula_11 where formula_12 is either 0 or 1, together with a 1-out-of-2 zero knowledge proof for the proof that formula_12 is one of formula_14.
_	Sayuri is quite possibly the only person or creature Katana has ever truly and completely loved since the day he lost his memory, if only because she is the part of him that remembers, and the proof that he is, at heart, just a lonely little boy.
_	It was the proof that we are still united and powerful,".
_	In "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince", the discovery of the diary is revealed as the proof that leads to Dumbledore beginning the hunt for other Horcruxes, as it not only gives absolute proof that Voldemort split his soul, but also that there were likely other, better protected artifacts, given the risk Voldemort was taking by using the diary as a weapon.
_	However, the proof that six colors are always enough is more complicated.
_	Others remain hopeful citing the fact that the species complex life cycle offers numerous options for vaccines and treatments, as well as the proof that partial immunity does occur in endemic areas in some people.
_	Kiki, in turn, wants to get Sidonia's pink diamond ring so that she can use the inscribed instructions to find directions to the proof that Sidonia's mother had killed her mother.
_	This is quite distinct from the proof by similarity of triangles, which is conjectured to be the proof that Pythagoras used.
_	Renzi was harshly criticised by many within the Democratic Party's left-wing minority for the deal with Berlusconi, as well as by the Five Star Movement of Beppe Grillo who said the "Nazareno Pact" was the proof that there are no differences between the Italian centre-left and centre-right.
_	This method is used, for example, in the proof that there is no free complete lattice on three or more generators.
_	The affidavit was the proof that the Jaysburg interests needed to discredit Williamsport as a possible location for the county seat.
_	For a detailed definition of free current and bound current, and the proof that the two formulations are equivalent, see the "proof" section below.
_	It can be seen from the proof that the supremum is attained when
_	One early application of Littlewood–Paley theory was the proof that if "S" are the partial sums of the Fourier series of a periodic "L" function ("p" > 1) and "n" is a sequence satisfying "n"/"n" > "q" for some fixed "q" > 1, then the sequence "S" converges almost everywhere.
_	The Yeşil Mosque can be shown as the perfect blend between architecture and embellishment, the proof that such works of art were produced in a country where the battles between siblings had come to an end and peace had returned.
_	Following that, Shreateh contacted Facebook's security team with the proof that his bug was real, explaining in detail what was going on.
_	This may include the relatives for which one is eligible to obtain such a ticket, the proof that is required, and the price that is charged in comparison with other fares..
_	In this cause the plaintiff was nonsuited, based the proof that was given of his having himself grossly libelled every respectable character in the kingdom, from the sovereign down to the lowest of his subjects.
_	The supervisor expected the client/patient (the person who is receiving, or should be receiving if Carestar would fill the hours available to that client/patient) to gather the proof that no permit was taken out for the work-the very job (or part of the job) for which this Supervisor was being paid.
_	He said that the proof that it was true was that the gentile who would teach him the song would forget it as soon as the rebbe learned it.
_	The rest of the proof that κ is α-hyper-inaccessible mimics the proof that it is α-inaccessible.
_	Francesca T. Royster suggests that contemporary interpretations of Cleopatra consider her African-American traits: "Cleopatra has 'soul'—she provides the proof that there is a locatable black aesthetic transcendent of time and place."
_	As this fragment shows the full height of the page, it is the proof that it could not be cut in two in order to be used as the pastedowns for the Drexel manuscript.
_	Caginalp's thesis [1,2,3] is the proof that the free energy, F, of a lattice system occupying a region formula_3 with volume formula_4 and surface area formula_5 can be written as
_	For example, the pamphlet, quoting the aforementioned Daily Yanbian article, argued that Zhu's mention about "Fatherland" (refer to the underlined part) is the proof that he is a North Korean agent.
_	But the court rhetorically asked "[w]ho is going to provide the proof that his prayers were efficacious, and that the saint caused the numbers to win?"
_	It borrows directly from the notion of running a program on itself as input, which is also used in various proofs in theoretical computer science, such as the proof that the halting problem is undecidable.
_	Both these results can be proved by the tube lemma which is used in the proof that a product of "finitely many" compact spaces is compact.
_	However Dr. Bovet, who has received a Nobel Prize for medicine, and one of the authors of the French discovery, wrote in 1988: "Today, we have the proof that the chemists of Elberfeld were unaware of the properties of sulfanilamide at the time of our discovery and that it was by our communication that they were informed.
_	However, the contracted Bianchi identities, which are sufficient for the proof that Einstein tensor always vanishes, had been published by Aurel Voss in 1880.
_	Michael J. Warren called "In My Mind" "the most earnest soul album in years," saying that the record is "the proof that his ascension is hardly luck, but rather the result of a 15-year grind and a tremendous work ethic."
_	"Here was the proof that the [political economy] built by the businessman and the old party politician was defective.
_	A classic proof by contradiction from mathematics is the proof that the square root of 2 is irrational.
_	Meyer adds that the proof that positive thinking cannot work is that according to Peale, even with God's power on one's side, one still cannot face negative reality, which is always stronger.
_	Indeed, if you are sincere you will soon discover that each of their failures is a sure sign of a corresponding deficiency in yourself, the proof that something in you is not perfect enough to be all-powerful."
_	Another asked not to be mentioned in the credits (though it was stated in the director's commentary that he constantly asked, "where is the proof that certain things were exactly like they say?").
_	The name of the move is suggested by the proof that these diagrams give the same 3-manifold.
_	This was caused by several factors, including the extra work required to handle forcing in NBG, Cohen's 1966 presentation of forcing, which used ZF, and the proof that NBG is a conservative extension of ZFC.
_	Both proofs used methods from complex analysis, establishing as a main step of the proof that the Riemann zeta function ζ("s") is non-zero for all complex values of the variable "s" that have the form "s" = 1 + "it" with "t" >
_	The pandemic killed 40–50 million people in less than a year, but the proof that it was caused by a virus was not obtained until 1933.
_	These recording devices now provide the proof that the turn-points have been reached.
_	With (Bill) Crooks as his right-hand man, Berry produced a catalogue of some 3000 plant species and varieties and with it the proof that Eastwoodhill was worth preserving".
_	Both proofs used methods from complex analysis, establishing as a main step of the proof that the Riemann zeta function is non-zero for all complex values of the variable that have the form with .
_	This proof is similar to the proof that an order embedding between partially ordered sets is injective.
_	The above approach to decimal expansions, including the proof that 0.999... = 1, closely follows
_	The term was introduced by Tuval Foguel in 1997 and arose in the context of the proof that for finite groups, every quasinormal subgroup is a subnormal subgroup.
_	Mohammad Momin Khawaja (born April 14, 1979 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian found guilty of involvement in a plot to plant fertilizer bombs in the United Kingdom; while working as a software engineer under contract to the Foreign Affairs department in 2004 became the first person charged and found guilty under the Canadian Anti-Terrorism Act following the proof that he communicated with British Islamists plotting a bomb attack.
_	This meant that the proof that the A-Team members were acting under orders had been destroyed.
