_	The most radical change of all perhaps, is the proposal that the Governor General and in similar manner the Officers administering the Island Governments shall not have the power to disregard the advice of their Executive Councils.
_	William III vainly strove to detain him in England by the proposal that he should decorate Hampton Court, for Le Brun was dead, and Mansart pressed La Fosse to return to Paris to take in hand the cupola of Les Invalides.
_	He originated the proposal that the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics be used as the basis for a new space agency, which eventually became the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
_	Colbert played a subordinate role in the struggle between the king and the papacy as to the royal rights over vacant bishoprics, and he seems to have sympathised with the proposal that suggested seizing part of the wealth of the clergy.
_	One of his theories is the proposal that man has the extraordinary capability to adapt to live in the hypoxic environment of the highest point on the planet Earth: the summit of Mt. Everest.
_	He entices Marona and company to work in his interest under the proposal that if they can defeat Sulfer within a certain number of days, he will revive all of the people who were felled by the darkness that swallowed Ivoire.
_	Allan Benson, a newspaper editor from New York, within a short time came to dominate the field through his fervent opposition to militarism, running on the proposal that all future participation in wars should be voted upon in a national referendum.
_	Certain skin cells are somewhat resistant to PDT in the absence of molecular oxygen; further supporting the proposal that the Type-II process is at the heart of photoinitiated cell death.
_	According to Srinivasan, the proposal that it is proto-Shiva may be a case of projecting "later practices into archeological findings".
_	Together, they persuaded the Alumni Association to front the necessary funds to start publishing, with the proposal that the paper should be owned by the entire student body.
_	Members of the North Mount Barker Football Club (the "Demons") approached the South Mount Barker "Hawks" with the proposal that both teams amalgamate to make a stronger team for the town.
_	Emission theory or extramission theory (variants: extromission, extromittism) is the proposal that visual perception is accomplished by eye beams emitted by the eyes.
_	It was concluded that the proposal that its dentition was used for bark-stripping was not supported by the data, which showed that under that scenario, the skull and teeth would undergo extreme stresses.
_	The notion of participatory sense-making has led to the proposal that interaction processes can sometimes play constitutive roles in social cognition (De Jaegher, Di Paolo, Gallagher, 2010).
_	The book concludes with the proposal that America is employing bad capitalism and extends Gresham's Law of currency to suggest that our good capitalism will be driven out by the bad.
_	The "Doug Jones Average," a concept created by Jim Hightower, is the proposal that in order to check the true health of the American economy, it is less useful to look at the Dow Jones Industrial Average than it is to check up on how Doug Jones down the street is doing.
_	A more critical attitude began to prevail in the 18th century, as evidenced by the proposal that a congregation set up by Pope Benedict XIV presented to him in 1741 that the reading of the legend be removed from the Roman Breviary and that the original name, "Dedicatio Sanctae Mariae", be restored.
_	Nishaal finally finds out that the proposal that has come for Rabail is of Zain.
_	A second referendum was planned with voters offered a choice between the proposal that received the most votes in the 1977 referendum, and a new proposal.
_	Likewise, the proposal that Jesus was a Zealot does not fit with the earliest strata of the Synoptic tradition.
_	These behaviours led to the proposal that MutH determines which strand contains the mismatch.
_	From there came the proposal that consisted in fusing the design of Marlboro and the word Colombia."
_	In 2009, the Governing Body of the college unanimously adopted the proposal that the college should be given full university status.
_	A poll conducted by Gallup Føroyar in April 2016, requested by Kringvarp Føroya and Miðlahúsið (Sosialurin, in.fo and Rás2), asked respondents whether they support the proposal that would legalize civil same-sex-marriage.
_	Stretton was invited on to a television show to debate the proposal that "Women can't drive or race", and in light of her feisty and intellectual defence of women as drivers and her actual track record, was offered a position with Channel 4 to co-present their motorsports coverage under the title ""Motorsport on 4"" which included the British Formula 3, GT, MGF and Rally Championships, as well as the Anglo-American Stock Car Racing series and UK Supercross.
_	Nectan puts forth the proposal that the warriors should no longer fight the Roman raiders but rather retreat when they approach, as the tribe's very existence is threatened by their losses.
_	He strongly supported government against the proposal that peace negotiations with France be begun in 1809.
_	Rishi then creates a scene in Viswanath's office beating up security guy and destroying computers in the office, Rishi clarifies that in the proposal that beggar be married to Rishi's sister there is no love between the two, but Rishi and Anjali love each other.
_	Furthermore, EhV DNA was also detected in copepods, leading to the proposal that viruses are further dispersed by virus-carrying zooplankton.
_	In 2007, when new laws were drafted, the Ministry of Public Security was opposed to the proposal that would allowing judicial review before punishment was enforced.
_	Dall led negotiations in Bergen between 22 April and 19 May 1604, and a draft of a new ordinance became the basis of the proposal that was presented to the king that same year.
_	In the 19th century Sylvester Jourdain's pamphlet, "A Discovery of The Barmudas" (1609), was proposed as that source, but this was superseded in the early 20th century by the proposal that "True Reportory" was Shakespeare's source because of perceived parallels in language, incident, theme, and imagery.
_	In response to the proposal that the RAF should use its own rank titles, it was suggested that the RAF might use the Royal Navy's officer ranks, with the word "air" inserted before the naval rank title.
_	The core of the Leont'ev's work is the proposal that we can examine human processes from the perspective of three different levels of analysis.
_	The group was a diverse group of diplomats, scholars, and politicians, most in favor of the proposal that 100,000 displaced persons be admitted to Palestine.
_	In response to the proposal that the RAF should use its own rank titles, it was suggested that the RAF might use the Royal Navy's officer ranks, with the word "air" inserted before the naval rank title.
_	As such, p21 acts as an effective inhibitor of DNA S-phase DNA synthesis though permits NER, leading to the proposal that p21 acts to preferentially select polymerase processivity factors depending on the context of DNA synthesis.
_	About 1890 the proposal that there should be a Nonconformist Church Congress analogous to the Anglican Church Congress was seriously considered, and the first was held in Manchester on 7 November 1892.
_	He also spoke against the proposal that politicians who left their party should automatically lose their seats, noting that when he switched to the PDP all his people had come with him and only troublemakers had stayed behind in the AC.
_	Furthermore, results of multiple object tracking studies (discussed below) are "incompatible with the proposal that items are accessed by moving around a single spotlight of attention."
_	Earlier in 1947 Botvinnik had written an article in which he stated the need to prevent champions from avoiding the strongest challengers and to make sure that the financial arrangements were satisfactory for both players and for whoever was hosting the events; he supported the proposal that the vacant world championship should be filled by the winner of a multi-round all-play-all tournament; and proposed a system for selecting future challengers that was very like FIDE's 1946 proposals and the system that operated from 1948 to 1963.
_	The king bent to necessity, and on 20 April 1792 came to the Assembly with the proposal that war should be declared against Austria.
_	It is hardly necessary to say that Innocent VII was unreceptive to the proposal that he as well as Benedict XIII should resign in the interests of peace.
_	In 1871 he made the proposal that a new naval dockyard should be constructed in Gibraltar.
_	Another sign came before Meech Lake was finalized, when Bouchard resigned from both the cabinet and the party over changes to the proposal that he felt diluted its spirit.
_	In opposition to the proposal that Pietism should be considered the best means of promoting the union of the Lutheran and the Reformed Churches (advocated at the time by the Prussian Government), Löscher published several works, including "Ausführliche Historia motuum zwischen den Evangelisch-Lutherischen und Reformierten" (3 parts, Frankfort, 1707–08).
_	In August 2007, the FDA put out for consultation the proposal that a version of this protocol be used to inform users of American product of the protection that it gives against UVA; but this was not adopted, for fear it would be too confusing.
_	This will give the number of votes against the proposal that (A,A...,A) beats (A...,A,B), i.e. the number of votes in favour of the proposal that (A...,A,B) beats (A,A...,A).
_	Under the model, it further supported the proposal that the MFB include a medical first responder function.
_	The Greater London Authority publication 'Human Streets' of March 2016, contained the proposal that the tunnel could be opened for cycling, in order to connect cyclists using the busy Theobalds Road route with the East-West Cycle Superhighway on the Embankment, thereby avoiding four junctions difficult for cyclists.
_	A poll taken within the church revealed that only 28% of members supported this concept, and conservative factions vowed to defeat the proposal that would be tabled at the 32nd General Council later that year.
_	Uyghurs' Bayanchur Khan gave a daughter to Li Chengcai in marriage, and returned him and Pugu with the proposal that he be allowed to marry a Tang princess.
_	These findings support the proposal that awareness acts like the internal model for the control of attention.
_	A task force was assigned and came back with the proposal that the question should be up to the discretion of the presbyteries.
_	Local opposition through the Stop Hanley Grange Group of Parish Councils, is focused on lack of infrastructure, overbuilding already in Cambridgeshire, and the proposal that the development of the eco town concept on such a scale is best dealt with through an alternative scheme at Northstowe, north of Cambridge.
_	On 28 August 2009, a group of Malaysian Muslims staged a protest against the proposal that a Hindu shrine be relocated to a predominantly Muslim neighborhood.
_	Founded in 1997, with the support and assistance of the International Federation of Air Line Pilots' Associations (IFALPA), the organisation was a response to the recognition that the airline industry was rapidly evolving towards airline globalisation and an indication of this was the proposal that one regional airline be created.
_	The community had proposed and continue to reiterate the proposal that temporary schools be erected in Tomoi, Kapchepkedta, Laboot and Toboo.
_	Combined with ancient literary evidence this had led to the proposal that the Timpone della Motta was the site of Lagaria.
_	She later visits Frank with the proposal that he moves in with her.
_	The recommendation that seems to have caused the greatest amount of resistance among anglophones, and therefore to have played the critical role in the transformation of Poore’s organization from its original purpose to the bilingualism issue, was the proposal that the provincial public service be made more open to francophones.
_	The opening scene of the novel closely imitates Jane Austen's "Pride and Prejudice", as Lord Dibbleshire proposes to Lady India using speech very similar to the proposal that Darcy gives Elizabeth; James intends this as foreshadowing that India has much in common with Elizabeth, and Dibbleshire is just as arrogant as Darcy.
_	The Rockwood Library was the only new building in the proposal that would not replace another branch.
_	The SSHRC reason for the rejection included the statement that "Nor did the committee consider that there was adequate justification for the assumption in the proposal that the theory of Evolution, and not Intelligent Design theory, was correct".
_	Also, several members of the Assembly were in favour of a parliamentary republic (the original drafts of the Constitution provided for a parliamentary system of Government within a republic, but a vote by the Assembly altered the draft so as to preserve the presidential Executive); those members of the Assembly who favored a parliamentary model and who had been defeated in the system of Government vote then supported the proposal that led to the inclusion in the Constitution of the provision summoning the referendum.
_	In 1989, Woetzel assisted A. N. R. Robinson and Benjamin Ferencz in drafting the proposal that reintroduced the idea of an International Criminal Court to the General Assembly.
_	She would have seen her mother propose the second motion that called on the audience to support the proposal that women who were legally qualified should enter their names on the electoral register.
_	Welcomes the proposal that a meeting of experts be convened for the purpose of devising a system of controls to facilitate the implementation of the measures contained in Resolution 1173 (1998), including arrangements that would allow for increased transparency and accountability in the control of diamonds from their point of origin to the bourses, emphasizes that it is important that, in devising such controls, every effort be made to avoid inflicting collateral damage on the legitimate diamond trade, and welcomes the intention of the Republic of South Africa to host a relevant conference this year".
_	The presentation was on the proposal that demarcates the limits of the outer continental shelf beyond 200 nm in part of the East China Sea.
_	This dispute, as well as Chinese demands that the flag and the national anthem of the Republic of China be banned along the route led the government of Taiwan to reject the proposal that it be part of the relay route, and the two sides of the Taiwan Strait subsequently blamed each other for injecting politics into the event.
_	Ericsson originally made no submission to the board, but became involved when Cornelius Bushnell, the sponsor of the proposal that became the armored sloop , needed to have his design reviewed by a naval constructor.
_	In 2008, the company announced that they wanted to reduce the speed to save diesel usage, but the county municipalities said no to the proposal that would increase travel time by 20 minutes.
_	Her organelle genesis ideas are now widely accepted, but the proposal that symbiotic relationships explain most genetic variation is still something of a fringe idea.
_	These results were the basis for the proposal that the perturbation in the pK of Lys115 was due to its proximity to the positively charged ε-ammonium group of Lys116 in the active site.
_	Plato, his student, and Aristotle, Plato's student, developed complex approaches to the proposal that the cosmos has an intelligent cause, but it was the Stoics who, under their influence, "developed the battery of creationist arguments broadly known under the label 'The Argument from Design.
_	In April 2008, Mulholland called for the England national rugby league team to replace "God Save the Queen" with an English national anthem at the Rugby League World Cup to be held in Australia in autumn 2008 and on 28 April he put forward another EDM in the House of Commons, noting that Scotland and Wales who were also taking part in the World Cup, would also have their own national anthems, and therefore calling on England to use a distinctive English anthem, with the proposal that English rugby league fans should be given the chance to choose this.
_	Ultimately successful along with others, stopping the proposal that Wellington follow Auckland and become a “Super City”.
_	There was also a separate question asked only in the Uzbek SSR, with 95% of voters voting in favour of the proposal that the country "should remain part of a renewed Union (federation) as a sovereign republic with equal rights".
_	Essayist Paolo Gulisano said the "Harry Potter" novels offer lessons in the importance of love and self-giving, but Professor Edoardo Rialti described Harry Potter as "the wrong kind of hero" and said that, "Despite several positive values that can be found in the story, at the foundations of this tale is the proposal that of witchcraft as positive, the violent manipulation of things and people thanks to the knowledge of the occult, an advantage of a select few: the ends justify the means because the knowledgeable, the chosen ones, the intellectuals know how to control the dark powers and turn them into good…
_	If no proposal receives a majority of the vote, the proposal that received the fewest votes will be eliminated; any ballots with this proposal as first choice will be redistributed to the other options according to the second preference.
_	This led some of Chomsky's early students to the idea of 'generative semantics'—the proposal that the speaker generates word and sentence meanings by combining irreducible constituent elements of meaning, each of which can be switched 'on' or 'off'.
_	Devices such as Chromebooks, Tablet PCs, Ultrabooks and other devices responded by branding themselves as a different type of device such as Chrome OS being exclusively a pure web client or the proposal that the ultrabook succeeded by compensating for its lighter weight and otherwise equal-performance parts with a higher price tag.
_	Experiments have corroborated the proposal that the principles that guide the possibilities that people think about most readily, explain their tendencies to focus on, for example, exceptional events rather than normal events, actions rather than inactions, and more recent events rather than earlier events in a sequence.
_	The details of his theory are widely cited but controversial, as it involves the proposal that Semitic originated in Ethiopia and crossed to Asia directly from there over the Red Sea.
_	The time frame, within less than a year after the founding of the Union of South Africa and the death of Queen Victoria's eldest son and successor, Edward VII, led to the proposal that the institution's name be changed to honour his memory, thus establishing the appellation, King Edward VII School.
_	Among its various recommendations was the proposal that citizens in villages in border regions be issued identity cards on a priority basis, with such ID cards issued later to all people living in border states.
_	Although Bodine submitted an architectural proposal for the 1903/1904 Carnegie Library in Bayonne the proposal that was accepted came from Edward Lippincott Tilton.
_	His field work (eastern US [NY, VT, MA, NJ], western US (UT, NV), Canada [B.C., Alberta, Que., N.B., N.S., NF), Mexico, Argentina, England and Wales, Germany, Israel, Jordan, Siberia) led to 250+ publications and 11 books that focus on the origin and precise U-Pb geochronology of the oldest metazoans, the biostratigraphy of the Early Paleozoic, recognition of ancient climate cycles and the proposal that high sea levels lead to heightened global warming (hyperwarming), and reconstruction of Avalonia as a separate, unified continent by the terminal Ediacaran.
_	Researchers who argue for this idea often couple it with the proposal that the Natchez system of noble exogamy in the early 18th century was a relatively recent development in their society.
_	Among the propositions formulated at the conference was the proposal that central banks make a partial return to the gold standard, which had been dropped to print money to pay for the war.
_	In response to the proposal that the RAF should use its own rank titles, it was suggested that the RAF might use the Royal Navy's officer ranks, with the word "air" inserted before the naval rank title.
_	The social-evolutionary theory is based on the proposal that non-genetically related parents will invest less in costly parental duties, due to the fact that their genes are not being passed on by that individual.
_	Cosmopolitanism is the proposal that all human ethnic groups belong to a single community based on a shared morality.
_	However, the proposal that "A. canadensis" was durophagous is also not uncontested: studies of mouthparts associated with "A. canadensis" suggested that they are in fact not tetraradial like those of "Peytoia", but have three major axes and a small central opening, which is more suggestive of suction feeding instead of durophagy.
_	, owner and director of the newspaper, wrote another letter with the proposal that she become its correspondent in Eastern Europe, which she accepted.
_	In 1986, the 38th Council of the American Society for Photobiology (ASP) established a committee to investigate the proposal that the European Society for Photobiology (ESP) share the operation of the ASP official journal, "Photochemistry and Photobiology".
_	Crow’s particular recent contribution has been the proposal that the origins of the psychoses relate particularly to those characteristics (e.g. cerebral asymmetry) that are associated with the specifically human capacity for language.
_	Various proposals were put forward for the development of the site, including the proposal that it should become a civil airport.
_	The directors of the Triennial were approached with the proposal that FN would run for two consecutive years with the Triennial continuing every third year.
_	In 1958 he became vice president for industrial and governmental relations at MIT, in which capacity he originated the proposal that the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics be used as the basis for a new space agency, which eventually became the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
_	The report was published in 1970, with the proposal that Stewkley would be destroyed along with some other nearby villages.
_	Sharp was regarded as one of the leaders of the kirk, and following the execution of Charles I, Sharp, a skilled negotiator, became prominent as a leader of the moderate wing of the Church of Scotland, the Resolutioners, who supported the proposal that those who had left the covenanting cause should, on professing repentance, be admitted to serve in defence of the country against Oliver Cromwell.
_	Kennedy passed the document on to his own Marine commandant, General David M. Shoup, and suggested that Shoup bring it up to him as his, Shoup's, own discovery, with the proposal that modern day Marines should duplicate this feat.
_	In the coming days discussions on reconstruction led to the proposal that the entire site be transferred to the College which would then apply for a Charter alone.
_	Since the person is democratically minded, he believes now that the proposal that the democratic process has chosen should be realized, in this case B.
_	"Canis dirus" was the sister taxon of "Canis lupus", but the scientific scoring used in this study for "Canis nehringi" was identical to those observed in "Canis dirus", which supports the proposal that both could have been the same species.
_	Bangabandhu agreed to the proposal that paved the way for the establishment of the Children's village and subsequently the college.
_	All paths from A to D would be examined and the one with the largest support will be considered the support for the proposal that A beats D.
_	Similarly, the paths from D to A would be examined and the strongest path would be considered the support for the proposal that D beats A.
_	Controversy erupted over the proposal that the hospital would disturb the graves of those resting in the former municipal cemetery.
_	The measurement of a temperature pulse and the claimed absence of heat release during an action potential were the basis of the proposal that nerve impulses are an adiabatic phenomenon much like sound waves.
_	Of the six budget proposals that received votes in the House, this is the proposal that would have spent the most money in 2015.
_	Results of an international research collaboration allow the proposal that "Homo neanderthalensis" children had a faster rate of dental development than modern human children as well as other aspects of physical development were likely to be more rapid in juvenile Neanderthals, such as a quicker onset of sexual maturity and different and faster patterns of early cognitive development.
_	It was directed and written by Jan Pinkava, who joined the studio in 1993 to work on their TV commercials while the other directors and writers were pro-occupied with the full-length film, "Toy Story", and had been continuously approaching executive producer Darla K. Anderson with the proposal that the studio make another new short film.
_	A component of this regeneration is the proposal that the Cross River Tram could serve the area, however in November 2008 Mayor of London Boris Johnson announced that due to funding constraints this project would be cancelled.
_	Rishi then creates a scene in Viswanath's office beating up security guy and destroying computers in the office, Rishi clarifies that in the proposal that beggar be married to Rishi's sister there is no love between the two, but Rishi and Anjali love each other.
_	The formal title of the proposal that this measure nullified is Senate Bill 5.
_	However, the majority of meiotic recombination events can be explained by the proposal that they are an adaptation for repair of damage in the DNA that is to be passed on to gametes.
_	The most influential of these plans was portrayed in the Smith Report of 1945, which heavily influenced future proposals, including the proposal that would be included in the "General Location of National System of Interstate Highways", also known as the "Yellow Book", in 1955.
_	This, in turn, has led to the proposal that originally many more than 3 blocking stones were intended, to completely fill the Ascending Passage.
_	In response to the proposal that the RAF should use its own rank titles, it was suggested that the RAF might use the Royal Navy's officer ranks, with the word "air" inserted before the naval rank title.
_	More recently, Sagnotti has been working on the proposal of a possible link between "brane supersymmetry breaking", and the onset of the inflationary phase, and on the exploration of some of its possible imprints on the CMB, in particular, the proposal that the low value of the CMB quadrupole and a first peak for l ~5 be a manifestation of the onset of the inflationary phase.
_	This observation has led to the proposal that the mechanism involves concerted hydrogen transfer from "cis"-diimide to the substrate.
_	Saint-Just made the proposal that deputies from the Convention should directly oversee all military efforts, which was approved on 10 October 1793.
_	At the committee stages of the Cowbridge Railway Bill, the South Wales Railway once again put forward the proposal that the branch should be built on the broad gauge, which would bring it into the "associated companies" of the broad gauge group.
_	In November 2011 Barrow House was purchased by local businessman John Snyder who has set up a charitable organisation (Derwentwater Youth Hostel Ltd.) to keep the house running as an independent hostel with the YHA agreeing to the proposal that it should retain the name of Derwentwater Youth Hostel.
_	Receiving no response, he sent Jean Francois to the "Pearl" with the proposal that the French should have a safe-conduct to return to France with the women and children in any one vessel they should select, provided they would surrender their remaining ships and all of their armament.
_	The noticeable differences between "P. falciparum" and the other known "Plasmodium" species led to the proposal that it be placed in a separate genus "Laverania".
_	Although the character of Brian Slade is heavily based on David Bowie, Bowie himself disliked the script and vetoed the proposal that his songs appear in the film.
_	Panama's request for the replacement of the "perpetuity" clause by a ninety-nine-year renewable lease was rejected, however, as was the proposal that its citizens accused of violations in the zone be tried by joint United States-Panamanian tribunals.
_	On December 16, Stoneman initiated the proposal that Buford is promoted to major general, and President Abraham Lincoln assented, writing as follows: "I am informed that General Buford will not survive the day.
_	Their large size and highly carnivorous dentition supports the proposal that the dire wolf was a predator that fed on large prey.
_	Haider objected the plan and differed with him as he insisted to the proposal that the proposed police safety commission which would also have public representation.
_	In 1576 he objected to the proposal that Antonio de Corro should be allowed to proceed Doctor of Divinity; and at the same time he was instrumental in having Francesco Pucci expelled from the university, Pucci being an associate and ally of Corro, who had moved against orthodox Calvinist positions.
_	It was at this point that the Liga Metropolitana approached the APEA with the proposal that the Brasileiros and Estrangeiros games include Paulista players.
_	The Council ultimately voted for the proposal that was advanced by Fine Gael Councillors Jim O'Leary (now resigned) and Barry Ward, but this decision was the subject of much criticism from John Gormley's Green Party colleague and local TD, Ciarán Cuffe.
_	However, Verney signed the report with a note dissociating himself from the proposal that "the Lord Chancellor and the Lord Lieutenants should refuse to receive any unasked-for recommendations from members of parliament or candidates for such membership in their own constituencies, or from political agents or representatives of political associations"; he claimed that this was outside the scope of the commission.
_	So much so that with the proposal that came from Dream TV (Turkey)'s Yüxexes programme at April 2007 a music video was shotto the song "Masal".
_	Congress could not consider any amendment to the proposal that would not achieve similar cost reductions unless both houses of Congress, including a three-fifths super majority in the Senate, voted to waive this requirement.
_	This fortlet's discovery at Cleddans seemed to strengthen the proposal that the Antonine Wall was designed with fortlets around every mile as measured by the Romans.
_	Likewise, the proposal that addictive drugs should be legalized, regulated and opened to "free market dynamics" is immediately belied by the recognition that the drug market for an addict is no longer a free market – it is clear that they will pay any price when needing their drug.
_	Though it was primarily written by a British Friend, Joseph Bevan Braithwaite, Britain Yearly Meeting (then called London Yearly Meeting) rejected the proposal that it be adopted.
_	At the insistence of its Women's League, the ANC accepted, in principle, the proposal that women should receive one-third of the political appointments in the new government.
_	Bamford agreed to the proposal that he should operate between the top of King Street and the Crown Inn on Carlton Road, via Coalpit Lane (later Cranbrook Street), on a 20-minute frequency at a fixed charge of 9d.
_	Undersecretary of Defense for Policy Paul Wolfowitz approved the proposal that summer, and the staffs began developing a charter for the proposed center.
_	Eur m 1 shares 88% identity with Der f 1, which has led to the proposal that "Euroglyphus maynei" may be more closely related to "Dermatophagoides farinae" than "Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus".
_	Scholars of the time were initially excited by the proposal that giant but invisible stars might be hiding in plain view, but enthusiasm dampened when the wavelike nature of light became apparent in the early nineteenth century.
_	Kennedy suggested a possible solution to this paradox: the proposal that readers retain information on the spatial disposition of elements of text.
_	Research has led to the proposal that TXA synthase contributes to a range of tumor survival pathways, including growth, apoptosis inhibition, angiogenesis, and metastasis.
_	Wells and Fargo also started Wells Fargo & Co. in 1852 when Butterfield and other directors objected to the proposal that American Express extend its operations to California.
_	At para 50, the VDPA strongly supports the proposal that the Secretary General initiate a study into means of improving the protection of children in armed conflicts, and that humanitarian norms should be implemented and measures taken in order to protect and facilitate assistance to children in war zone.
_	This leads to the proposal that quantum-like phenomena need not to be only at quantum scales.
_	Futurism (Christianity) is the proposal that the "Book of Revelation" does not bear the application to the Middle Ages or the papacy, rather the "future" (more particularly to a period immediately prior to the Second Coming).
_	It was that of a leal-hearted Scotsman and zealous Covenanter, and on the proposal that had been made to him of writing a separate work instead of unconnected articles, he thus replies:
_	Nandini feels bad because the proposal that was for Sumati has now been suggested for her, so she tries to persuade Kalyani to make Prem marry Sumati.
_	The absence of feathers would refute the proposal that "Sinosauropteryx" is the most basal known theropod genus with feathers, and also raise questions about the current theory of feather origins itself.
_	Nevertheless, on 18 January 1963, the Malayan government agreed on the specifics of the arrests "except for two matters... the UPP members and the proposal that Lim be offered by Lee the opportunity to leave Singapore after the arrest."
_	This has led to speculation and further to the proposal that Pcdhs may provide a synaptic-address code for neuronal connectivity or a single-cell barcode for self-recognition/self-avoidance similar to that ascribed to DSCAM proteins of invertebrates.
_	However, the model of punctuated equilibrium is more widely accepted, with the proposal that most species remain in stasis, a state of very little evolutionary change, for a large proportion of the species' lifespan.
_	Initially, Marian was repulsed by the proposal that he play the title role of Jud Süß and demurred for almost a year.
_	Liza is overwhelmed by doubts about the proposal that has been received and there are no rest in the relationship with her boyfriend Grisha, who is unemployed for the third month and practically does not break away from computer tans.
_	Cai Jing and Tong Guan were two of the officials Emperor Huizong asked in 1115 to evaluate the proposal that the Song ally themselves with the Jurchen against the Liao.
_	Much of her work deals with looking for evidence to support the proposal that our universe might be finite in size due to its having a nontrivial topology.
_	One early speculative interpretation of the analytical data led to the proposal that endogenous ouabain may have been the 11 epimer, i.e., an isomer of plant ouabain.
_	Hsp90 is known to associate with the non-native structures of many proteins, which has led to the proposal that Hsp90 is involved in protein folding in general.
_	In response to the proposal that the RAF should use its own rank titles, it was suggested that the RAF might use the Royal Navy's officer ranks, with the word "air" inserted before the naval rank title.
_	This was especially emphasised by the proposal that Ordnance Survey would effectively sell back to local authorities their own data.
_	The LSWR promised the House of Lords Committee considering the proposal that if the scheme were rejected, the LSWR would build a line from Basingstoke to Alton and from Alton south along the Meon Valley to Fareham between Southampton and Portsmouth.
_	However, the proposal that Chamberlain made was a major break-through for the Zionists—Great Britain had engaged them diplomatically and recognised a need to find a territory appropriate for Jewish autonomy under British suzerainty.
_	This leads to the proposal that if she could be brought to cry, it might break the curse.
_	However, critically assesses the proposal that creole languages exist as a homogeneous structural type with shared and/ or peculiar origins.
_	If the mention in the "Passio Artemii" (11) of letters from Constantina to her brother preserves a genuine tradition, it is possible Constantina even initiated the proposal that she marry Gallus.
_	In response to the proposal that the RAF should use its own rank titles, it was suggested that the RAF might use the Royal Navy's officer ranks, with the word "air" inserted before the naval rank title.
_	The discovery of stone points in Sibudu Cave, South Africa, has prompted the proposal that bow and arrow technology existed as early as 64,000 years ago.
_	In the summer of 1800, he sent his brother Lucien to the Spanish court with the proposal that would result in the Treaty of Aranjuez.
_	Thus Rutherford did not make the proposal that the number of charges in the nucleus of an atom might be "exactly" equal to its place on the periodic table (atomic number).
_	In the first women's rights congress, held in 1889, as representative for "Egalité" she made the proposal that women should participate in local charity boards, which won general support.
_	This included the proposal that there are limits on the legitimate powers of government.
_	In 1926, a few years after the introduction of the red poppy in the UK, the idea of pacifists making their own poppies was put forward by a member of the No More War Movement (as well as the proposal that the black centre of the British Legion's red poppies should be imprinted with "No More War").
_	In 1986, the 38th Council of the ASP established a committee to investigate the proposal that the European Society for Photobiology (ESP) share the operation of P&P with the ASP.
_	Aloysius Lilius (c. 1510 – 1576), also variously referred to as Luigi Lilio, Luigi Giglio, was an Italian doctor, astronomer, philosopher and chronologist, and also the "primary author" who provided the proposal that (after modifications) became the basis of the Gregorian Calendar reform of 1582.
_	A witness to this popularity was the proposal that each community should find an attractive place of their tithe-free lands and plant a group of oaks and call them "Rotteck oaks."
_	At a meeting in the Nags Head in July, the proposal that Wanderers enter the Berks & Bucks Senior Cup, the FA Amateur Cup and the FA Cup was carried unanimously.
_	John Moser, a congressional candidate in Maryland, ran chiefly on the proposal that a citizen's dividend based around a portion of all income would eliminate homelessness and hunger, and would act as a collective risk share as used in Nordic model nations.
_	For completeness, the proposal that proteins contained amide linkages was made as early as 1882 by the French chemist E. Grimaux.
_	Field et al. (2006) dispute the proposal that flood movement caused the combination of megafauna and stone artefacts.
_	According to Molotov's memoirs as well as other reports, a number of party members at the Congress had approached Kirov with the proposal that he run for the position of General Secretary against Stalin.
_	One of the most contentious aspects of the precocious eclosion theory that fueled further debate in the field of evolution and development was the proposal that the hemimetabolan nymphal stages are equivalent to the holometabolan pupal stage.
_	These discussions led to the proposal that was presented to the NSCSS Board of Directors that NSCSS integrate into SSSA and form the new Division with SSSA.
_	However, the proposal that she become Governor did not proceed and she later left the cabinet on in May 2010 and moved to the World Bank Group as Managing Director.
_	In the proposal that was leaked onto the Internet, the Daxamite Green Lantern is named "Sodal Yat" and is also referred to as "The Ultimate Green Lantern."
_	From Sofia, Consul Murphy cabled to Washington, "Bulgaria accepts with good will the proposal that the President should be the arbiter of the Balkans."
_	The Khermin Tsav specimens closely resemble "Bagaceratops", which has led to the proposal that "Breviceratops" and "Bagaceratops" are synonymous.
_	On these grounds, the proposal that Chavez Ravine be used for a baseball stadium received considerable backlash.
_	Thus he was one of the examples whom Treitschke brought forward as evidence for the proposal that an assimilation of the Jews might be possible.
_	Question: "Do you agree with the proposal that prohibition shall come into force in Western Australia?"
_	The country was divided principally over the proposal that a president would serve for life.
_	In the coming days discussions on reconstruction led to the proposal that the entire site be transferred to the College which would then apply for a Charter alone.
_	A secession referendum was held on 8 April 1933 in the Australian state of Western Australia, on the proposal that the state withdraw from the Australian Federation.
_	The following values seem to be aberrant in children with CASK gene defects: lactate, pyruvate, 2-ketoglutarate, adipic acid and suberic acid, which seems to backup the proposal that CASK affects mitochondrial function.
_	It has also been argued that its founding declaration (now withdrawn from the web) included antidemocratic, anti-parliamentary ideas, and the proposal that decisions should be taken by a council, which would include military officers and Church officials.
_	This was a reaction to the concept of Boasnia and Herzegovina organized in three ethnic federal units (Bosniak-, Croat- and Serb-dominated, respectively), the proposal that was discussed by the international community at the peace talks in Geneva at the time.
_	He was behind the proposal that established the Wisconsin Center for Education Research.
_	This discovery led to the proposal that Sangameshwara had been built over an older temple, possibly dating to the 3rd century CE.
_	They were sparked off by a number of issues, including the approval of a Japanese history textbook and the proposal that Japan be granted a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council.
_	Seoul goes out of business, Yong-deok makes the proposal that Do-hyuk join him.
_	He put forward the proposal that McCandless starved to death because he was suffering from paralysis in his legs induced by lathyrism, which prevented him from gathering food or hiking out.
_	In 1871 Captain Augustus Phillimore made the proposal that a new naval dockyard should be constructed in Gibraltar.
_	During the French Revolution, Villette publicly burned his "lettres de noblesse", wrote revolutionary articles in the "Chronique de Paris", and put forth the proposal that Louis XVI of France should be stripped of most power but maintained as head of state.
_	Sneddon stated "This gives much weight to the proposal that fish experience some form of pain rather than a nociceptive event".
_	In a move similar to the proposal that had been made earlier to anti-slavery forces, the convention voted to transform itself into a new organization called the American Equal Rights Association (AERA), whose purpose was to campaign for the equal rights for all, especially the right of suffrage.
_	Other ideas Morley put forward include the proposal that the ancient Maya were the first in Mesoamerica to domesticate maize ("Zea mays" ssp. "mays"), with the wild variety known as "teosinte" being its progenitor.
_	The fact that pathology is associated with a different expression profile has led to the proposal that disease specific biomarkers can provide potential targets for directed clinical intervention.
_	The hypothesis that HIV induces HERV expression in HIV-infected cells led to the proposal that a vaccine targeting HERV antigens could specifically eliminate HIV-infected cells.
_	The President transmitted "Salary Recommendations For 1969 Increases" to Congress on January 15, 1969 following the first Commission Report submitted to him under in December 1968. (34 F.R. 2241; ). Saxbe had become a Senator on January 3, 1969 and on February 14 the legislation became law when Congress took no action to veto the proposal that raised the salary of top executive branch officials, the judicial branch and members of Congress.
_	Henderson persuaded the skeptical French Premier, Aristide Briand, to accept the proposal that all Allied occupation forces would evacuate the Rhineland by June 1930.
_	Laird opposed having "all kinds of goofy, ludicrous weapons systems built into Karai's new Shredder armor" and to the proposal that the Heart of Tengu would give her an ability to teleport, as he thought it would be cheating.
_	This amounts also to a repudiation of the proposal that slaveowners be compensated for "property" lost in emancipation, a proposal Emerson himself once endorsed.
_	Li Jianxun, realizing that there were aspects of the proposal that would be viewed as benefitting himself and therefore he would be viewed in a negative light, modified the proposal without resubmitting it to the emperor, and therefore was removed.)
_	He was first brought into conflict with Henry Grattan and the popular party, in 1784, by his support of the proposal that the Irish parliament in return for the removal of restrictions on Irish trade should be bound to adopt the English navigation laws.
_	The decision was replaced by the proposal that Chief Pleas should consist of 16 Tenants and 12 ' both elected by universal adult suffrage from 2008 to 2012 and that a binding referendum should then decide whether this composition should be kept or replaced by 28 '.
_	Walter approached Dutton and Wentworth with the proposal that he would edit the paper and that they would do the printing and circulation.
_	On the one hand, there is the proposal that "H. sapiens idaltu" (2003) is not distinctive enough to warrant classification as a subspecies.
_	In 1969, he was asked to comment on the planned introduction of pensions for those professional players over 35 years of age - he claimed that the reported comment "I wouldn't hang a dog on the evidence of people like that" was actually in answer to the proposal that former professional footballers should sit on disciplinary committees, and not about pensions.
_	Although the structure of "ykkC"-III RNAs does not resemble ykkC/yxkD RNAs, both have a structure complexity that led to the proposal that they represent riboswitches.
_	This flag was introduced during the 1990s (at the time when Vojvodina did not had its official flag) with the proposal that it should become the future flag of Vojvodina.
_	His geopolitics professor was Karl Haushofer, a proponent of the concept of "Lebensraum" ("living space"), which Haushofer cited to justify the proposal that Germany should forcefully conquer additional territory in Eastern Europe.
_	It was the first time that a project of this type was presented publicly since the proposal that John A. Roebuck had made in the same direction to John George Lambton while he was a governor of the Canadas in 1838.
_	He was one of the staunchest opponents of the proposal that English should be made the sole medium of instruction in native schools, and became for a time the object of bitter attacks.
_	Another significant discovery was a set of massive hearths amid large numbers of fishing nets, which has led to the proposal that Canfield Island was a major fishery.
_	There was also the proposal that a match against a New Zealand team would be played in Australia if the British decided not to travel on to New Zealand.
_	These ideas include the proposal that cells contain zones of low and high-density water, which could have widespread effects on the structures and functions of the other parts of the cell.
_	These criticisms are consistent with the proposal that the only information that can be removed by user's request is content that they themselves uploaded.
_	Paul Pelliot originated the proposal that a 7th-century Chinese work, the "Book of Sui", preserved the earliest record on the Pechenegs.
_	This change of opinion was criticized in particular by D66 and CDA, but along with the appointment of Henk Kamp (VVD) and Wouter Bos (PvdA) as "informateurs", the proposal that the two parties now should negotiate the formation of a two-party government was passed by a majority in the House of Representatives.
_	Avi's wedding is fixed with another boy as she consents to the proposal that her parents bring.
_	He brought back to England the proposal that the eight vicariates to be divided into twelve dioceses.
_	He does not appear to have incurred Elizabeth's displeasure, for in 1566 and the following year she employed him in negotiations for bringing about a different matrimonial alliance which he warmly supported, the proposal that she should bestow her hand on the Archduke Charles.
_	On 29 November, the crew assembled to consider the proposal that some of the slaves should be thrown overboard.
_	This replaces the proposal that Palin dropped to give Alaskans $100-a-month energy debit cards.
_	Theory is the proposal that the sadness of girls should be witnessed and re-historicized as an act of resistance, of political protest.
_	Using form criticism to reconstruct the social background to the Old Testament, Smith advanced the proposal that two parties had vied for supremacy in ancient Israel, the first composed of those which worshipped many gods of which Yahweh was chief, while the other, the "Yahweh-alone" faction, was largely the party of the priests of Jerusalem, who wished to establish a monopoly for Yahweh.
_	A significant shift came with the proposal that the book should be a dialogue between the communities of poets and artists in Ireland.
_	Vizcarra supported the proposal that the name had to be Mexicali in response to journalist Leroy Holt's proposal for Calexico for the neighboring town.
_	But his experience with "Luisa" was such that he decided not to pursue this, and approached his publisher, Giulio Ricordi, with the proposal that he should work with the librettist on the possibility of an opera, "Re Lear", which would be based on Shakespeare's "King Lear" and which had long been on Verdi's mind.
_	A study of the comparative genomics, evolution and origins of the nuclear membrane led to the proposal that the nucleus emerged in the primitive eukaryotic ancestor (the “prekaryote”), and was triggered by the archaeo-bacterial symbiosis.
_	Mayor Martin J. O'Malley, however, favored the proposal that resulted in the total razing of the stadium, an act that many fought and protested.
_	A major change was the proposal that the governor could now succeed himself once.
_	William S. Dutton's mid-20th-century history of the family business uses "Du Pont" both for the family mentioned generally and for the company's short name but "du Pont" in an individual's full name (for example, "Éleuthère Irénée du Pont", "Henry du Pont", "Alfred Victor du Pont", "Lammot du Pont"); for example, "when he [Lammot du Pont] went to General Henry du Pont with the proposal that the Du Ponts manufacture dynamite, he was answered by a blunt and unqualified 'No!'")
_	She received a sympathetic reply from the King’s private secretary Lord Stamfordham who while denying the request did support the proposal that Gunner Collis’ name should be inscribed with those of other VC recipients on the tablets of the Royal Artillery Victoria Cross Memorial.
_	He calls the proposal that we have direct acquaintance with sensory data "The Myth of the Given".
_	The common Müllerian origin of the Fallopian tubes, uterus, cervix, and upper vagina has resulted in the proposal that peritoneal high-grade serous carcinoma is a spectrum of a single disease.
_	The number of votes in favour of the proposal that (A,A...,A) beats (A...,A,B) is equal to the smallest number of ballots held by any candidate in (A,A...,A).
_	It is not unheard-of for the agency responsible for the construction to simply choose the proposal that asks for the least funding.
_	Other Lucas papers ranged from practical suggestions, such as the proposal that the Salonica-Athens railway be cut in the Oeta gorges viaducts (carried out in Operation Harling), to psychological overviews later in the war, like 'Hitler as seen by Source' [:through decodes] and 'German Morale as seen by Source' (his old special subject from 1918 Intelligence Corps days).
_	If the assembly broke the law, the only thing that might happen is that it would punish those who had made the proposal that it had agreed to.
_	In 2008, the Government announced that it was considering the proposal that MTR had recently submitted, in which Central South station will be cancelled.
_	So I went home, mulled it over and came up with the proposal that became Proud Helios.
_	Also, recent geochemical experiments have led to the proposal that radiogenic heat in the core is larger than previously thought.
_	Somewhat more positively considered is the proposal that the name of the Marsacii is preserved in the name of a medieval gau which was named Marsna.
_	Rappaport was among the first graduates of Purdue University's National Science Foundation Engineering Research Center (ERC) where he co-authored the proposal that resulted in the National Science Foundation award presented to Purdue by President Ronald Reagan.
_	In 1878 the New Zealand Government with George Grey as Premier approached Tāwhiao with the proposal that some of their Waikato land would be restored to them if they would accept the integration of the King Country with the rest of New Zealand.
_	there shall be taken a poll of the electors in every electoral district on the proposal that prohibition shall come into force in Western Australia".
_	Talamantez and Manny Galaviz submitted the proposal that successfully added Chicano Park to the National Register of Historic Places in 2013 due to its association with the Chicano Movement.
_	The National Council of La Raza opposes the measures in the proposal that require individuals to prove their citizenship status before receiving coverage.
_	The vast, relatively sparsely populated area of Central California weakens the proposal that California constitutes a single megalopolis.
_	In July, he released a collaboration with Smoky, the proposal that forms part of the album El dominio deluxe.
_	Throughout the year there was considerable, though intermittent, discussion on the proposal that France should resume diplomatic relations with the Vatican; and at the end of November the government proposal to renew relations was approved by the Chamber of Deputies by 387 votes to 210.
_	Criticism in the report of Manchester United's debt-financed model was ignored by the British press, as was the proposal that executives of clubs should not be members of the game's governing bodies, which would have disqualified United's David Gill from his then role at the Football Association.
_	The team had mused that the program was like "a super boring game that some awful company will totally make for the Wii or smartphones," which then inspired the proposal that "WE could be that awful company!
_	This approach is not creationist in a simple sense, because while it agrees that a cosmic intelligence is responsible for the natural order, it rejects the proposal that this requires a "creator" to physically make and maintain this order.
_	In May 2014, a majority of member school principals rejected a plan to hold separate district, regional, and state championships for public schools and private schools, similar to the proposal that failed in 1978.
_	Hank Adams, the personal representative of the President, arrived with an agreement to the proposal that the chiefs had sent to the White House on May 3.
_	The neutrino theory of light is the proposal that the photon is a composite particle formed of a neutrino–antineutrino pair.
_	The chief has rejected the proposal that his people live on a reservation.
_	Accordingly, exhibitions were held in Valls and in Tarragona, in 1964 and in 1968 respectively, to back up the proposal that Català Roca presented once again during the 1977 Congress of Catalan Culture and in the 1982 Congress on Traditional and Popular Culture.
_	Josephine Talamantez and Manny Galaviz submitted the proposal that successfully added Chicano Park to the National Register of Historic Places in 2013 due to its association with the Chicano Movement.
_	For example the proposal that the OFC encodes economic value may be a reflection task state value.
_	The representation of task states could also explain the proposal that the OFC acts as a flexible map of contingencies, as a switch in task state would enable the encoding of new contingencies in one state, with the preservation of old contingencies in a separate state, enabling switching contingencies when the old task state becomes relevant again.
_	On January 30, 1925, Kvale attended a meeting of the Coinage Committee, at which the proposal that would become the Vermont Sesquicentennial half dollar was considered.
_	Geological evidence from exposures of old surfaces on the south and west flanks of Mauna Loa led to the proposal that two ancient volcanic shields (named Ninole and Kulani) were all but buried by the younger Mauna Loa.
_	Considering the proposal that groups form part of the self, this phenomenon can be considered an extension of the self-reference effect.
_	This laboratory study has led to the proposal that in some parts of the U.S. nearly all bites attributed to the brown recluse spider are in reality the hobo spider's bite.
_	In an important development the scientists from Newcastle reported associated technologies that provide a "proof of concept" for the proposal that frozen zoos (also referred to as genome banks and seed banks) are an effective mechanism to provide an insurance against species extinction and the loss of population genetic diversity.
_	Edward later fell out with the king over the proposal that the Roman Catholic James II should succeed to the throne on Charles's death, and after the discovery of the Rye House Plot in 1683 the castle was searched by royal officials looking for stocks of weapons that might be used in a possible revolt.
_	He had strongly opposed the proposal that the Cape annex Griqualand West (at the time claimed by the Free State).
_	Romney reiterated in the proposal that as president he would approve the Keystone XL pipeline, to carry oil sands crude from western Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast for refining.
_	Somewhat along these lines is the proposal that Hyrcanus II was the Teacher of Righteousness.
_	After a bidding war between the club from Minas Gerais and Flamengo, Atletico made the proposal that pleased Dynamo's board the most, when they agreed to buy 20% of the player's pass for 2.2 million euros.
_	The project's emphasis on research and development, which has been regularly been criticised for receiving too little funding in Turkey, was also an aspect of the proposal that was welcomed by journalists.
_	Some scholars (P.K. Uslar, K. Miller, N.F. Yakovleff, E.I. Krupnoff, L.A. Elnickiy, I.M. Diakonoff, V.N. Gemrakeli) supported the proposal that Gargarei is an earlier form of the Vainakh ethnonym.
_	On February 4, 1971, the Board of Education approved the proposal that created the School Without Walls, which opened in September 1971 at 4 Elton Street, sharing space with the Visual Studies Workshop at the time.
_	Earlier, a visit to Miss Hall by a Sydney schoolteacher, Jessie Stead, on 6August 1923, resulted in the proposal that the bowl ought to be the property of the City of Sydney.
_	Furthermore, he made the proposal that led eventually to the Global Wage Report, a flagship publication of the ILO.
_	Nonetheless, the Bulgarian side made in 1978 for the first time the proposal that some historical personalities (e.g. Gotse Delchev) could be regarded as belonging to the shared historical heritage of the two peoples, but that proposal did not appeal to the Yugoslavs.
_	Other researchers have described the proposal that the Shompens are "descendants of Mesolithic hunter–gatherers" as unsubstantiated.
_	This structure led to the proposal that a voltage gated proton channel in the vacuolar membrane could allow an action potential to be propagated along the vacuolar membrane.
_	According to the Academy, "[it] passed the proposal that a return to one category for all types of recordings for children, as it was from 1958-1993, would be most appropriate in this new context."
_	Supplementary verification supports the proposal that Hox clusters are acquiescent to structural evolution and variation is present in the lengths of introns and intergenic regions, relatively high numbers of repetitive sequences, and non-random accumulations of DNA transposons in newts and lizards.
_	Though this meeting was the beginning of the proposal that came the closest to fruition, it ultimately failed to be realised.
_	The proposal of a limited geography is coupled with the proposal that the American continents were already populated at the time of the arrival of Lehi's group.
_	His request was initially refused by Monroe with the proposal that Kean spend the following two sealing seasons as bridge master under Captain Joe Barbour on the SS "Esquimaux".
_	This strong genetic association has led to the proposal that ApoE receptors play a central role in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's Disease.
_	In 1929, a new architectural competition was held, and the proposal that won, " Kongespeilet" was prepared by Helge Thiis.
_	In September 2017, the Minister for Defense presented the proposal that the regiment would be re-formed on 1 January 2018.
_	The Alibaba Group issued the proposal that" Everyone donates 3 hours to support the public benefit together" to the society, called on everyone to donate 3 hours each year to practice public benefit activities, let charity actions change themselves, change lives, and arouse more people's mercy, goodwill and good deeds, so as to bring about a small and beautiful change to the world, and realize the vision of “bluer sky and warmer heart”.
_	When Kelly moved her office and administration departments to One Judiciary Square in 1992, the Council refused to leave the District Building, although they had approved the proposal that spring.
_	His subsequent media work included being the classical morning host at WVWR in Roanoke, Virginia (now Virginia Tech's WVTF), during which time he created the proposal that would culminate in "Good Morning, Vietnam".
_	In spring 437, Emperor Wen seriously considered the proposal that Northern Wei's Emperor Taiwu had made, initially in 431 and then in 433, that the two imperial clans enter into a marital relationship—specifically, to marry one of his daughters to Emperor Taiwu's crown prince Tuoba Huang, and he sent his official Liu Xibo (劉熙伯) to Northern Wei to negotiate the terms of the marriage.
_	On 13 October 1898 the appeal was relaunched, with the proposal that if the remaining £3,000 were raised, Watts would design and build a covered way, which in due course would be lined with memorial tablets to commemorate the bravery of ordinary people.
_	Solicitors were more scared by the proposal that banks would be allowed to offer conveyancing services, but this suggestion eventually came to nothing.
_	Although the idea of a bridge spanning the Golden Gate was not new, the proposal that eventually took hold was made in a 1916 "San Francisco Bulletin" article by former engineering student James Wilkins.
_	The Twenty-fifth Amendment was more complex than the proposal that had been rejected in 1992.
_	This delayed effect is consistent with the proposal that emotionally arousing memories are more likely to be converted into a relatively permanent trace, whereas memories for nonarousing events are more vulnerable to disruption.
_	As a member of the Sardinian parliament and as a journalist Farini was one of the staunchest supporters of Cavour, and strongly favoured the proposal that Piedmont should participate in the Crimean War, if indeed he was not actually the first to suggest that policy.
_	One element of their direct democracy policy was the proposal that the prime minister and cabinet members be elected by the government party's caucus in the House of Commons of Canada.
_	This report, the proposal that he made (27 August 1795) to lessen the severity of the revolutionary laws, and the eulogies he received from several Paris sections suspected of Royalism, resulted in his being obliged to justify himself (15 October 1795).
_	The consensus can be summarized as the proposal that, even if archaeology could not directly confirm the existence of the patriarchs (Abraham, Isaac and Jacob), these Patriarchal narratives had originated in a second millennium BC setting because many personal names, place names, and customs referenced in the Genesis narratives were unique to that era.
_	These diets have been promoted by alternative medicine practitioners, with the proposal that such diets treat or prevent cancer, heart disease, and low energy levels as well as other illnesses.
_	Some of the arguments against the proposal that Hashem El Tarif is Mount Sinai are as follows:
_	Hooke made tremendously important contributions to the science of timekeeping, being intimately involved in the advances of his time; the introduction of the pendulum as a better regulator for clocks, the balance spring to improve the timekeeping of watches, and the proposal that a precise timekeeper could be used to find the longitude at sea.
_	This led to the proposal that a new campus or college should be built in mid-to-north Cornwall to cater for this demand for a top-quality 16-19 education.
_	Notably, the theory is furthered by the proposal that Alexander drank wine poisoned with "Veratrum Album".
_	Curtis approached Felix Barrett of the Punchdrunk theatre company, with the proposal that a production could be created "as though the audience were walking through the story of the film".
_	In its weaker form, however, the proposal that language influences our thinking has frequently been discussed and studied.
_	When the king in the following year introduced the proposal that the church should be represented in parliament, he was warmly supported in the assembly by Gladstanes, who was appointed one of three commissioners chosen to sit and vote in parliament in name of the ministry.
_	These and other findings have led to the proposal that portal endothelium-derived EETs, perhaps acting in cooperation with another EDHF, endothelin, contribute to portal hypertension.
_	The royal family intervened, and Hojer was called to the ruler, Crown Prince Gustaf Adolf, with the proposal that Sweden should accept only a small number of Jewish doctors who ran away from Hitler's persecution.
_	1997: KPMG review recommends development of a "Public Safety Model" further supporting the proposal that the MFB undertake a medical first responder function.
_	In the study of transsexualism, the essentialist idea of a feminine essence refers to the proposal that male-to-female transsexuals are females trapped in male bodies.
_	Jefferson refuted the proposal that the Big Bone Lick molars were hippopotamus molars while the tusks were of elephants by noting that both the tusks and molars are always found associated but with no elephant-like molars or hippopotamus bones present to make up the rest of the animals.
_	Other hypotheses include the proposal that white sclerae are a sign of good health, useful in mate selection, or that eye visibility promotes altruistic behaviour by letting people know they are being watched.
_	A refinement of vitalism may be recognized in contemporary molecular histology in the proposal that some key organising and structuring features of organisms, perhaps including even life itself, are examples of emergent processes; those in which a complexity arises, out of interacting chemical processes forming interconnected feedback cycles, that cannot fully be described in terms of those processes since the system as a whole has properties that the constituent reactions lack.
