_	Krzycki was one of the main speakers during the protest that later became known as the Memorial Day massacre of 1937.
_	From Geneva, Lenin continued to monitor the revolutionary situation in Russia, and met with the exiled Father Georgy Gapon, who had led the protest that was crushed in Bloody Sunday.
_	The Rector of the University, Francisco Antonio Rísquez, led the protest that followed through the streets of Caracas against the policies of López Contreras.
_	Built between 1893 and 1904, the church was constructed in memory of the protest that took place at the Diet of Speyer by the Protestant rulers of the Holy Roman Empire in 1529.
_	The report asserted that, "The complaint by Liliuokalani in the protest that she sent to the President of the United States and dated the 18th day of January, is not, in the opinion of the committee, well founded in fact or in justice."
_	Ironically, Philadelphia's franchise is the direct successor to and is the same franchise (although, in league records, not the same team) as the Frankford Yellow Jackets, the very team that filed the protest that resulted in the ruling in the first place; the Eagles replaced the Yellow Jackets after the latter went bankrupt and ceased operations.
_	Rumors circulated at the protest that W.I.T.C.H. members had planned to pull the radical feminist speaker Shulamith Firestone down from the podium when she had been planned to speak; they disagreed with her vocal criticism of those men who were involved in the leftist movement.
_	During the ceremony, Blackwell read the protest that both had signed:
_	He was not entirely pleased with this, as the introduction to "Dorothy and the Wizard of Oz" opens with the protest that he knows many tales of many lands, and hoped that children would permit him to tell them those tales.
_	Opposition from the colonies was soon forthcoming to this possible tax, but neither members of Parliament nor American agents in Great Britain (such as Benjamin Franklin) anticipated the intensity of the protest that the tax generated.
_	She also reaffirmed "America's commitment to religious tolerance" and said "Some have sought to justify this vicious behavior, along with the protest that took place at our Embassy in Cairo yesterday, as a response to inflammatory material posted on the Internet," but whether true or not, that was not a justification for violence.
_	On 24 June 1978, Howarth attended the protest that led to the Sydney Mardi Gras and was shocked when "The Sydney Morning Herald" published in full the names of those arrested, leading to many people being outed to their friends and places of employment.
_	Doogan also included in a press release announcing the protest that the term "john" as a descriptor for sex work clients is demeaning and dehumanizes customers.
_	Hundreds of people joined the protest that day, including groups from California, Oregon, Wisconsin, Colorado, South Carolina, and Washington.
_	Since there were certain circumstances during the time of the protest that prevented it from large amounts of media coverage, it was largely ignored by the press.
_	Against the protest that the breasts were too well-lit, Jamiri drew "+Lux" [+Light], a more shining example of the same, and wrote "THAT'S well-lit."
_	One of the opposition leaders said after the protest that about 1,000 people had taken part and more than 200 were arrested.
_	In March 1770, Crispus Attucks died during the protest that has become known as the Boston Massacre.
_	In 1977, Gaylor along with her mother (Anne Nicol Gaylor) and feminist groups, spearheaded the protest that led to the recall of Judge Archie Simonson after he had made a statement blaming a young girl for her rape.
_	Hossam el-Hamalawy stated to "Al-Jazeera" during the evening of the protest that the demonstrations were "necessary to send a message to the Egyptian regime that Mubarak is no different than Ben Ali and we want him to leave too."
_	The U.S. embassy declined to comment on the protest that also temporarily closed a route leading to one of two border crossings used for the shipments.
_	Given both its cost, in a time of stringent wartime savings, and the protest that ensued from a disgruntled public, it is considered to have been an important part of the attempt to communicate royal grandeur and authority.
_	Several activists, including actresses Alexandra Paul and Colette Divine, were arrested in the protest that attempted to block the GM car carriers taking the remaining EV1s off to be crushed.
_	In 1938 members of the Guard unit in Hilo aided striking workers against government authorities during the protest that became known as the Hilo Massacre.
_	In 2013, she won the CNN-IBN Citizen Journalism Award for her reporting of the protest that followed the Delhi Gang Rape.
_	Progg bands also played at other big demonstrations at the time, such as the protest that managed to stop the cutting down of the elms in the park Kungsträdgården in Stockholm, and the protests to stop the tennis matches against tennis players from the Pinochet-ruled Chile in Båstad 1975.
_	UFPJ had hoped for up to a million people attending, and it was announced at the protest that aerial photography had estimated that at least 500,000 showed up.
_	Christian Pacheco, a graduating high school senior, revealed at the protest that he was an illegal immigrant student.
