_	The two types may correspond to his two reigns, but it is not out of the question that both were issued during a single reign.
_	In some versions in the Eurozone, like the German version, if the contestants choose the question that is difficult in their opinion, they can "Pass" and switch to the other category which they did not originally choose.
_	Jones was the first lawyer in Arkansas to raise the question that African Americans had not been permitted to serve on the grand and petit juries, although many were qualified.
_	Dick poses the question that Boston's seeming fearlessness could stem from his insecurity of being alone.
_	In Acts 9:6 the question that Paul asks at the time of his conversion on the Damascus road, Τρέμων τε καὶ θαμβὣν εἲπεν κύριε τί μέ θέλεις ποιῆσαι
_	Young Hitler focuses on the question that has plagued historians since the end World War II.
_	The petition focused on the question that while there is a well-established expectation of privacy for a driver of a car, is that expectation nullified in the case of a rental car where the driver is not on the rental contract.
_	If these devices are to be proliferated within society, then the question that begs to be answered is what regulatory agency will oversee the operations, monitoring, and security of these devices?
_	As it is out of the question that Moxie can continue as a maid in the household of her own sister, Peter suggests that Moxie should be promoted to companion to Felicity.
_	At all events he has determined the question that the working of the mine with open lamps is dangerous, and his award ought not to be set aside, even if it goes in other respects beyond the scope of his authority."
_	In particle physics, the most important hierarchy problem is the question that asks why the weak force is 10 times as strong as gravity.
_	According to "Byrnes v Kendle", the question that needs to be answered in determining whether a certainty of intention exists is "What is the meaning of what the parties have said?" and not "What did the parties mean to say?"
_	Indeed, in the question that initiates the dialogue, Sarvashura asks for a teaching that can benefit young and old at the same time—a teaching for a pair of groups.
_	Joel B. Green suggests that the question that opens the parable ("Which of you who has a friend...?" also expressible as "Can you imagine...?") is intended to be answered as an emphatic "No!", since no friend would refuse to help under such circumstances (the opening words in Greek occur elsewhere in Luke, but have no contemporary parallels, and I. Howard Marshall regards them as probably characteristic of Jesus himself).
_	During his tenure as City Hall reporter for Global Toronto he covered the turmoil surrounding Mayor Rob Ford, and at an unscheduled press conference, asked the question that resulted in Ford's admission of crack cocaine use while mayor.
_	For instance, in his book, Leach argues, "the question that whether a particular community is gumlao, or gumsa, or Shan is not necessarily ascertainable in the realm of empirical facts; it is a question, in part at any rate, of the attitudes and ideas of particular individuals at a particular time."
_	The program has a part with footage of most of the animals shown in the series and starts to ask the question that if we can't live with these monsters, are we monsters ourselves?
_	Goethe's ideas on evolution would frame the question that Darwin and Wallace would approach within the scientific paradigm.
_	There are tense dramatic scenes, and above all there is the question that must be faced, "Who's Your Neighbor?""
_	"First and foremost, to answer the question that has been raised most often:
_	The Suggest a Question section allowed players to suggest a poll question along with two possible answers to the question that they would like to see on the service.
_	Piotr Zychowicz stated in a November 2012 interview: "This book is my answer to the question that all Poles ask.
_	A reporter speculated about the likelihood of her holding up under the strain of the trial: "This is the question that is puzzling the hosts of 'murder fans' who are pushing their way into the criminal courtroom each day, eager to catch every word of testimony and eager to watch every emotional change of expression that comes to the gaunt face of the sixty-two-year-old defendant, whose iron will to see the trial through is as much an enigma now as it was in the beginning."
_	She said that she was "in shock" during the competition and barely heard the question that had been asked.
_	The media received no incontrovertible reply from the government to the question that "how could a human rights activist from Delhi been a threat to peace in Kashmir?"
_	The Problem with African-American Architecture re-asks the question that opens W. E. B. Dubois’ essay The Souls of Black Folk….
_	The first team to correctly respond earns a more difficult bonus question that is worth two points, that is similar in category to the question that was answered.
_	This leads to the question that, even if the Eurozone isn’t an OCA now, by adopting a common currency, it might become an OCA in the future.
_	The opening sequence poses the question that reflects the film's theme:
_	Even though the contract was unenforceable, the question that the case needed to answer, was whether a quantum meruit claim could be independent of a contract and thus avoid the Licensing Act.
_	Before taking any steps to meet the wishes of Michael, Louis asked the pope's permission for a number of his bishops to assemble and make a selection of passages from the Fathers to elucidate the question that the Greeks had put before them.
_	Next, Judge Willis discussed the notable decline in Aboriginal population around the colonial settlements, as noted in the Select Committee's report, and posed the question that, if the Aboriginal people were indeed to be considered British subjects, subject to British laws and entitled to their protection, why had the executive government done nothing to help them, and why had the judiciary not "put forth the protecting arm of legal authority"?
_	This is the question that everyone is asked.
_	At the end of the game "Final Jeopardy' occurred where players could wager their imaginary dollars on whether or not they knew the answer to the question that was given to them.
_	The District Council would be liable for this but it was out of the question that they would be able to afford the large amount involved and the Government wished to avoid stepping in to pay themselves.
_	It was then that he posed the question that led to his theorems regarding Sylow subgroups.
_	The defense is extremely difficult, because the question that elicited the perjured testimony must be immaterial to the case in which it was asked, and courts construe very broadly what questions count as material to a case.
_	Either the King or the bleacher contestant who asked the question that brought the Jackpot amount to the target number could respond; if either answered correctly, both split the Super Jackpot.
_	It is essentially the question that begins "post-Socratic" Western philosophy.
_	Gore responded that "The entire global scientific community has a consensus on the question that human beings are responsible for global warming and he [Bush] has today again expressed personal doubt that that is true."
_	Ramsey poses the question that is to be solved at the beginning of the article: "a given revenue is to be raised by proportionate taxes on some or all uses of income, the taxes on different uses being possibly at different rates; how much should these rates be adjusted in order that the decrement of utility may be a minimum?" (Ramsey 1927).
_	30 years on, people still read the book, Radford argues, because it is "one of the best books ever to address, patiently and persuasively, the question that has baffled bishops and disconcerted dissenters alike: how did nature achieve its astonishing complexity and variety?"
_	That's the question that was asked by the people who owned the O. Henry stories."
_	Peter Fitzpatrick, Thring's biographer, later wrote that seeing the film today "it is still hard to avoid, let alone answer, the question that must surely have struck Frank Thring as he watched its rushes: why was it made?"
_	Assistance can also automatically perform procedures or step users through the procedure, depending on the question that the user asked.
_	"Music & Media" wrote about the song: "What would the entire heaven be like, is the question that arises on hearing this danceable soul song.
_	This, he says, “set him on a path,” and “30 years, 14 books and hundreds of articles later, he has come full circle to the question that he addresses so thoroughly in the research for "Marine Protected Areas for Whales, Dolphins and Porpoises",” published first in 2005, with a completely revised and expanded second edition in 2011:
_	In general, the parts of the question that earn points are worth 5 or 10 points each, though on occasion, 30-point questions will have parts worth 15 points.
_	The Ninth Circuit asked the question that in light of Illinois Brick, if Apple was to be treated as a manufacturer or producer, in which case the class did not have standing to sue, or if they were a distributor, in which case the class could sue for damages.
_	"Perlesvaus" begins by explaining that its main character, Percival, did not fulfill his destiny of achieving the Holy Grail because he failed to ask the Fisher King the question that would heal him, events related in Chrétien's work.
_	This debut indie film by director Bhaskar Banerjee explores the question that has plagued humanity since the beginning, the mysteries of life and death, by introducing the audience to the life of a mystic and enlightened soul called Dadathakur staying in disguise in a remote village in West Bengal.
_	After a few more drinks, which were prompted by Ted for asking the question that caused this whole mess again, Claudia finally agrees to allow Ted to bring a date.
_	This is the question that arises now.
_	This is basically the question that Paul Erdős and Pál Turán asked in 1941.
_	It is often difficult for surveyors conducting general household surveys to get reliable responses to the question that refers to the exact type of latrine in a house, so that the above access numbers should be treated with some caution.
_	Fourth, the question that most exercised optical physicists at that time was not diffraction, but polarization — on which Fresnel had been working, but was yet to make his critical breakthrough.
_	She spends her time wandering on her own, trying to find the answer to the question that torments her: why does the springtime of life inevitably fade so that all things must end?
_	"You have to look at the question that I was responding to and the form that I was filling out...
_	He continued to explore the question that E.W. Scripps gave to him, "What is this damned human animal, anyway?"
_	Eventually he began to have suspicions, and upon locating the Magnificence, asked it the question that haunted him: had Dealer betrayed him?
_	Some of Bristol’s timber-framed buildings were however constructed in part from recycled ship’s timbers, so it is not completely out of the question that some of the timber frame may have come from a Dutch ship.
_	Thus, it was out of the question that this type of pension security system would certainly expire itself and it was necessary to find brand-new solutions.
_	In contrast, Annabelle Wilcox opined that the film primarily reinforced the gender binary by showing that "Brandon's body is branded by such rhetoric and representation, and is assumed to be a site of 'truth' that closes the question that being transgender poses for subjectivity, gender, and sexuality."
_	As one columnist for the Complex Magazine writes, "Think about the question that pops into your head whenever a new rapper drops his first album:
_	Patty S. Derrick also interprets the BBC production in this manner, arguing that "Proteus clearly perceives the offer as a noble gesture of friendship, not an actual offer, because he does not even look towards Silvia but rather falls into an embrace with Valentine" (although Derrick does raise the question that if Valentine is "not" offering Silvia to Proteus, why does Julia swoon?).
_	Therefore, the question that must be asked is whether or not guidelines are needed for the development, writing, testing, application, and representation of operating rules.
_	He was the author of 'Determinatio magistralis', ""on the question that the bodily organs have been created in order that they might carry out their functions, of the functions, created for the benefit of the organs.""
_	Vesely's concept of representation, however, takes place in terms of a communication between a wide range of levels; whereby the question that concerns representation also concerns the truth of representation, a question that has been amply developed by modern hermeneutics.
_	Muir added: "it is not out of the question that regime jets managed to strike a concentration of rebel fighters."
_	Whether the truth behind a given lie Deceit says is believable or not depends on the situation and the question that was asked, relying more on what Thomas thinks it's true about himself in the given moment rather than what it really is.
_	In 2009 Schmidt-Bleek stated that it is out of the question that the concept can be realized on a bigger scale.
_	Since by definition a QFD is designed with a specific question in mind, it should perform much better at answering the question that the parent repository.
_	He posed the question that there had been a deliberate effort by the politicians to pass off the decision on to the Army.
_	'I think the question that the play asks is how can this happen?"
_	Additionally the cabinet decided that a committee would be set up to decide the time when the referendum would take place and the question that people would be asked to vote on, but only after the basic characteristics of the new memorandum with the Troika had been decided.
_	"Sixty Million Frenchmen Can’t Be Wrong" answers the question that the authors struggled with during their two years in France: why do the French get so much flak for resisting globalization when they aren’t resisting it any more than other countries, including the United States?
_	In reply, Socrates poses the question that would eventually become known in philosophy as the Euthyphro dilemma:
_	And the question that “is one truly the master of his own craft?” is touched during the course of the film.
_	But the question that most people want me to answer is, how realistic was it?
_	It's the question that makes him sick to the pit of his stomach, and Penn shows it in his face with almost every scene."
_	Thus, the journal raised the question that Chung may have been charged with a wrong offence.
_	After reading "The Messenger," Rena Hawkins wrote, "Tim's father is dying and the question that tears at him the most is whether his wife, Tim's mother, actually loved him.
_	Cox tackles the question that unites the 7 billion people on Earth:
_	But as Hendriksen notes, this raises the question that if the birds have to do so much work to get their food, is God really the one providing for them?
_	Lewis goes on to answer the question that may arise in response to "kindly enclyning" and that is: "[Did] medieval thinkers really believe that what we now call inanimate objects [possess] sentient and purposive [qualities]"?
_	Although scandalized by Don Ciccio's stories, the Prince at last asks the question that is really on his mind—-what is Angelica truly like?
_	Historian Daniel Loxton speculates on the answer to the question that if CSICOP was not the first skeptical publication, why is it considered to be the "'birth of modern skepticism' (at least for the English-speaking world)"?
_	At the center of the diary is the question that haunts all who read it, "Is Ernessa really a vampire?" or has the narrator trapped herself in the fevered world of her own imagining?
_	Koss herself later admitted that the question that had garnered the largest "rape" result was flawed and ultimately rendered the study invalid.
_	With all factors being equal, the question that Mr. Retailer began asking its product manufacturer suppliers, "What can I do to compel Mom to want to buy the exact same X brand milk and Y brand paper towels from my store instead of the Mr. Retailer Competitor with exactly the same products and price?"
_	Given that this is one of Rembrandt's most magnificent paintings, it is not out of the question that he cherished it, but it also may have been difficult to sell because of its eight-by-ten-foot size.
_	The main theme lies in the question that Egaeus asks himself:
_	Tkachenko said that it was out of the question that the analyser could have malfunctioned, as the gas analyser was of world-class quality, cost $20,000, and was maintained by a specialist who worked according to a strict schedule, checking the analyser after each use and making frequent prophylactic checks.
_	The idea came from the question that Bell's friend once asked him: "What difference does God make?"
_	However, the question that comes to meat, makes crazy the poor man, he does not eat more meat for years.
_	The one substantial difference between a Chief Justice and the other Justices of the Court is that, where opinion on the court is evenly divided, ordinarily the side of the question that is supported by the Chief Justice prevails.
_	When he posted these tables to eGullet, answering the question that he himself had asked in that forum about one year earlier, someone suggested that he should write a book.
_	Trevor Owens also commented on the controversial concept of the game by posing the question that any game set in that time period would have to be "racist and offensive, if it were even remotely faithful to that time period?"
_	Wilson primarily made contributions to astronomy and meteorology, and posited that "what hinders the fixed stars from falling upon one another", the question that Newton had posed in his "Opticks" (1704), was that the entire universe rotated around its centre.
_	Dick poses the question that Boston's seeming fearlessness could stem from his insecurity of being alone.
_	People who were interested in investigating the presence of the Basque People in the department of Antioquia and Colombia have been troubled by the question that relates to the use and retention of the Basque language in their current territories.
_	Bret with the question that Bret says all rock stars dread, "I need to talk to you about whose dick my daughter has been sucking."
_	However, it is not out of the question that Gwyn was merely echoing the satirists of the day, if she said this at all.
_	A San Francisco resident contacted by the robo-poll and later interviewed by the "SF Bay Guardian" about its content, Greg Kamin, described it as unusual because "there was just a barrage of negative information first, before they asked a single question," and said that the questions were structured so that, "there was no way to answer the question that didn't say you wanted him removed."
_	Was his music according to Sampradaya (tradition) or not, was the question that was frequently asked?'
_	The only way to score points was to correctly answer the question that their opponent missed.
_	The title track "It's Cloudy Now" was followed by the question that many Israeli teenagers asked with Geffen – "Do you want change?"
_	Therefore, when Vang responded affirmatively to the question that Mr. Crotteau and Mr. Laski "deserved to die," his meaning implied that the men contributed to the circumstances that led to their deaths.
_	Alvin Curling told the "Toronto Star" in 2013: “I think BADC raised the question that this wonderful looking society of Canada and Toronto, as organized as it was, had some systemic racism going on and police behaviour that was not acceptable.”
_	Paragraph 22, addressing the question that one religion is as good as another (syncretism or indifferentism), states, ". . . followers of other religions can receive divine grace, it is also certain that "objectively speaking" they are in a gravely deficient situation in comparison with those who, in the Church, have the fullness of the means of salvation.
_	The spirits of Werner Heisenberg, Niels Bohr and Bohr's wife Margrethe, meet after their deaths to attempt to answer the question that Margrethe poses in the first line of the play, "Why did he [Heisenberg] come to Copenhagen?"
_	At Harvard, which gave graduate students almost total freedom to design and pursue their own research projects, Lachmann could focus on the question that interested him most: the genesis of capitalism.
_	Despite their varied answers, the Milesian school was searching for a natural substance that would remain unchanged despite appearing in different forms, and thus represents one of the first scientific attempts to answer the question that would lead to the development of modern atomic theory; "the Milesians," says Burnet, "asked for the "φύσις" of all things."
_	Safire quotes Richard Morin, director of polling for "The Washington Post", as writing in 1988,subtle changes in question-wording sometimes produce remarkably different results... researchers call this the 'Dog Whistle Effect': Respondents hear something in the question that researchers do notand speculates that campaign workers adapted the phrase from political pollsters.
_	Though he was now secure on the throne, the question that remained for Duke Huan was what to do with Guang Zhong who had so prominently supported his rival brother.
_	In 1898, Bradlaugh's daughter Hypatia Bradlaugh Bonner wrote a pamphlet in answer to the question that was often addressed to her: whether her father "changed his opinions and became a Christian" before he died.
_	However, the king reveals that the question that the message provides the answer for is: "Is there a God?", which enrages the king as it means that he will go to Hell for his sins.
_	This is the question that our young protagonist will try to answer in Super Inggo 1.5.
_	In response, Taoiseach Enda Kenny said: "The Government has made its decision very clear here in respect to the question that the people will be asked on the 22nd of May.
_	At least one engineer serves to answer the question that "another does not want to ask."
_	When Socrates sums up what they have agreed on so far, it becomes problematic that knowledge is sense perception, for Socrates raises the question that "When the same wind blows, one of us feels cold and the other not?"
_	In addition, German infantry often salvaged any items of US Army clothing they found, thus it was not out of the question that regular German troops might be killed or captured wearing items of US uniforms.
_	Lee of Flora's disappearance, raising the question that Lee may be hiding Flora somewhere in attempt to prevent him from changing the custody agreement.
_	The House then voted on the question that "the word 'local' stand part of the question", and the government was defeated by an avote of 125 to 136.
_	In light of the turmoil surrounding his non-acceptance at the Armory show, his brother's experiences in New York, his soon to be exposition at the "Cubist Exhibition", Boggs & Buhl's, and the representation of a steamship in the upper right quadrant of "L'Oiseau bleu", it would not be out of the question that Metzinger made reference to the American flag (as opposed to a red and white stripped canopy of a Parisian café as suggested by Fry).
_	In this profound and courageous book, Marvin Brown asks the question that moral philosophers and political economists have pondered since Socrates:
_	Without written credentials, Drax was not authorized to guarantee anything to the Soviet Union and instructed by the British government to prolong the discussions as long as possible and avoid answering the question that whether Poland would agree to permit Soviet troops to enter the country if the Germans invaded.
_	While he envisaged a grandiose program that would take the subject much further, more than thirty years later serious doubts remain concerning its import for the question that Hilbert asked.
_	In the long negotiations with the restive and semi-rebellious Teutonic Order, Łaski rendered Sigismund most important political services, proposing as a solution of the question that Sigismund should be elected grand master, while Łaski should surrender the primacy to the new candidate of the knights, Albert, Duke in Prussia, a solution which would have been far more profitable to Poland than the ultimate settlement of 1525.
_	The Court then turned to the question that was at issue in the case: whether the disparate-impact regulation that Sandoval invoked created an implied private right of action.
_	It is not entirely out of the question that the rune-carver Asmund Karesun, Asmund Karesson who produced Christian memorials in central Sweden in the 1020s and '30s, might have been the future Bishop Osmund, but this hypothesis has not won much favour in recent years.
_	More generally, the question that arises is what has to be the case for any two things to be related.
_	She spends her time wandering on her own, trying to find the answer to the question that torments her: why does the springtime of life inevitably fade so that all things must end?
_	'What's the harm?' is the question that all of us skeptics get asked whenever we do interviews on T.V. or debate people about irrational beliefs.
_	In particular, he relished the opportunity to write about Tim's love life (eventually reintroducing the character of Molly to the book) and also to approach issues of morality: he used the stories to resolve for Tim the question that was asked about him at the start of Neil Gaiman's mini-series — would he be good or evil?
_	Filipe poses the question that what if they eliminated Kristin because she's the bigger threat and then something worse happened to Laura's hip.
_	According to explosives experts, Basayev was most likely a victim of careless handling of the mine, but it is also not out of the question that the FSB could have been involved – as they would claim in the aftermath of the detonation.
_	“It is not out of the question that in the future there should be other attempts, besides mine, to understand the historical causes of the failure of modern philosophy, and to attempt to remedy them.
_	One final film clip was shown, and the question that followed it was worth 30 points.
_	It finally answered the question that was uttered in "The Furious and the Fast":
_	François goes to visit her often, but she never provides the explanation for the question that he most desperately wants to know.
_	Sometimes it would be your lack of medical knowledge; sometimes the question that you failed to ask the patient that would have revealed the root of the problem, or sometimes your ineptitude at eliciting the required clinical signs.
_	John Abdulla reviewed the book on Oxfam's blog, concluding: "And so the question that remains for me, as I think more about the ideas laid out in this book, is how can I challenge myself to do more good in this world?"
_	Frequently the gold is inside a vase, hidden inside buried pans, or other recipients, which has raised the question that this could be related to funerary urns.
_	"There are ways of speaking about the question that seem to ignore these human realities or to undervalue them," he said.
_	“It is certainly not out of the question that Sister Annella may one day be raised to the honors of the altar.
_	The Court did not hear the question that had decided the district court opinion, namely that Hamdan was entitled to a GCIII Art. 5 hearing instead of a Combatant Status Review Tribunal.
_	What time is it?" segment, where prominent musicians (including Van Halen, Grace Slick, Hall & Oates, Ian Hunter, the Greg Kihn Band, Kip Addotta, and Chevy Chase) would ask the question that prompted the announcement of the time.
_	Around this time, he had an earnest conversation with John Herbert about going into Holy Orders, and asked him whether he could answer yes to the question that the Bishop would put in the ordination service, "Do you trust that you are inwardly moved by the Holy Spirit".
_	Question!' to take part in the debate on the Duke of York's conduct, and had not got very far when the house became 'so clamorous for the question that the hon.
_	Draws determined the candidate and the question that he answers.
_	Her faculty mentor at Harvard Law was Charles Ogletree, who has said that she had answered the question that had plagued her throughout Princeton by the time she arrived at Harvard Law, of whether she would remain the product of her parents or keep the identity she had acquired at Princeton, believing that she concluded she could be "both brilliant and black."
_	After the host asked Richard the question that Richard lost with, Mindi, feeling confident of Richard not knowing the answer again, promised a make out session.
_	The Ozmists do answer the question that she is alive but disperse and cause the insects to attack the two Animals.
_	If at this stage, this Court were to decline to interfere, though there is no dispute on facts, the final determination of the question that arises is likely to take another decade” and proceeded to examine the merits.
_	Ancient philosophy scholar Jonathan Barnes writes of encountering the story as a child and finding it "one of the richest and most singular investigations of Holmes’s long career – an opinion which I have had no reason to change...Revisited in adulthood, the story reveals itself as a sour parable about the endurance of lust, a lurid treatment of the question that is put to Falstaff as Doll Tearsheet fidgets on his knee: 'is it not strange that desire should so many years outlive performance?'.
_	Of course, when Stephanie eventually has to come home, she too is taken hostage, and soon the question that comes up is if the Perkins will kill Stephanie and her parents before help arrives - if ever, that is.
_	An attempt to challenge Newdow's standing to sue on his daughter's behalf failed in the Ninth Circuit and would be the question that would result in the entire lawsuit being vacated by the United States Supreme Court on June 14, 2004.
_	On June 16, 2016, the Maine State Chamber of Commerce filed its objection to the proposed wording of the question that appears on the ballot.
_	Miles Ogborn partly answers the question that Shaw raises in "Indian Ink: script and print in the making of the English East India Company" when he explains how the East India Company introduced printing not simply to facilitate trade, but more importantly, to consolidate the empire.
_	Rabbi Levi addressed the question that raises: "Did ever a people hear the voice of God speaking out of the midst of the fire, as you have heard, and live?"
_	"The characterization of the statement that I made does not reflect the context of the question that I was answering and certainly does not reflect my views throughout my lifetime.
_	"(I Am) Nobody's Lunch" takes on the question that was on the minds of many Americans as the Bush Administration began to launch the Iraq War:
_	Almayahu made a critical mistake by underestimating or even despising him; "it was out of the question that he would passively accept his personal elimination and the defeat of his views."
_	For example, unlike interviews, the people conducting the research may never know if the respondent understood the question that was being asked.
_	As he struggles to hold on to his hard won acceptance, the warrior seeks the answer to the question that has haunted him all his life:
_	Speaking about the government's attitude, Mr Al Alawi said that "As for the question that has been raised in the Press about the so-called problem of lesbianism, as a ministry we cannot talk about a widespread phenomenon and we can't call them lesbians.
_	He was told after expressing some shock at the question that it had become a routine point.
_	The majority, Griffiths CJ, Barton, O'Connor and Isaacs JJ settled the question that the Attorney-General of a State can maintain an action against the Commonwealth to obtain a declaration and consequential relief against the Commonwealth's ultra vires activity.
_	That was exactly the question that Illinois Governor George Ryan faced in his final days in office.
_	It could be said that the show's trademark is Martin's phrase at the end of each of "Cámara en Mano"'s programs, when he asks, aloud, the question that is actually part of the show's official name, "¿Y vos, que ves???"
_	Evidence of this has never been found, but Berdichevsky admits that he "may have had a pre-existing relationship with alpacas," and poses the question that perhaps he "was the one tallying the votes."
_	The episode had a significant role in the series, as it introduced the Kawatche caves—which held the Kryptonian language written on its walls—and explored Clark's origins, while at the same time posing the question that people from Clark's homeworld may have visited Smallville before Clark arrived on the planet.
_	This is the question that people should be asking."
_	Dunlap announced the final wording of the question that will appear on the ballot on September 7, 2017.
_	I was assured by neurologists that the nervous system of the baby was such that it was out of the question that any memory to do with birth could be reliably recorded as fact.
_	An all-party meeting called by the District Collector decided to recommend action against the professor responsible for incorporating the question that reportedly hurt the religious sentiments of the community.
_	Akers of "Den of Geek" wrote, "But the question that "Hannibal" has been asking approaches the problem from a slightly different angle:
_	They will even answer some fan questions while the games are in progress and give their take on the question that was asked to them, In addition, some lucky fans will get to interact with the crew at the end of the night, via Skype or FaceTime, where they can comment or ask any question they want to them, face-to-face and have some fun with them.
_	During Williams's rough start in Los Angeles, the question that had obsessed him for years, "Can I do it?", remained unanswered.
_	During her participation in the Russell Tribunal, Maguire, according to one report, "asked the question that seems to be taboo in the U.S.:
_	In this way they corrected a misapplication of models so that those managing populations would use the right equation for the question that they were asking.
_	Critics of the population argument raise the question that if England at the beginning stages of the price revolution was very unpopulated, how could any renewed growth from such a low level immediately spark inflation?
_	At the New Delhi launch of the book, the author stated that, "This book is not only about the Jarawa tribe in The Andaman Islands, it also asks the question that whether a bunch of boys and girls, today’s youth, can fight for a cause they believe in, and how far are they willing to go for it."
_	If the question that formula_147 wants to ask the system is another complete question, formula_159, the probability formula_160 of a "yes" answer has certain constraints upon it:
_	Instead, "when you look to global markets, the question that foreign buyers always ask is what can best represent Taiwan".
_	Julia Serano, a trans activist, wrote that there were flaws in Blanchard's original papers, including that they were conducted among overlapping populations primarily at the Clarke Institute in Toronto without nontranssexual controls, that the subtypes were not empirically derived but instead were "begging the question that transsexuals fall into subtypes based on their sexual orientation," and that further research had found a non-deterministic correlation between cross-gender arousal and sexual orientation.
_	This raised the question that if and when the game was released in English speaking markets, would the rom be included with an English translated script or be left out entirely, as that game had been originally released throughout North America under the title "Dragon Power" in 1986, and all evidence of the "Dragon Ball" license was removed.
_	"It's the question that has been on everyone's lips for months—who is Kat's secret lover?
_	Rabbi Levi addressed the question that raises: "Did ever a people hear the voice of God speaking out of the midst of the fire, as you have heard, and live?"
