_	If the degree of bleeding is mild, all that may be sought by the woman is the reassurance that there is no sinister underlying cause.
_	Bob thought this an odd response but took it with the reassurance that had been implied.
_	For those that cannot make the climb or trek across traffic, there is the reassurance that an image of the lighthouse, in this case, is more enduring than any specific visit.
_	It presents the essential themes of the Qur'an, such as the sovereignty of God, the unlimited power of God as exemplified by His creations, Paradise, the ultimate punishment of nonbelievers, resurrection, the struggle of believers against polytheists and nonbelievers, and the reassurance that the believers are on the right path, among others.
_	This allows US supporters to give to St Jude’s with easy, tax-deductible contributions and the reassurance that any financial donations are tax-deductible to the full extent of the law.
_	Families of Householders speak of the reassurance that their loved one has someone in the house, looking out for their welfare.
_	Briefly, this gave Clippers' management and the media the reassurance that Brand would indeed re-sign with the team.
_	Additionally, the Hellenic Police has shown an active support, with a financial donation at the Children's Smile () and the reassurance that the agency was, is and will remain "for life", an active supporter of the Organization.
_	However, even after the win and the reassurance that the UFC would give him another fight, Diaz decided to sign with the Gracie Fighting Championships and leave the UFC.
_	The Aornis copy was unable to control it and it destroyed her, and Thursday was left with the reassurance that defeating the real Aornis would now be easy.
_	This is the core information that many viewers are seeking, for everyone wants the reassurance that they are sexually "normal".
_	The authors preface their history of Oriental food and a representative selection of recipes with the reassurance that "When it is known how simple and clean are the ingredients used to make up these oriental dishes, the Westerner will cease to feel that natural repugnance which assails one when about to taste a strange dish of a new and strange land."
_	These entitled Members to play in county competitions and give the reassurance that the course has been validated by the EGU.
_	After this episode, Po moved out to focus on his duties as the Dragon Warrior with the reassurance that his father is at peace with his calling.
_	Archbishop Parker’s rhyming translation of Psalm 126, published in 1560, ends with the reassurance that
_	It is therefore critical for families and caregivers to recognize the pathological nature of PBA and the reassurance that this is an involuntary syndrome that is manageable.
_	This Act provides those with insurance the reassurance that their claims cannot be delayed or possibly denied and those without insurance more access to affordable insurance.
_	The protest from Columbia citizens and the reassurance that the Columns did not pose a safety hazard led Rothwell and the other curators to have a change of heart in December 1893, and the Columns remain.
_	The lyrics involve the singer comforting and encouraging a grieving and despondent friend who has lost a love, with the reassurance that "better love" will be found in the future.
_	The protest from Columbia citizens and the reassurance that the Columns did not pose a safety hazard led Rothwell and the other curators to have a change of heart in December 1893, and the Columns would remain.
_	Similarly, William Whitebait in the "New Statesman", who found the film to be "better than either "War of the Worlds" or "Them!"", also called for "a couple of cheers for the reassurance that British films can still, once in a while, come quick".
_	He's leading us back into the wilderness, with the reassurance that our psychopaths are bigger and stronger than the bad guys' psychopaths."
