_	The major improvement provided by Saegusa and Ito was the recognition that the enol form was the reactive species, developing a method based on silyl enol ethers.
_	Friedrich Wilhelm August Fröbel (1782–1852) was a student of Pestalozzi who laid the foundation for modern education based on the recognition that children have unique needs and capabilities.
_	Other salient points in this plan included the recognition that in addition to undercapitalisation in some areas, the industry also suffered in places from being sub-scale and thus inefficient, posing a threat to the industry's international competitiveness, particularly as competition may increase following the relaxation of trade and commerce restrictions among members of ASEAN, commencing in 2015.
_	Analysts need to harness trained intuition: the recognition that one has come to a spontaneous insight.
_	The recognition proposed in the Akaka bill is somewhat similar to the recognition that federally recognized Tribes in the continental 48 states and Alaska have.
_	One of the major accomplishments of the 2002 World Summit on Sustainable Development (WSSD) in Johannesburg, South Africa, was the recognition that renewable energy is a critical component of sustainable development, energy security, climate change, and air quality.
_	This insight led in turn to the recognition that a star's gravitational pull might be so strong that the escape velocity would exceed the speed of light.
_	It starts with the recognition that the occurrence of common exposures and diseases reflects the functioning of society as a whole.
_	One of the cardinal principles of his method was the recognition that any given symptom may appear in virtually any one of these disorders; e.g., there is almost no single symptom occurring in dementia praecox which cannot sometimes be found in manic depression.
_	More recently Trask has spoken against the Akaka Bill, a bill to establish a process for Native Hawaiians to gain federal recognition similar to the recognition that some Native American tribes currently possess.
_	The idea for the African Social Forum originated at the World Social Forum in Porto Alegre (Brazil) from 25 to January 30, 2001, upon the recognition that of the 14,000 representatives, only 50 were from Africa.
_	However, many feel he has not received the recognition that he deserves.
_	It is based on the recognition that it is no longer exclusively the corporations who control the global conversation, but the communities.
_	It describes in poetic prose the rebellion of a private tutor against his employer and the menacing world of the 1930s, inducing a nightmarish state, and concluding with the recognition that he must join the workers' movement.
_	This has been accompanied by a gradual shift across the public sector, a shift that remains very much on-going, towards the recognition that policy and decisions should be influenced to a greater degree by evidence.
_	"The emergence of teleoperation and virtual environments has greatly increased interest in "synthetic experience", a mode of experience made possible by both these newer technologies and earlier ones, such as telecommunication and sensory prosthetics... understanding synthetic experience must begin by recognizing the fallacy of naïve realism and with the recognition that the phenomenology of synthetic experience is continuous with that of ordinary experience."
_	The base of the Copernican period is defined based on the recognition that freshly excavated materials on the lunar surface are generally "bright" and that they become darker over time as a result of space weathering processes.
_	Decision Intelligence is based on the recognition that, in many organizations, decision making could be improved if a more structured approach were used.
_	The European Commission's activities in this area start with the recognition that animals are sentient beings.
_	This view was more or less simplistic, but implied the recognition that even at this early year the support was a catalytic component in the broadly construed catalytic composition.
_	Additional support may come from the recognition that stone boxes lie to the left of most doorways, forcing the person entering the house to turn to the right-hand, "male", side of the dwelling.
_	A major driving force for Hutterite leadership today is the recognition that land prices have risen dramatically in Alberta and Saskatchewan because of the oil and gas industry, thus creating the need for a greater amount of cash to buy land when it comes time for a colony to split.
_	Appraising projects on the basis of their supposed reductions in travel times has come under scrutiny in recent years with the recognition that improvements in capacity generate trips that would not have been made (induced demand), partially eroding the benefits of reduced travel times.
_	Reverence therefore is related to truth and the recognition that mankind cannot acquire absolute truth and that human life is finite.
_	It is the recognition that ultimately everything is impermanent (anicca) and devoid of "self" or "essence" (anatta), and that this emptiness does not constitute an "absolute" reality in itself..
_	Abdou observes that "as taken from academic texts by non- Muslims, is the recognition that resonances exist between Islam and anarchism."
_	Fellow world record holder Usain Bolt stated that Kenenisa Bekele's achievements had not received the recognition that they deserved.
_	Friedrich Wilhelm August Fröbel or Froebel (; 21 April 1782 – 21 June 1852) was a German pedagogue, a student of Pestalozzi, who laid the foundation for modern education based on the recognition that children have unique needs and capabilities.
_	The idea for the magazine came from the recognition that while universities are influential in many ways, there was no independent Canadian journal that examined university issues in a serious but accessible and visually engaging manner for both academics and the general public.
_	Networking efforts over that past two decades have resulted in the recognition that a new field of medicine has emerged.
_	As a part of its adoption by the mainstream, camp has undergone a softening of its original subversive tone, and is often little more than the recognition that popular culture can also be enjoyed by a sophisticated sensibility.
_	One of the earliest steps towards atomic physics was the recognition that matter was composed
_	This led subsequently to the recognition that glaciation had affected southern England.
_	Despite that he was not credited as the songwriter on the record, he took advantage of the recognition that the song granted him, and moved to Nashville in 1960.
_	The development of IDEF4 came from the recognition that the modularity, maintainability and code reusability that results from the object-oriented programming paradigm can be realized in traditional data processing applications.
_	A further important aspect of the new policy was the recognition that First Nation and Inuit communities could take over any or all aspect(s) of the administration of their own community health programs, at their discretion and with the support of the Department of National Health and Welfare.
_	Despite that he was not credited as the songwriter on the record, he took advantage of the recognition that the song granted him, and moved to Nashville in 1960.
_	“Environmental law” only became a distinct and separate body of legislature in all developed and many developing nations in the 1960s, upon the recognition that the natural environment is in desperate need of aid to sustain itself, being so fragile.
_	Describing this aspect of Earthsea, Elizabeth Cummins wrote, "The principle of balanced powers, the recognition that every act affects self, society, world, and cosmos, is both a physical and a moral principle of Le Guin's fantasy world."
_	Over the next five years, he developed the principles of his mature theology — most notably his conviction that the very notion of a clergyman was a sin against the Holy Spirit, because it limited the recognition that the Holy Spirit could speak through any member of the Church.
_	The poem ends with the exchange of instruments by the two singers and the recognition that neither lost in the competition.
_	Discussing his role as their executive producer, Rense told NPR in October 2000 that he was keen to "do something nice in Frank's memory and at the same time do something nice for the Persuasions and give them the kind of forum to get the recognition that they deserved".
_	Following World War II and the recognition that there was less need for work horses and a greater future in developing sport horses and general light riding animals, the stud added additional lines such as the Thoroughbred and Trakehner, with the Marbach stallion Julmond (1938–1965) a significant contributor of traits that transformed the Württemberger from a work horse into a sport horse.
_	What was paramount was the recognition that this voice is the fruit of an ever-evolving conversation, argument and counter-argument.
_	Role taking is a step upon this, which is the recognition that people each have their own subjective interpretation of the environment, including how they think about and behave towards other people.
_	“…But there is one actor whom, since he has never reached the rank of a star, and so has hardly received the recognition that he deserves, I should like to mention.
_	The first is a better understanding of the evolution of morphological characters, leading to the recognition that key character states long used to group genera into higher units were demonstrably homoplastic.
_	Within the Blytt–Sernander classification of north European climatic phases, the prefix "Younger" refers to the recognition that this original "Dryas" period was preceded by a warmer stage, the Allerød oscillation, which, in turn, was preceded by the Older Dryas, around 14,000 calendar years BP.
_	Stearnes is considered by some as one of the great all-around players in the history of baseball, but because of his race and his quiet personality, he never received the recognition that many believe he deserved.
_	One of the most significant features of "Bonnerichthys" is the recognition that it was a filter feeder, living on plankton.
_	"Steward" marked the beginning of the recognition that Congress could use the Spending Clause, under the umbrella of general welfare, to regulate state laws through incentives and encouragement but not coercion.
_	For the advancement of science "and" protection of the right to freedom of expression, Russell advocated The Will to Doubt, the recognition that all human knowledge is at most a best guess, that one should always remember:
_	Total Worker Health (TWH) builds on this approach through the recognition that work is a social determinant of health.
_	Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini emphasized that Ja'fari jurisprudence is configured based on the recognition that epistemology is influenced by subjectivity.
_	Dr. Woosley's research at Georgetown contributed substantially to the recognition that non-cardiovascular drugs, such as antihistamines (e.g., terfenadine (Seldane)), may have arrhythmogenic effects.
_	And I was still very much aware that the recognition that many – most, I should say – of the really important and fundamental discoveries in science which subsequently led to a massive technological development have come through curiosity-led research, and often through serendipity, which is terribly important.
_	It is this reliance on the holistic integrity of experience which leads to the recognition that intuitive perception rather than mathematical calculation is the source of the truth of effective theories.
_	King then defines the third doctrine of man which 'is the recognition that man is a sinner.
_	An innovation from Keynes was the concept of price stickiness, i.e. the recognition that in reality workers often refuse to lower their wage demands even in cases where a classical economist might argue it is rational for them to do so.
_	the recognition that what we are reading is not the world as we know it, but a world whose differences force us to reconsider our own with an outsider's perspective.
_	WaterFire’s symbolism and interpretation is both inclusive and expansive - reflecting the recognition that individuals must act together to strengthen and preserve their community.
_	One important discovery of meaning–text linguistics was the recognition that LUs in a language can be related to one another in an abstract semantic sense and that this same relation also holds across many lexically-unrelated pairs or sets of LUs.
_	Congress attempted to "strike a balance between the interest in scientific examination of skeletal remains and the recognition that Native Americans, like people from every culture around the world, have a religious and spiritual reverence for the remains of their ancestors."
_	The pith and substance doctrine is founded on the recognition that it is in practice impossible for a legislature to exercise its jurisdiction over a matter effectively without incidentally affecting matters within the jurisdiction of another level of government.
_	In several countries in Africa, gender programs are targeting boys because of the recognition that boys too suffer certain gender specific problems, especially arising from their socialization.
_	Ultimately personal character reaches its acme in the recognition that service of lost causes, through which we may learn that our ultimate loyalty is to loyalty itself.
_	Following the recognition that the B[e] phenomenon could occur in several distinct types of star, four sub-types were named:
_	The cornerstone of the CPU is the recognition that people between the ages of 12-18 pass through three basic "Developmental Periods" (DPs).
_	Although the concept of relativity was not introduced by Einstein, his major contribution was the recognition that the speed of light in a vacuum is constant, i.e. the same for all observers, and an absolute physical boundary for motion.
_	The younger boundary of this period is defined based on the recognition that freshly excavated materials on the lunar surface are generally bright and that they become darker over time as a result of space weathering processes.
_	At the start of the space program in the late fifties and early sixties, there was the recognition that X-rays and gamma-rays, not detectable from the ground, offered a new window on the universe.
_	It owes its origin to the recognition that there required to be formal regulation of those who had sufficient legal knowledge to be permitted to act as agents in respect of actions before the higher courts.
_	A by product of the work on Project 16 was the recognition that the problems of interagency cooperation inherent in the then standard allocations of separate frequencies to separate functions and agencies in the Public Safety Service might be solved by the use of digital addressing, trunking techniques.
_	The conference started with the recognition that the three large spring festivals that SXSW, Inc. holds in Austin were straining the hotel capacity of that city.
_	Where previously Royce’s hypotheses about ontology had taken for granted that relations are discovered in the analysis of terms, here he moves to the recognition that terms are constituted by their relations, and insofar as terms are taken to refer to entities, as we must assume, we are obliged to think about individuals as uniquely constituted by a totality of relations to other individuals and to the Whole that are theirs alone.
_	During this same period the subcommittee on counter-trade began meeting in London under the chairmanship of Andreas Calice of Prudential-Bache Trading in response to the recognition that debt was choking trade with much of the Third World.
_	Her father, however, counseled her that in Puerto Rico music was not given the recognition that it deserved, and sent her to Alabama to study education and prepare herself as a teacher.
_	Founded in 1997, with the support and assistance of the International Federation of Air Line Pilots' Associations (IFALPA), the organisation was a response to the recognition that the airline industry was rapidly evolving towards airline globalisation and an indication of this was the proposal that one regional airline be created.
_	Although the Leatherneck Raiders (also known as the "Leathernecks," and the "Battlefield Raiders") were an effective fighting force in World War II, they never achieved the recognition that the Howling Commandos received.
_	A critical component of this form of modeling is the recognition that connectivity and disturbance are perceived and responded to differently by different organisms and ecological processes.
_	The group was established after the announcement of the sale of the Grade I-listed house and the recognition that the condition of the landscaped grounds in the ownership of Bristol City Council were in an advanced state of decay and in urgent need of conservation.
_	This meeting also saw the formation of the Clandestine Front, which came about from the recognition that FALINTIL, the armed resistance, had been significantly weakened by many years of guerrilla activity against the Indonesian military.
_	The letter went on to say that "The fact that the IPCC has earned the recognition that this award embodies, is really a tribute to your knowledge, hard work and application."
_	Some research, however, has highlighted that the two concepts are related but different, with theory of mind being the recognition that another person has different thoughts and feelings and perspective-taking being the ability to take on that other person’s point of view.
_	His work is based on the recognition that a key aspiration of all of humanity is to successfully shape the future.
_	The agreement stresses the importance of migrant labor and the recognition that should be rewarded to the migrant worker, also arguing that the migrant worker is subject to equality and protection.
_	the recognition that what we are reading is not the world as we know it, but a world whose difference forces us to reconsider our own world with an outsider's perspective.
_	Paul, in opposing his enemies in Galatia, recalls that John explicitly, along with Peter and James the Just, were referred to as "pillars of the church" and refers to the recognition that his Apostolic preaching of a gospel free from Jewish Law received from these three, the most prominent men of the messianic community at Jerusalem.
_	At the Millennium World Peace Summit of Religious and Spiritual Leaders, United Nations, New York City, New York (August 2000), in his address entitled “Nature of Forgiveness and Compassion” Sant Rajinder Singh Ji Maharaj stated: “Spirituality is the recognition that behind our outer names and labels, we are souls, a part of one Creator.
_	One of the earliest steps towards "atomic physics" was the recognition that matter was composed of "atoms", in modern terms the basic unit of a chemical element.
_	Plastic surgeons introduced the recognition that a woman’s breast was also crucial to her femininity, sexuality, and identity.
_	But a few steps, based on the recognition that the intelligence-policy relationship is indeed broken, could reduce the likelihood that such a breakdown will recur."
_	"Hands to Myself" is a flirty and sassy song about seduction, "Sober" brings ‘80s "slamming" synthesizers to the fore and "girlie yelps", which lyrically regards social awkwardness and how a significant other doesn’t know how to love unless alcohol is involved and the recognition that the boundaries in a relationship aren't so great.
_	This goes beyond the recognition that ontogenetic processes can impose constraints on the action of selection, or that proximate and ultimate processes interact.
_	The shift of students out of Catholic schools together with the recognition that children were not the only ones in need of religious instruction caused Sisters in the 1970s to begin to work full-time in parish school of religion programs and total parish religious education.
_	Yossi Alpher, a political consultant and writer and former senior advisor to Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak said in November 2008 that: "The initiative is unique in terms of the comprehensive “payoff” it offers Israel and, with regard to refugees, both the absence of any direct mention of the right of return and the recognition that Israel's agreement to a solution must be solicited.
_	by the recognition that expression on the left-hand side is also "L"(1) where "L"("s") is the Dirichlet L-function for the Gaussian field.
_	In 1998, the recognition that there was a need to expand the basic initiative of Nyumbani Home to other locales gave birth to the Lea Toto program.
_	The text teaches that the recognition that cognitive objects are non-existent, leads to ultimate detachment, which causes an attitude of "dispassion and non-involvement with worldly things and matters", though still fulfilling one's daily duties and activities.
_	Two significant developments of the late nineteenth century were, firstly, the recognition that with a limited site, one storey buildings were not a wise use of space.
_	The design of the network included the recognition that it should provide only the functions of efficiently transmitting and routing traffic between end nodes and that all other intelligence should be located at the edge of the network, in the end nodes.
_	He had not been forgotten in the Netherlands, but it was only on his eightieth birthday, in 1949, that his native country gave him the recognition that he had long desired: he was made an honorary citizen of the City of Roermond.
_	Neuroendocrinology arose from the recognition that the brain, especially the hypothalamus, controls secretion of pituitary gland hormones, and has subsequently expanded to investigate numerous interconnections of the endocrine and nervous systems.
_	This is a superb novel about a common human sorrow, that great shock of middle age -- the recognition that we are all dying inside and that all of us must face the eventual disappearance of the person we have been."
_	It is a forum based on the recognition that there is close link between peace, security and stability in Asia and in the rest of the world.
_	The development of IDEF4 came from the recognition that the modularity, maintainability and code reusability that results from the object-oriented programming paradigm can be realized in traditional data processing applications.
_	For it was in reflecting on the similarity between Blake and Milton that Frye first stumbled upon the "principle of the mythological framework," the recognition that "the Bible was a mythological framework, cosmos or body of stories, and that societies live within a mythology" (Hart 18).
_	He refers to “clarity of understanding” as the recognition that feelings are always and only caused by moment to moment thinking.
_	"To Disembark" functions in both works to evoke the recognition that African Americans are still coping with the remnants of slavery and its manifestation in racism.
_	The recognition that the patients in the United States had EM led to the recognition that "Lyme arthritis" was one manifestation of the same tick-borne condition known in Europe.
_	A major theme of the field in recent years has been internationalization—the recognition that much vital scholarship about the US and its relations to the wider global community has been and is being produced outside the United States.
_	However, in the past few years, they have begun to actively reframe the biography, for two reasons: firstly, as a 'feminist' couple, they felt that Alpha's input in terms of the conception and creation of the compositions has not been given the recognition that it deserves; secondly, they wished to avoid common misinterpretations of the work, when viewed as the product of only a male mind, as depicting the objectification of female characters.
_	An essential component of this integrated theory must also be the recognition that a culture of peace can only result from an authentic process of transformation, both individual and collective."
_	Part of the debate was based on the cultural differences between the more liberal civilian society and the conservative military society, and on the recognition that such differences had apparently become more pronounced than in past years.
_	Difficulties with landing supplies on the harbourless coast, as well as the recognition that the land route to New Plymouth was both difficult and hostile, convinced Cameron that it would be prudent to abandon his advance and he returned to Patea, leaving several of the redoubts manned by the 57th Regiment.
_	... promotes anti-infrastructure analysis and action, based on the recognition that infrastructure expansion is a weak point of the system."
_	Her father, however, counseled her that in Puerto Rico music was not given the recognition that it deserved, and sent her to Alabama to study education and prepare her as a teacher.
_	In July 2010, Cardinal Martino assumed the position of Honorary President of the Dignitatis Humanae Institute, a Rome-based organisation established to promote human dignity "based on the recognition that man is made in the image and likeness of God".
_	Emerging from these original studies was the recognition that the different arts evoke experiences with their own claims to reality.
_	Important findings by his team included the discovery that seizure activity in an adult model of temporal lobe epilepsy causes a marked increase in the birth of hippocampal neurons (with post-doc Jack Parent, MD), and the recognition that numerous molecules responsible for normal development are also expressed in this same brain region in the adult (with post-doc Sam Pleasure, MD, PhD, Robert Elliott, PhD, and others).
_	"Procedural knowledge" reflects the recognition that multiple sources of knowledge exist, and that procedures are necessary for evaluating the relative merit of these sources.
_	However, what followed was the recognition that insights and information outside of personal experience could have bearing on knowledge.
_	The older idea that these are "hunger rivers" is giving way, with new research, to the recognition that the Rio Negro, for example, supports a large fishing industry and has numerous turtle beaches.
_	Though the effort was promoted by many, it was largely through his effectiveness that Ireland received the recognition that it deserved as the font of Gaelic culture and the premier disseminator of literacy in ancient times.
_	This trend began as early as the 1960s with the recognition that information and access to it was shifting to electronic resources with the development of telecommunications and computer networks and away from the traditional definition of librarianship.
_	Quine argued that the solution to the paradox lies in the recognition that certain predicates, which he called natural kinds, have a distinguished status with respect to induction.
_	He has worked, more recently to open psychiatric classifications, including the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) and the International Classification of Diseases, Mental and Behavioral Disorders to fundamental rethinking including the incorporation of neuroscience and genetics the recognition that many mental disorders are quantitative deviations from health rather than categorically different.
_	A new emphasis was emerging around the professional management of intelligence and the recognition that racketeering, facilitation and identity fraud were now big business rather than a back-street industry.
_	Because of this marketing tool, these fan-based website pages have increased greatly in numbers and give them the recognition that they were looking for.
_	Race Mathews believed that "Whirlaway" never gained the recognition that it deserved because its publication in England in 1937 coincided with the lead-up to World War II.
_	In 2004, The School of Dance expanded its bilingual programming, with the recognition that its enrollment included an increasing number of francophone students.
_	Bratby did not achieve the recognition that his wife received and he was upset by it, which made their relationship increasingly difficult.
_	Previously, it was thought that 10% of the world population was infected, but these figures predate the recognition that at least 90% of these infections were due to a second species, "E. dispar".
_	Trousseau did not associate diabetes with iron accumulation; the recognition that infiltration of the pancreas with iron might disrupt endocrine function resulting in diabetes was made by Friedrich Daniel von Recklinghausen in 1890.
_	He was one of the few in the West actually reading what was being written in the Soviet Union with the recognition that there were still great writers who had stayed behind."
_	Among the most exciting recent archaeological discoveries in Greece is the recognition that the sanctuary site near the modern village of Kalapodi is not only the site of the oracle of Apollon at Abai but that it was in constant use for cult practices from early Mycenaean times to the Roman period.
_	In 1928, it released the "Standards for Buying and Selling" with the recognition that buying and selling should be mutually profitable and that cooperation would reduce the cost of purchasing.
_	It involves the recognition that, even with data from psychometrically strong measures, the assessment process is inherently a decision-making task in which the clinician must iteratively formulate and test hypotheses by integrating data that are often incomplete and consistent.
_	The Lambeth mothers' project was prompted by the recognition that more infants died in the London slums than in Kensington or Hampstead.
_	His poetry focused on the recognition that love is the only happiness of the human soul.
_	The significance of this collaboration, WTO Secretary-General Mr. Francesco Frangialli claimed, would lie in "the increased visibility it gives the WTO, and the recognition that will be accorded to [it].
_	They draw on two fundamental convictions in those quests: the sense of Nature's richness, spectacular complexity, and fertility, and the recognition that Nature is the only realm in which people live out their lives.
_	One of the major accomplishments of the 2002 World Summit on Sustainable Development (WSSD) in Johannesburg, South Africa, was the recognition that renewable energy is a critical component of sustainable development, energy security, climate change, and air quality.
_	The main character is a mother of a grown son, so liberation from the daily responsibilities of motherhood is emphasized, but it is complicated by the recognition that part of motherhood is letting go, something Angelou struggles with.
_	With the recognition that the polarizabilities may be tensors, the DDA can readily be applied to anisotropic materials.
_	The process for beatification – the recognition that she died "in odium fidei" (in hatred of the faith) – commenced under Pope Benedict XV but was long and protracted; it seemed doomed after Rome suggested there was no local following (or "cultus") to Rutan.
_	The French unprotected cruiser "Milan" (1885) was distinct in appearance and role, with the recognition that cruisers were more useful as scouts and commerce raiders if they were faster than ironclad battleships.
_	Russ Smith, the park's first superintendent, described its mission in part as, "I think it's... the recognition that it's not all about Jamestown and Plymouth Rock.
_	"Publisher's Weekly" gave it a starred review on October 9th, calling it, "a strikingly grounded story of star-crossed would-be lovers, deception, and the recognition that most of humanity exists between the extremes of good and evil".
_	necessary features to make them fully rigorous: the use of a proper probability distribution over pairwise distances in proteins, and the recognition that the reference state is rigorously
_	The song moves towards a more reproachful tone as Björk sings, "You just ain't receiving / Your phone is off the hook / Your doors are shut", tempered by the recognition that you have to "twist your head around you" because "love is all around you".
_	Its cruelty lies in the recognition that the tragedy of failure to come up to one's own expectations ... is essentially comic... .
_	And the recognition that we have not received, I can [accept or] live with.
_	The discipline of informatics is based on the recognition that the design of this technology is not solely a technical matter, but must focus on the relationship between the technology and its use in real-world settings.
_	This was not only a huge accomplishment for the Her Campus co-founders, but some say that it officially brought Her Campus the recognition that it deserved.
_	Women are the backbone of Broken Hill's society and they truly deserve the recognition that this monument will give them."
_	Of particular importance, in relation to the traditional interpretation of fort plans, is the recognition that it was the norm to house horses and men together in stable-barracks, whose number and disposition indicate that the fort cannot have housed any single standard unit, and was probably occupied by a vexillation of cavalry.
_	The organization's approach is based on the recognition that all economic policies entail trade-offs that benefit some groups more than others, and there is no one set of policies that is best for all countries.
_	Non-duality or rigpa is said to be the recognition that both the quiet, calm abiding state as found in samatha and the movement or arising of phenomena as found in vipassana are not separate.
_	With the truce and the recognition that he would not conquer Denmark, Harald turned his attention to England.
_	However, later events, particularly the recognition that many North American rocks had been pervasively remagnetized in the Paleozoic, showed that a single cleaning step was inadequate, and paleomagnetists began to routinely use stepwise demagnetization to strip away the remanence in small bits.
_	Basic to his investigation is the recognition that "human happiness is conditioned by knowledge and conduct."
_	Many professional poker players desire the recognition that is associated with the bracelet.
_	While it is fair to say that Berkeley IRAM did not achieve the recognition that Berkeley RISC received, the IRAM project was nevertheless influential.
_	A major point of departure in understanding problems in transportation analysis is the recognition that spatial analysis has some limitations associated with the discretization of space.
_	While earlier menotropin medications contained FSH and LH at a 1:1 ratio, the recognition that it is FSH that is critical for follicle stimulation has led to development of newer preparations that contain a much higher FSH/LH ratio, Fertinex being an example.
_	An additional incentive is the recognition that the winning teams receive.
_	Monoblastozoa was granted the title of phylum after the recognition that Mesozoa was too diverse to be a phylum into itself.
_	Although widely read and respected, he never received the recognition that he merited.
_	Out of the recognition that unless adults are sensitised into creating for and with children, the aim of putting children and youth on the public agenda could become a cropper, Lola Kenya Screen 2008 also worked with practising filmmakers in the production of documentaries for children and youth.
_	The Lumières movement thus tried to find a balance between the idea of a "natural" liberty (or autonomy) and the freedom "from" that liberty, that is to say, the recognition that the autonomy found in nature was at odds with the discipline required for pure reason.
_	In contrast to previous methods, however, the constant routine protocol was developed upon the recognition that several key behaviors exhibiting circadian rhythmicity (including sleep-wake cycle, the behavioral cycle, and the food-intake cycle) also act as masking agents of some endogenous rhythms.
_	Questioning the recognition that the FIFA licence held in North America, EA suggested the game be released as Team USA Soccer in North America.
_	The debates that followed the meeting, resulted in a resolution that idealistic pursuit of pacifism could not replace the recognition that the ultimate goal of peace was to allow people to attain their liberation and live freely.
_	Molecular genetic and genomic approaches have led to the recognition that the kinesins form a diverse superfamily of motors that are responsible for multiple intracellular motility events in eukaryotic cells.
_	An alternative view involves the recognition that the notion of unconscious mental processes was commonplace before Freud started writing on the subject.
_	The book classification and differentiation of fevers and the recognition that only certain fevers could be treated by cinchona was of major importance.
_	The Board recognised that any serious attempt would be based on the recognition that the earth rotates through 15° of longitude every hour.
_	Another is to come to the recognition that everything (thoughts, emotions, sensations) can be perceived, and then enquiring, "Can the perceiver itself be perceived?"
_	Born from the recognition that environmental hazards are unequally distributed across the United States (poor and colored communities in close proximity, and richer and white communities safely farther away) the Environmental Justice movement seeks to draw attention to and rectify these harms.
_	Many of Caesar's ultimate assassins were jealous of him, and unsatisfied as to the recognition that they had received from him.
_	It was this premise, and the recognition that skills could not be taught like knowledge, but rather learnt from experience, that was the basis for his training approach.
_	Likewise, the proposal that addictive drugs should be legalized, regulated and opened to "free market dynamics" is immediately belied by the recognition that the drug market for an addict is no longer a free market – it is clear that they will pay any price when needing their drug.
_	Another trait of cognitive semantics is the recognition that meaning is not fixed but a matter of construal and conventionalization.
_	Essentially, Isis makes the recognition that the value of the Luskentyrian cult is in their community values rather than their religious ones.
_	With the purchase of Woodlane’s Rosehill House (built by Robert Were Fox in 1820) in the offing, it had seemed certain that the School would successfully achieve the recognition that it so earnestly sought, but having underestimated the NACAE’s basic requirements for general accommodation, studio space and staffing, and having failed to convince the Council that such a small institution could survive, it was with regret that the School received the news that the NACAE had refused its application.
_	The key to these techniques is the recognition that the drifts of the no-arbitrage evolution of certain variables can be expressed as functions of their volatilities and the correlations among themselves.
_	Another contribution to the study of career development came with the recognition that women's careers show specific personal needs and different development paths from men.
_	This broad discretion rests largely on the recognition that the decision to prosecute is particularly ill-suited to judicial review.
_	Important in the framework of ideas of the Roerich Pact is the recognition that the safety of any foreign cultural object on the territory of a foreign state must be also respected and treated as a factor much higher in significance than military willingness to bomb, destroy or use it for military purposes.
_	That cooperative spirit of users helping one another out — the recognition that "everyone was once a newbie [that is, a new user of the technology]" — informed Diversity University MOO.
_	This award included the recognition that better, more comfortable service for an already intensively-used transit corridor, particularly for low-income residents as in Chinatown, justifies the investment even if it does not attract a high percentage of "new" riders the way a new rapid transit investment might somewhere that is not already served by extremely slow, uncomfortable high-ridership local service.
_	Despite the recognition that the K 17 would not have any anti-aircraft role, most of the heavy and expensive features added to the K 14 in a failed bid to equip it as an AA gun were retained.
_	Due to his lack of formal education, the recognition that he was most proud of was his honorary doctorate of engineering from the University of Canterbury.
_	This is a formulation, which comes from the recognition that life calls us into ever-fresh tasks and that we never approach urgent things already in full knowledge of an outcome.
_	It is the recognition that we are mutual creators of each other and the world around us; that is a reality we cannot avoid, though we can easily fail to see what it involves.
_	The impetus for the program came with the recognition that the undergraduate program simply could not do justice to the Great Books of the three main Asian traditions (India, China and Japan) by trying to squeeze in a few works among so many European masterworks.
_	However, lately there is movement toward the recognition that historical materialism and dialectical materialism remains the fundamental aspect of all Marxist schools of thought, which should result in more agreement between different schools.
_	Other findings in the report include the recognition that students "achieve well" and teachers have "high expectations and aspirations" for their students.
_	It’s the recognition that I, as an organism, am treated differently based on my perceived genitalia and the identity surrounding that relationship".
_	The main benefit from achieving the ISO/IEC 27001 Lead Auditor certification is the recognition that the individual has some skills in the topic.
_	One trend to note is the recognition that women—by instinct and nature—have a unique commitment and capacity to protect the earth’s resources.
_	Clearly there is much work to be done, but I take great joy from the recognition that this work carries forward in classrooms at Wooster and in the scholarship of students and faculty here and, now, around the world.
_	Security convergence is motivated by the recognition that corporate assets are increasingly information-based.
_	His friend K. E. O. Fritsch, editor of the "Deutsche Bauzeiting" and an enormously influential architecture critic, claimed that Lipsius' death might have been hastened by the recognition that his life's work, the Academy, was not going to have the presence he had hoped for; that indeed his critics might have been right all along.
_	The fundamental idea behind the quad-edge structure is the recognition that a single edge, in a closed polygonal mesh topology, sits between exactly two faces and exactly two vertices.
_	However, British researchers in that war identified 25% as being the optimal design for anti-personnel purposes, based on the recognition that far smaller fragments than hitherto would give a better effect.
_	Despite the recognition that Alan Gelfand has received for inventing the ollie air in the transitional context, Mullen is responsible for the invention and development of the flatground ollie that formed the basis for street-style skateboarding.
_	This is largely due to the recognition that capybara molar teeth show strong variation in shape over the life of an individual.
_	The need to formulate general legal principles on equality was defined on the basis of (i) acknowledging the pervasiveness of discrimination and the weaknesses in the protection of the right to equality at both international and national levels, (ii) the absence of comprehensive equality legislation in many countries around the world and the recognition that such legislation is necessary to give effect to states’ obligations under international and regional human rights law; (iii) the disparities and inconsistencies in approaches to discrimination and equality in the different frameworks of the UN, EU, the Council of Europe, various national jurisdictions, etc. which meant that virtually none of the key concepts of equality law had universally accepted definitions; (iv) the fragmentation of the anti-discrimination struggle, whereby different status/identity groups are enmeshed in identity politics and are unable to follow a universal human rights approach to equality and develop solidarity with other disadvantaged groups.
_	Along with the expansion of the symptoms came the recognition that it was a part of many medical conditions, including cerebral palsy and stroke.
_	Reversing his early claim that the Jews had contributed nothing worthwhile to humanity, the older Hegel went as far as to attribute to Judaism one of the most consequential turning points in human history: the recognition that absolute being is Spirit, not a thing or a natural entity, and that Spirit is higher than nature.
_	The outcome proved not so much the defeat of the papal pretensions as the recognition that interdicts and excommunication had lost their force.
_	With the recognition that the Kinsol Trestle would be preserved and rehabilitated, an official community based campaign was created in order to promote the Trestle and to raise the remaining $2 million necessary to complete the Kinsol Trestle.
_	ECI systems, in particular, and Unified Information Access systems in general, attempt to address the growing trend of the recognition that so-called “unstructured content,” such as a series of documents, can be important and can contribute to business development.
_	This popular modern trend which seeks the reality of history—how things really occurred as a neutral statement—ignores the recognition that history is an interpretation of past events.
_	At root, these changes sprang from the recognition that Ms. Deschanel's charms lie not in her quirk but in her empathy and warmth."
_	The fund was established out of the recognition that among the impediments to successful peacebuilding is the scarcity of resources, most notably financial resources.
_	Many times, the evidence that is collected from the physical examinations and testimony of those who were raped is in the possession of numerous law enforcement agencies and may impede the recognition that the rapist has committed the crime over a period of time.
_	The pith and substance doctrine is founded on the recognition that it is in practice impossible for a legislature to exercise its jurisdiction over a matter effectively without incidentally affecting matters within the jurisdiction of another level of government.
_	Both Daniil and Kirill are agitated by the recognition that Andrei receives.
_	This initiative was approved, but did not prosper, due to the rejection that it generated in the public opinion at its core and the recognition that it had already become a time honored tradition.
_	His research career was devoted to the study of developmental dyslexia as a constitutional disorder, likely to be "a form of aphasia", to the recognition that children with dyslexia have special education needs and that there should be a statutory obligation of schools to meet these, and, with his wife Elaine, to the development and evaluation of teaching methods to provide such support.
_	Paul Kurtz in 2009 seemed to share this sentiment and stated that the organization would still research some paranormal subjects as they have expertise in this area, but they would begin to investigate other areas, S.I. '“has reached an historic juncture: the recognition that there is a critical need to change our direction."'
_	The College was motivated by the recognition that the most significant innovations in science and technology today come by combining the expertise of multiple disciplines.
_	However, in a circular economy there is the recognition that nature’s capacity needs to be maximized through the reprocess of biodegradable wastes produced by industries and human activity.
_	Hilary Willmer, a Pace founding member and current trustee, said in respect to a 2012 DfE report: "CROP particularly welcomes the recognition that whole families suffer the devastating consequences of child sexual exploitation and need support.
_	One of the major breakthroughs has been in finally overcoming the reluctance to accept film as history by the recognition that it is not a 'type' of history, but rather that cinema makes use of its own cinematic techniques in order to narrate its history, proposing not a challenge to historical records but simply an alternative way of narrating them.
_	His starting point is the recognition that when a judgment of beauty is made there is something about the object that is thought to be beautiful.
_	Many of Caesar's ultimate assassins were envious of him, and dissatisfied with the recognition that they had received from him.
_	It arose out of the recognition that up to 2002, States and Territory maternity lobby groups had worked independently for change, but until they were united in seeking the same outcomes, the Federal and State Governments would not change funding methods.
_	This act of symbolic regicide thus exemplifies the truth of every iconoclastic gesture, – the recognition that every contestation of power starts with the destruction of the images through which its authority continues to be exercised and reproduced, – and thereby indicates the limits of sovereign power.-
_	Pasupathi sees the immediate easy profit, as well as the long term benefit (to control the cocaine market with such a large supply) and the recognition that they are able to pull off such a deal.
_	The text refers to the recognition that this site was assigned on April 27, the day of his birthday, declaring him the jazz musician of the day…
_	Normalization rationales is the recognition that status offenses are normal behaviors present in the youth population.
_	For me, the starting point is the recognition that democracy should begin with Pericles's definition – that society is for the benefit of the majority – and should not be imposed from outside."
_	The expression reflects the recognition that the jet engine had effected, or would soon, a profound change in aeronautics and aviation.
_	The LPV subgroup arose out of the recognition that standardized approaches to global product validation were essential for wide acceptance and use of science-quality products.
_	Gray also noted that Mathews was "exceedingly sensitive, and almost morbidly afraid of appearing to put himself forward in any way, so that he hardly received the recognition that was due him."
_	The Rooftop Garden Project, in Montreal, is built on the recognition that communities all over the world face many similar challenges including food security, climate change, and difficult inner-city living conditions.
_	In a review of "The Ghosts of" "Blood and Innocence", Constantine is recognized for her intelligent, comprehensive understanding of magic and the arcane arts despite the recognition that the lack of female characters and "gay" sex might be a turn off for most people even though the characters are past human gender norms.
_	Newspaper accounts appearing on 25 June 26 June, 25 August and 27 September 1934 outlined to the public the unfolding story of the recognition that what Caxton had published in 1485 was not necessarily exactly what Malory had written.
_	Warman held over 100 patents, but the recognition that he truly deserved eluded him, and some say that it was because of his quest for perfection.
_	This discovery, along with the recognition that this compound could be manufactured locally, saved Australian sheep farmers millions of dollars.
_	Further evaluation in Rome allowed for Pope Paul VI to proclaim Moreau as being Venerable upon the recognition that the late bishop had lived a model life of heroic virtue.
_	The survey was prompted by the recognition that the university held a large amount of time-based media in danger of deterioration and playback obsolescence.
_	Here the greatest sacrifice: the recognition that he owes everything, even Estella, to Magwitch; his new debt becomes his greatest freedom.
_	There is also the recognition that disability is both a form of individuation and group identification.
_	That awakened the recognition that a similar event could endanger hundreds of thousands of people living atop the ancient mudflows.
_	David W. Orr has stated that the goal of ecological literacy is “built on the recognition that the disorder of ecosystems reflects a prior disorder of mind, making it a central concern to those institutions that purport to improve minds.
_	A major breakthrough came with the recognition that in such low visibility the very limited visual information available (lights and so on) was extraordinarily easy to misinterpret, especially when the requirement to assess it was combined with a requirement to simultaneously fly the aircraft on instruments.
_	She was one of the main advocates for the recognition that same-sex partners are legally able to make healthcare decisions for each other, and New Mexico became the first state to add that provision in state law.
_	For me, the starting point is the recognition that democracy should begin with Pericles's definition – that society is for the benefit of the majority – and should not be imposed from outside."
_	IISD hosts the Secretariat for the NAP Global Network, which was initiated by adaptation policy-makers and practitioners from 11 developing and developed countries in December 2014, based on the recognition that the NAP process will require sustained dialogue and coordination to leverage and learn from each other’s approaches, experiences and programs.
_	The Native Tree Society is compiling basic ring counts for many of these species in order to better understand the age structure of the forests they are investigating, with the recognition that ring counts ages may be off due to missing or false rings.
_	Pilot testing, or conducting a pilot experiment, involves a small-scale trial of instruments and procedures prior to the actual experiment, allowing for the recognition that adjustments should be made for the most efficient and accurate data collection.
_	However, it was only a small step from this to the recognition that generally an agreement would give an action, but there were a few exceptions.
_	Anderson did not inform Arthur of his importance in the development of the character, concerned that the waiter would dislike the recognition that such information might bring if it were to become publicly known.
_	After learning that he had won the Nobel Prize, Thaler said that his most important contribution to economics "was the recognition that economic agents are human, and that economic models have to incorporate that."
_	Poverty also influences the personal life choices of those living in rural areas as they develop coping methods to face daily challenges which affect health as which creates the recognition that personal life “choices” are greatly influenced by the financial circumstance that people live with.
_	In balance with these commonalities was the recognition that a wide range of cultural diversity could exist in other areas of life, such as home languages, religious beliefs and practices, patterns of family life, music, art and architecture, food and festivities, sports and leisure pursuits.
_	The charge that this branch of rhetoric lacks depth can be countered by the recognition that it systematizes the successful attribution of value (to things, people, or concepts).
_	In the aftermath of the financial crisis, there surfaced the recognition that quantitative valuation methods were generally too narrow in their approach.
_	Scenario planning may involve aspects of systems thinking, specifically the recognition that many factors may combine in complex ways to create sometime surprising futures (due to non-linear feedback loops).
_	This view has now been overturned after the recognition that Pitcairnioideae as originally circumscribed more than a century ago represents several morphologically similar but independently derived groups that share only ancestral (plesiomorphic) characters, not true synapomorphies (shared derived characters).
_	Being able to use a graphing calculator to solve a quadratic equation requires the ability to produce a graph of , the ability to scale the graph appropriately to the dimensions of the graphing surface, and the recognition that when , is a solution to the equation.
_	The present understanding of pain in babies is largely due to the recognition that the fetal and newborn unmyelinated nerve fibres are capable of relaying information, albeit slower than would be the case with myelinated fibres.
_	The second stage was the recognition that watchmen could not be sustained without a major shift in the way local services were financed.
_	In 1995, with the recognition that INH resistance was increasing, the British Thoracic Society recommended adding EMB or STM to the regimen: 2HREZ/4HR or 2SHRZ/4HR, which are the regimens currently recommended.
_	However, he never obtained the recognition that he had in the earlier years of his career.
_	Despite that he was not credited as the songwriter on the record, he took advantage of the recognition that the song granted him, and moved to Nashville in 1960.
_	At base, the application of double-entry bookkeeping conventions to the problems of measuring aggregate economic activity derives from the recognition that every purchase is also a sale, every payment made is also income received, and every act of lending also an act of borrowing.
_	From their inception, the federal patent laws have embodied a careful balance between the need to promote innovation and the recognition that imitation and refinement through imitation are both necessary to invention itself, and the very lifeblood of a competitive economy.
_	She suggests that there are "many maps, many windows," arguing that "we need "scientific pluralism"—the recognition that there are many independent forms and sources of knowledge—rather than reductivism, the conviction that one fundamental form underlies them all and settles everything."
_	In addition, key contributions of "Our Common Future" to the concept of sustainable development include the recognition that the many crises facing the planet are "interlocking crises" that are elements of a single crisis of the whole and of the vital need for the active participation of all sectors of society in consultation and decisions relating to sustainable development.
_	He said the Pope was particularly pleased at the promised destruction of Bolshevism and that Pius XI had agreed to the treaty "in the recognition that the new Germany had fought a decisive battle against Bolshevism and the atheist movement."
_	The type specimens of "I. emarginuloides" (Philippi, 1868) and "I. coppingeri" (E.A. Smith, 1881) are very similar in morphology, and were collected only apart; as long ago as 1908 this led to the recognition that they were probably the same species.
_	Stalin's increasing tolerance of anti-Semitism may have stemmed from his increasing Russian nationalism or from the recognition that anti-Semitism had proved a useful mobilising tool for Hitler and that he could do the same; he may have increasingly viewed the Jewish people as a "counter-revolutionary" nation whose members were loyal to the U.S.
_	But our understanding today must go beyond the recognition that ‘liberty lies in (our) hearts’ to the further recognition that only citizens with knowledge about the content and meaning of our constitutional guarantees of liberty are likely to cherish those concepts."
_	This recommendation stems not only from the shifting definition of who is a parent because of health, demographic and economic changes in society, but also the recognition that the immediate context of a young child consists of several key individuals who constitute a family.
_	Pakistan accepted the collaboration with JKLF only as a "necessary compromise," because of the recognition that Islamist groups had very little currency in the Kashmir Valley.
_	Sumner's work was the first demonstration that a protein can function as an enzyme and led eventually to the recognition that most enzymes are in fact proteins.
_	One of his sons, Mitsuo Momota, followed his father into the ring in 1970 and still works as a freelancer, but was never able to earn the recognition that once made his father famous, despite winning the World Junior Heavyweight Championship in 1989.
_	Combining microbiological experiments with physical principles of self-organization and advanced modeling, Ben-Jacob advanced the recognition that bacteria are smart cooperative organisms that employ advanced communication to lead intricate social lives in large and complex colonies.
_	This is in part due to the recognition that knowledge, like value and goodness, can be seen as a normative concept.
_	implicitly united in the recognition that narrative theory requires a distinction between "story," a sequence of actions or events conceived as independent of their manifestation in discourse, and "discourse," the discursive presentation or narration of events.
_	As she points out, a theology which makes no such claim to a particular revelation, in which God is rather conceived as everywhere and at all times available, while expanding a secular Enlightenment paradigm as to what is possible does not contravene the recognition that nature and history form a (non-determinative) causal nexus.
_	"If our laws and self-image of our role as military professionals do not allow for [the recognition that the real enemy may be within] we need to change them."
_	The main supporters of EOKA B were Pro Enosis supporters who won 7 seats in the previous election, old EOKA fighters who felt they never received the recognition that they deserved after the revolt, right wing military personnel and some pro-enosis elements of the Church of Cyprus.
_	Understanding women as a "series", rather than a "group", entails the recognition that the category "woman" is not defined by any common biological or psychological characteristics; rather, individuals are positioned as "woman" by a set of material and immaterial social constructs that are the product of previous human actions.
_	Membership in the Church is loosely defined but is based on assent to three principles: holding the psychedelic substances as sacraments, claiming their use as a basic human right, and defining enlightenment as "the recognition that life is a dream and the externality of relations an illusion (solipsistic nihilism)".
_	The National Litigation Policy is based on the recognition that government and its various agencies are the predominant litigants in courts and tribunals in the country.
_	This policy is also based on the recognition that it is the responsibility of the government to protect the rights of citizens, to respect fundamental rights and those in charge of the conduct of government litigation should never forget this basic principle.
_	The criterion of familiar functionality supposes the recognition that there can exist, and in fact there are, better and worse families.
_	The poet Galway Kinnell once said of the magazine, "The New York Quarterly serves an invaluable function — and that is finding and publishing wonderful talents — such as Franz Douskey, Antler, Pennant, Lifshin, Inez, Moriarty — who may not have the recognition that their work so richly deserves."
_	People and their needs are put at the center and, with the recognition that the values and beliefs of people both shape and are shaped by their experiences of organizational life, comes an interest in areas such as organizational culture, leadership and management.
_	A key insight that drives this outcome is the recognition that most middle managers regardless of cultural background want to commit to something and belong to something that is more than who they are as individuals.
_	The initial move to PSS was largely motivated by the need on the part of traditionally oriented manufacturing firms to cope with changing market forces and the recognition that services in combination with products could provide higher profits than products alone.
_	So does the recognition that the "constitution and statutes of the State of Hawaii ... acknowledge the distinct land rights of the Native Hawaiian people as beneficiaries of the public lands trust ... [and] reaffirm and protect the unique right of the Native Hawaiian people to practice and perpetuate their cultural and religious customs, beliefs, practices, and language" (42 U.S.C. § 11701 (3) as quoted in Res. Br. 11).
_	While initial efforts to improve stoves were limited in success, current efforts are more successful due to the recognition that sustainable domestic energy resources are "central to reducing poverty and hunger, improving health…and improving the lives of women and children"
_	This comparison, plus the recognition that by the definition of the co-rotating frame at time "t" it has a rate of rotation Ω = "dφ"/"dt", shows that we can interpret the terms in the acceleration (multiplied by the mass of the particle) as found in the inertial frame as the negative of the centrifugal and Coriolis forces that would be seen in the instantaneous, non-inertial co-rotating frame.
_	The experience and recovery period led her to the recognition that "the body is a homeland" of stored memory and pain.
_	Although the mention of Ninus as having founded Assyria is inaccurate, as is the claim that Semiramis was his wife, the salient point in Strabo's statement is the recognition that the Greek term Syria historically meant Assyria.
_	And on Friday night he was at the Savoy, where he demonstrated with an almost insolent ease that he is still ready for the recognition that should have been his several years ago.
_	It includes the recognition that nature is not benign or hostile, it is itself, obeying no human laws...
_	Born of the recognition that the acceptance of technology in the modern world has hidden the extent to which populations are becoming reliant upon, and over-attached to, digital devices 'digital addict' offers a collective term to recognise the increasing amount of time dedicated to using internet or digital devices in contemporary society.
_	Page had ambitions to design aircraft, but it was not a dream of the marvels of flight that motivated him, instead it was the recognition that aircraft design was the most rapidly advancing of
_	The standard arises out of the recognition that the exclusive right to make copies of a work would be meaningless if copyright infringement were limited to making only exact and complete reproductions of a work.
_	Later Egyptian sails dating to 2400 BCE were built with the recognition that ships could sail against the wind using the lift of the sails.
_	It brings digital tools and methods to the study of the humanities with the recognition that the printed word is no longer the main medium for knowledge production and distribution.
_	It was ante up, we've been in this game too long you guys see how we demolish the stage, how we make short work of the main major artists when we get on their records and you still won't give us the props and the recognition that we deserve."
_	When in 2011 the CBF recognized as Brazilian co-champion Flamengo in 1987, presented the justification that "the decision, made after new and convincing arguments presented by the legal department of Flamengo, the recognition that in 1987 there were two national championships, which had Sport and Flamengo as champions ".
_	Turkish government drew up a master plan for 2007- 2009 based on the recognition that uncontrolled and unsafe waste disposal is an integral part of daily life in Turkey and poses a serious risk to the environment and to the health of the country's 70 million inhabitants.
_	It is not as overtly sectarian as either Vashnavism or Saivism and is based on the recognition that Brahman (God) is the highest principle in the universe and pervades all of existence.
_	Although Bhikkhu Bodhi states that the Buddha taught "the path to the supreme goal of the holy life is made known only in his own teaching", Buddhists have nevertheless shown significant tolerance for other religions: "Buddhist tolerance springs from the recognition that the dispositions and spiritual needs of human beings are too vastly diverse to be encompassed by any single teaching, and thus that these needs will naturally find expression in a wide variety of religious forms."
_	Widespread disagreement among the German delegates precluded the drawing up of a compensation plan but two important results were nevertheless achieved during the first months of the congress: the official recognition of the loss of the entire left bank to France, and the recognition that any compensation plan should be based on the secularization of the ecclesiastical states of the Empire.
_	The discovery of EPE led to the recognition that even with good intentions for participatory democracy, people cannot collectively take effective actions unless they change the paradigm for languaging and voting.
_	One theory is that the human lipase enzyme works only on the cis configuration and cannot metabolize a trans fat although this theory has been overturned by the recognition that trans fat is metabolized but competitively inhibits the metabolism of other fatty acids.
_	In his Ph.D. dissertation (1974), he pointed out that (1) a fruitful way of understanding 18th-century European music follows from the recognition that the composers of that era inhabited a special, abstract, communally shared harmonic space (nowadays sometimes called modulatory space) that existed independently of individual works; (2) that the internal features of this space underwent evolutionary change in the course of the 18th century; (3) that a graphic depiction of this space could be used as a map to trace the various routes composers used to navigate about in their cosmos, and that their designs for these routes constitute an important aspect of the effect and beauty of their large-scale works; and (4) that in the later 18th century, for reasons arising out of the geometry of key-relations employed by composers, their abstract background space took the form of a torus (donut).
_	In chemistry, there is a tendency to refer to orbits of vertices or edges as “kinds” of vertices or edges, with the recognition that from any two vertices or any two edges (similarly oriented) of the same orbit, the geometric graph “looks the same”.
_	The StG 44 was the first successful and widely produced design to use a new shorter cartridge, which permitted controllable automatic fire from a weapon more compact than a battle rifle, coupled with the recognition that most aimed rifle fire in combat situations did not exceed a few hundred metres.
_	These were chiefly, the recognition that the emergency extended into the post-war phase; the need for national unity to face the challenges of the economy and demobilization after the war; the need for unity to enforce the post-war international settlement agreed at the Paris Peace Conference and the moves to find a solution to the question of Home Rule for Ireland.
_	During 1191 the citizens of the city of London managed to acquire from Coutances and Prince John the recognition that the city was self-governing, something they had been attempting to secure for a number of years.
_	In the foreword to "Creation, Evolution, & Modern Science" (2000) Johnson writes "The intelligent design movement starts with the recognition that 'In the beginning was the Word,' and 'In the beginning God created.'
_	I think that where there's the most promise of building stronger U.S.-Turkish relations is in the recognition that Turkey and the United States can build a model partnership in which a predominantly Christian nation, a predominantly Muslim nation -- a Western nation and a nation that straddles two continents," he continued, "that we can create a modern international community that is respectful, that is secure, that is prosperous, that there are not tensions -- inevitable tensions between cultures -- which I think is extraordinarily important."
_	An independent investigation carried out by Professor Brian Spratt found that due to the recognition that infected material could survive the initial citric acid disinfection stage within the Merial plant, the effluent system up to the final caustic soda treatment plant was considered by Defra inspectors to be within the scope of Category 4 containment, yet it appeared not to have been subject to regular inspection and there was evidence of leakage both from broken pipework and via unsealed, overflowing manholes –
_	It should be noted that at the beginning of this work, despite the recognition that there were incident or field level shortfalls in organization and terminology, there was no mention of the need to develop an on the ground incident management system like ICS.
_	Years later, V. Strang, D.C. illustrated several neurological explanations including the recognition that sympathetic nerves arising in the lateral horns of the upper thoracic levels of the spine form the upper cervical ganglion with postganglionic fibers ascending to supply, among other things, blood vessels of the brain, but still with no connection to hearing.
_	The cantors were generally admired, with the recognition that they sang with great devotion, spiritual power, and a proud exuberance.""
_	Paul Gauguin's exhibit at Les XX in 1889 was the first important display of Paul Gauguin's works, and added to the recognition that he had begun to receive in 1888.
_	Another outcome of the 2010 conference was the recognition that mining had to lift its profile nationally and to advertise better its record on "job creation, relations with indigenous people and its environmental record".
_	But that the most incensed objections would come from those who from the beginning were the spokesmen of historicization-this was no less surprising then the recognition that yesterday's enlighteners are today's intolerant mythologues, people who want to forbid questions from being posed"
_	The asymmetric hydrogenation of 2,3,5-substituted pyrroles was achieved by the recognition that such substrates bear the same substitution pattern as 2-substituted indoles, and an asymmetric hydrogenation system that is effective for one of these substrates might be effective for both.
_	It is based on underlying principles of a commitment to good governance, democracy, human rights and conflict resolution; and the recognition that maintenance of these standards is fundamental to the creation of an environment conducive to investment and long-term economic growth.
_	The science that gave rise to this phenomenal business opportunity – and earned the 2007 Nobel Prize for Physics – was the recognition that electrical carriers are characterized by both charge and spin.
_	The next set of experiments, reported in 2005, made use of a larger environment, which led to the recognition that the cells were actually firing in a hexagonal grid pattern.
_	But this critical reputation has softened somewhat, with the recognition that the Monkees were neither the first manufactured group nor unusual in this respect.
_	It is the site of the discoveries which first led to the recognition that glaciation had once reached southern England.
_	The first reports of CTP came simultaneously from the labs of Yokozawa and McCullough in 2004, with the recognition that polythiophene can be synthesized with low dispersity and control over molecular weight when a grignard thiophene monomer was polymerized with Nickel(1,2-bis(diphenylphosphino)ethane)dichloride.
_	Despite that he was not credited as the songwriter on the record, he took advantage of the recognition that the song granted him, and moved to Nashville in 1960.
_	This tool grew out of the recognition that families are becoming increasingly culturally diverse and social workers must be able to understand cultural differences between and within families.
_	The University is not motivated by money but by the desire to recruit the best students and by the recognition that if it is to act fairly and avoid missing out on some of the most able people, it must have regard to factors in addition to predicted A-level grades.
_	This is largely due to the recognition that capybara molar teeth show strong variation in shape over the life of an individual.
_	Beyond that, there is the recognition that as Jewish women, it is hard for many to claim direction over the bodies given how much of halakhah takes this agency away from women.
_	"Mean Spirit"'s is the recognition that Native Americans culture relies on the survival of the natural world and can easily be corrupted by greed and obsessions to material gains.
_	This project stems from the recognition that outdoor sculpture is by nature particularly prone to damage but that research in this area was lacking.
_	Condorcet's whole plea for gender equality is founded on the recognition that the attribution of rights and authority comes from the false assumption that men possess reason and women do not.
_	'They don't get the recognition that they deserve' – Gareth McLean on TV blog, "The Guardian"
_	As health-related behaviors, such as smoking and alcohol abuse, increased or became more resistant to change, so did the recognition that these behaviors are influenced by factors such as the media, politics, and businesses, which are outside the direct control of the individuals.
_	With the recognition that 2002–03 would be Jordan's final season, tributes were paid to him throughout the NBA.
_	Because of this and the carrying capacity reduction due to habitat destruction has resulted in the recognition that the Japanese black bear is at a high risk of extinction.
_	"Contemptus mundi" is the name given to the recognition that the world, in all its vanity, is nothing more than a futile attempt to hide from God by stifling our desire for the good and the holy.
_	It is not as overtly sectarian as either Vashnavism or Shaivism and is based on the recognition that Brahman (God) is the highest principle in the universe and pervades all of existence.
_	An innovation from Keynes was the concept of price stickiness – the recognition that in reality workers often refuse to lower their wage demands even in cases where a classical economist might argue it is rational for them to do so.
_	An opinion piece in the magazine "West Africa" said the book deserved to win the Booker Prize, and that Achebe was "a writer who has long deserved the recognition that has already been accorded him by his sales figures."
_	The exclusion was the recognition that the Spur group's "principles, methods and goals" were significantly in contrast with those of the SI.
_	To provide two hot meals a day to all pupils in the recognition that sufficient nutrition is necessary for the health, welfare and learning ability of the children.
_	Church teaching on the marital state requires spousal acceptance of each other's failures and faults, and the recognition that the "call to holiness in marriage" is one that requires a process of spiritual growth and conversion that can last throughout life.
_	This perspective is grounded in the recognition that values have to be overtly taken into account in a realistic systems paradigm, contrary to the mechanism that is still widely used in modelling the behavior of natural systems.
_	The field of mineral physics was not named until the 1960s, but its origins date back at least to the early 20th century and the recognition that the outer core is fluid because seismic work by Oldham and Gutenberg showed that it did not allow shear waves to propagate.
_	The city laid claim that they were the Video Game Capital of the World in 1982, following the recognition that Twin Galaxies had received for being the authoritative source for high scores in arcade games, a point that had not been challenged since.
_	This discovery caused the recognition that argon could form weakly bound compounds, even though it was not the first.
_	The basis of the method is the recognition that the structure of any system, the many circular, interlocking, sometimes time-delayed relationships among its components, is often just as important in determining its behavior as the individual components themselves.
_	Community organising starts with the recognition that change can only come about when communities come together to compel public authorities and businesses to respond to the needs of ordinary people.
_	He believes that "as many people as possible need to see art and talk about it" because it "always brings... value" to "the cultural sphere"; he uses CC as a "tactic for the most effective art work, and with the recognition that this will only bring more value — both culturally and monetarily — to [his] work more generally, whether it's for sale or not."
_	Amongst those changes were the recognition that adult members of society could return to college and receive college level credit for equivalent work experiences.
_	Church teaching on the marital state requires spousal acceptance of each other's failures and faults and the recognition that the "call to holiness in marriage" is one that requires a process of spiritual growth and conversion that can last throughout life.
_	Following the recognition that solo diving does occur, is acceptably safe to many divers, and is a relatively common practice, Scuba Diving International (SDI) started Solo diving training and certification in 1999.
_	The court held further that the unrestricted meaning of a "private person" contended for by Singh was inconsistent with the recognition that private prosecutions were unusual; it was also a departure from the basic law that criminal prosecutions must be conducted by a public prosecutor.
_	The recognition that the patients in the United States had erythema migrans led to the recognition that "Lyme arthritis" was one manifestation of the same tick-borne disease known in Europe.
_	Services marketing emerged as a separate field of study in the early 1980s, following the recognition that the unique characteristics of services required different strategies compared with the marketing of physical goods.
_	A scientific study will include the recognition that a representation of the visual word is embodied in the state of the organism's nervous system at the time the illusion is experienced.
_	Research by the RCI is also driven by population projections for cities in the future and the recognition that urban population growth will create both problems and opportunities for cities.
_	The tie against Benfica in the European Cup in 1965 remained memorable for the Eusébio versus Georgi Asparuhov clash, and the recognition that the Portuguese great gave to his Bulgarian counterpart.
_	By the mid-1850s, Corot's increasingly impressionistic style began to get the recognition that fixed his place in French art.
_	Pakistan accepted the collaboration with JKLF only as a "necessary compromise," because of the recognition that Islamist groups had very little currency in the Kashmir Valley.
_	"Recently, a surge of interest by pediatricians on the identification and care of children with mental health problems has resulted from the recognition that:
_	The Suwałki cold anomaly in Poland has led to the recognition that similar thermal disturbances related to Pleistocene-Holocene climatic changes are recorded in boreholes throughout Poland, as well as in Alaska, northern Canada, and Siberia.
_	Due to the recognition that he received, Pierneef realised that he was setting the trend for a unique South African style.
_	Alongside this has come increasing awareness of the linguistic abilities of the great apes and the recognition that they are tool-makers and have individuality
_	When he was finally officially recognised in his title of Earl of Arundel in 1433, this was based on the recognition that the title went with the possession of Arundel Castle.
_	This argument, elaborated in particular by the biologist Stuart Newman, is based on the recognition that cloning and germline genetic engineering of animals are error-prone and inherently disruptive of embryonic development.
_	It is notable that artistic sentiment has by now moved against the ant with the recognition that improvidence is not always the only cause of poverty.
_	He also states that Part 2 (Cross-Pollination) is “a desperate hope that sending astronauts to find and populate other planets will be successful alongside the recognition that this is the last hope”.
_	It stems from the recognition that while technical strategies are necessary, they are not sufficient in alleviating gender disparities in health unless the gender discrimination, bias and inequality that in organizational structures of governments and organizations – including health systems - are being challenged and addressed.
_	In 2017, Augusta University awarded Dugan with their graduate school's outstanding research award for the recognition that his research brought to the university.
_	More recently, however, there has been the recognition that it is the Mercia Mudstone Group which is seen to thicken markedly into faults imaged on seismic data rather than the Sherwood Sandstone Group.
_	The Alliance has the primary objective of bringing Kenyans together, with the recognition that being united, they stand a better chance of successfully tackling the political, social and economic challenges they face.
_	The major contributions from this work were: (1) the recognition that the presence of banded iron formations is consistent with such a global glacial episode, and (2) the introduction of a mechanism by which to escape from a completely ice-covered Earth—specifically, the accumulation of from volcanic outgassing leading to an ultra-greenhouse effect.
_	This is both because of the blurring of distinctions between "high" and "low" forms, and because of the recognition that cinema represented the creation of simulacra which was later duplicated in the other arts.
_	Kelley has used the term "Open Objectivism" for a version of Objectivism that involves "a commitment to reasoned, non-dogmatic discussion and debate," "the recognition that Objectivism is open to expansion, refinement, and revision," and "a policy of benevolence toward others, including fellow-travelers and critics."
_	Although the positions were abolished in the post-revolutionary Soviet Union, the recognition that higher-ranking officers required assistance soon fostered an unofficial reintroduction of the role through secondment of an NCO to the officer's staff, usually also as the driver, which also at one stage became their unofficial role and title as many officers often "lived" out of their vehicles.
_	"Artemia" found favor as a model organism for use in toxicological assays, despite the recognition that it is too robust an organism to be a sensitive indicator species.
_	One of Schacht's major contributions to the history of early Islam is the recognition that Hadith probably stems from those in whom the different traditions of the past converge, and this convergence Schacht describes as "common link".
_	Although the mention of Ninus as having founded Assyria is inaccurate, as is the claim that Semiramis was his wife, the salient point in Strabo's statement is the recognition that the Greek term Syria historically meant Assyria.
_	The text refers to the recognition that the team of this site is handed on April 27, the day of his 87th birthday, when he declared jazz musician of the day.
_	With the passage of time there came the recognition that not only Chabad was doing this work but that many other rabbis and volunteers from all branches of the Orthodox, Haredi, and Hasidic world were involved in the same kind of "outreach" kiruv work.
_	Another milestone towards the development or organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs) was the recognition that also conjugated polymers can be used as active materials.
_	Our charitable human nature may empathize with everyone's plight, but the recognition that much of its dismal sensibility is far too calculating and predestined is certainly disconcerting" but ultimately praised the cast performance by saying that "Hellion", however, does possess strong characteristics in the form of performances—the teenager Josh Wiggins is definitely a stand-out that people will be talking about post-festival, and Juliette Lewis and the boys, Deke Garner, Jonny Mars and Walt Roberts, all deliver authentically convincing turns."
_	Following that incident and the recognition that the very short accurate range generally achievable with any pistol even under ideal conditions was a factor in not returning fire in that incident, NISGS CSOs were quickly re-armed with the L85A2 Individual Weapon.
_	Criticisms also have been leveled against the idea of "infantile sexuality" (the recognition that children between ages two and six imagine things about procreation).
_	Also, the station played a role in giving many artists the recognition that they did not have at the time, including The Doors, Jimi Hendrix, Cream, Iron Butterfly, and The J. Geils Band.
_	With the recognition that the football team had outgrown the campus facility and with popular support to play the entire home schedule in Eugene, Oregon athletic director Leo Harris led a campaign to build a new stadium on that the school had acquired for the purpose in the 1950s on his recommendation.
_	Being the driving force behind its development, the recognition that the Commonwealth Games brought to the Sports Journalists Association helped SJA to become known in the sport of Rugby.
_	The Convention allows for the recognition that children in different environments and cultures, and faced with diverse life experiences, will acquire competencies at different ages.
_	Tanox took a position that because the original clause concerning its right to develop a left-over candidate was not explicitly removed in the tripartite agreement, it should still have a right to do so with the recognition that its corporate partners, Novartis and Genentech, would still command right of first refusal on the product Tanox developed.
_	Amnesia was considered to impair memory globally, with the recognition that an exception should be made for motor skills.
_	Rosalind Ridley was involved in early work on transmissible spongiform encephalopathy (subsequently known as prion disease), particularly in the recognition that individual cases of human prion disease could be sporadic, familial or acquired and that familial cases were associated with mutations in the prion protein gene.
_	The ELP was born out of the recognition that a platform was needed for language speakers, learners and advocates to share and access relevant information and resources.
_	The clarification that he was not the husband of Maud, daughter of William de Essetesford (Ashford), as suggested in some sources, is owing to the recognition that the manor of "Stokton" (Great Staughton, Huntingdonshire) was in the possession of Nicholas (and of William Herengod) as a parcel of his inheritance through Joan de Auberville, and not by a previous marriage.
_	By the late 1990s ongoing population growth and high levels of car use were leading to the recognition that traffic congestion was one of Auckland's biggest problems.
_	The main distinction between the univalent foundations and the foundations envisioned by Makkai is the recognition that the "higher dimensional analogs of sets" correspond to infinity groupoids and that categories should be considered as higher-dimensional analogs of partially ordered sets.
_	Lajos Szabó came to the recognition that signs, inspired by letters and replacing them, are the direct manifestations of the soul."
