_	"Possibly the reflection that the quality of mercy is not strained, sir.""You mean it droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven?""Precisely, sir.
_	We mourn with his bereaved family, but we console them with the reflection that his long and honorable career leaves behind him for them a brilliant record of distinguished service of which they and the whole country may well be proud.
_	"Maya" is responsible for the reflected being of Ishvara and "Avidya" for the reflection that is the "Jiva".
_	The disappointment of that hope has, I assure you, my dear friends, caused me more genuine grief than any occurrence of my life, and that grief is increased by the reflection that I did so little for the Parish or Ramoan.
_	Therefore it rejects the reflection that wants to point out that everything could be otherwise; it views world-history in such a way that there is no question of an Either/Or. Soren Kierkegaard, "Either/Or Vol. II" Hong p. 174
_	In the final, human age, the reflection that enables popular democracy requires appeals to any and all topics to achieve a common, rational law that is universally applicable.
_	The legend concludes with the reflection that, on certain nights, the enchanted statue appears in the Castle.
_	The first quarrel takes place between the couple, and Vulcain hearing it, consoles himself with the reflection that he is not the only one to whom a fickle wife causes sorrow.
_	If he will take a philosophical view of the situation he can console himself with the reflection that this may not be an unmixed evil, for as his blood becomes thinner and cooler it may have the effect of moderating the ardor of his affections for another man's wife and of assisting him in subduing his passions and keeping them within due bounds, which all good citizens should do.
_	Starting out from these premises, the present Barcelona Metropolis aspires to offer a space for the reflection that this life in common carries with it.
_	It was said that he prided himself on the reflection that he was never called upon to perform in an after-piece, or to pass through a trapdoor in any entrance or exit on the stage.
_	Whereas Padmapada in his "Pancapadika" and Prakasatman in his "Pancapadikavivarna" hold that "Ishvara" and "Jiva" as reflections of pure consciousness, the reflection that "avidya" ('nescience') superimposed on Brahman receives, that the reflected image is as real as the prototype, Sarvajnatman in his "Samksepasariraka" states that Pure Consciousness reflected in nescience is "Ishvara" and the same pure consciousness reflected in the inner sense is the "Jiva" on which account "Ishvara", as a reflected image, is subject to the defects of "avidya" in as much as when characterized by nescience the self is construed as a witness; when identified with the intellect, it is taken to be the knower.
_	I despise and hate myself every hour for engaging in such dirty work, and am supported only by the reflection that without an Union the British Empire must be dissolved."
_	According to reports at the time, his last words were, "My last moments are sweetened by the reflection that for every man you murder this day Mosby will take a tenfold vengeance."
_	Passing a room where "many youths were engaged in mirthful danceing [sic]", he writes, "I was struck with the reflection that all these thoughtless youths must soon appear before the judge of all" (March 10).
_	Alasdair Stuart of Bleeding Cool commented it "builds on this idea of the reflection that you know is fake but can't look away from and internalizes it".
_	The fable was told as “The horse seeking vengeance on the stag ("Le cheval s'étant voulu venger du cerf") in La Fontaine's Fables and ends on the reflection that without personal liberty all other purchases are valueless:
_	In the piece, Orwell also seeks to illustrate the reflection that children live "in a sort of alien under-water world which we can only penetrate by memory or divination," and he wonders whether even in more modern times, without "God, Latin, the cane, class distinctions and sexual taboos," it might still be normal for schoolchildren to "live for years amid irrational terrors and lunatic misunderstandings."
_	However, he goes on to write that,"'Dombey and Son" is a novel which in its beginning promises more than its progress fulfils' and gives the following reasons why:Impossible to avoid the reflection that the death of Dombey's son and heir marks the end of a complete story, that we feel a gap between Chapter XVI and what comes after (the author speaks of feeling it himself, of his striving to "transfer the interest to Florence") and that the narrative of the later part is ill-constructed, often wearisome, sometimes incredible.
_	La Fontaine had no such proverb in French to which to appeal and ends on the reflection that one possession is better than two promises ("Un 'tiens' vaut mieux que deux 'tu l'auras"').
_	The early Latin version of Phaedrus begins with the reflection that "Partnership with the mighty is never trustworthy".
_	Soon afterwards the pig is slaughtered for a marriage feast and the ox finds comfort in the reflection that a simpler diet is at least a guarantee of survival.
_	This fecund period in Paris marks the beginning of the reflection that was to become the "Logique de la philosophie".
_	Arthur again praises at length Cai's prowess in battle, only to interrupt himself with the reflection that
_	He then tells the reflection that he'll never lie again, and the reflection disappears.
_	I despise and hate myself every hour for engaging in such dirty work, and am supported only by the reflection that without an Union the British Empire must be dissolved."
_	Considered in the case were memos written by Kaleidescape's founders, including the reflection that enabling consumers to make permanent backups of DVDs would become "a value--loss proposition for content owners and rental businesses because there is no repeat business ever if everyone were to own [home video library] product.
_	This book makes you understand the act of seeing and the reflection that might lead to a photograph in a whole new way.
_	The story concludes with the reflection that tastes differ.
