_	This is the very first time in the history of the Innocence Project where the attorney general and two local prosecutors joined us in seeking an exoneration, yet it nevertheless took nine months, two trips to the Court of Appeals and six judges to ensure the relief that was obvious to everyone.
_	The defendants argued that they had cancelled the objectionable patent licenses and they moved for the entry of consent decrees that, they alleged, would include all the relief that the Government requested in the complaint with respect to the remaining issues.
_	In the high court, Pretorius AJ agreed and granted her the relief that she had sought.
_	Bad luck for Sato but the relief that it wasn't his teammate was palpable.
_	The development of naval power allowed Robert to successfully defeat English attempts to capture him in the Highlands and Islands and to blockade major English controlled fortresses at Perth and Stirling, the last forcing King Edward II to attempt the relief that resulted at English defeat at Bannockburn in 1314.
_	The development of naval power allowed Robert to successfully defeat English attempts to capture him in the Highlands and Islands and to blockade major English controlled fortresses at Perth and Stirling, the last forcing King Edward II to attempt the relief that resulted at English defeat at Bannockburn in 1314.
_	The development of naval power allowed Robert to successfully defeat English attempts to capture him in the Highlands and Islands and to blockade major English controlled fortresses at Perth and Stirling, the last forcing Edward II to attempt the relief that resulted in English defeat at Bannockburn in 1314.
_	The development of naval power allowed Robert to successfully defeat English attempts to capture him in the Highlands and Islands and to blockade major English controlled fortresses at Perth and Stirling, the last forcing Edward II to attempt the relief that resulted at English defeat at Bannockburn in 1314.
_	The innkeeper describes the thief, and the men fantasise about the relief that the reward would provide.
_	When the moon comes out, he howls like a werewolf while sighing at the relief that he can scratch his chest out in the woods.
_	It may even be hard for some to actually initiate cutting, but they often do because they know the relief that will follow.
_	Fossey, who was in Edmonton that day as well, flew home to Montreal with the relief that night.
_	The patient was aware of the relief that "rattling off" brought her, and she described the process using the terms "chimney-sweeping" and "talking cure".
_	Arthur Skeffington, the Labour candidate, claimed that the relief that war was avoided by Munich had given way to a profound uneasiness at the way it had been achieved.
_	The song was described as being about working through a difficult emotional breakup, and the relief that comes with finally being able to move on.
_	The songs on this album reflect their new faith and the relief that Richard Thompson had found in that faith.
_	If an employer takes an adverse employment action against an employee for a discriminatory reason and later discovers a legitimate reason that it can prove would have led it to take the same action, the employer is still liable for the discrimination, but the relief that the employee can recover may be limited.
_	The second stanza, while depicting the calm "rustle" of the forest, is more peaceful than the first, reflecting the relief that death would bring.
_	The Court unanimously affirmed the finding of an antitrust violation, but it divided closely on some aspects of the relief that the trial court ordered.
_	Given this background, he said, the relief that the trial court ordered was needed to overcome the effects of the illegal conduct, particularly because of the defendants' deliberate flouting of the antitrust laws:
_	QDIAs provide sponsors with fiduciary relief similar to the relief that applies when participants affirmatively elect their investments.
_	The development of naval power allowed Robert to successfully defeat English attempts to capture him in the Highlands and Islands and to blockade major English controlled fortresses at Perth and Stirling, the last forcing Edward II to attempt the relief that resulted at English defeat at Bannockburn in 1314.
_	Designers tried not to copy the model projects, and according to the mountainous terrain conditions attached forts configuration corresponds exactly to the relief that was not broken, and fire facilities dispersed over a large area, making it difficult to sighting the enemy artillery.
_	For example, Galeano references the relief that most feel every time a criminal is killed, therefore choosing security over justice.
_	Because these materials are malleable, they supported and held the gold in place while it was patterned and pushed into grooves in the base material to form the relief that created the jewelry.
_	Justice Rutledge agreed with Justice Black (who joined his dissent) that it was a mistake to modify the relief that the trial court decreed to remedy the defendants' "devious and ruthless methods, as well as the ultimate total success of this long adventure in monopoly and unlawful restraint of trade."
_	Outside of glaciated regions, rivers are responsible for sculpting uplifted terrain into arborescent valley networks and creating the relief that drives gravitational transport processes such as landsliding” (Tucker, et. al. 2002).
_	Since the claims against France were no longer valid, claimants continually petitioned Congress for the relief that had been waived by the treaty.
_	As described in a film magazine, the young Grand Duchess Marie Louise (Gish) of Molvenia, weary of life among the aristocracy, eagerly welcomes the relief that comes with the acquaintance of American soldiers that camp near her castle.
_	The majority then went on to denounce the concept embodied in the relief that the government sought and the trial court granted:
_	On 30 June 1734, a Russian army of 20,000 under Peter Lacy, after proclaiming August III the Saxon at Warsaw, proceeded to besiege Stanisław at Danzig, where he was entrenched with his partisans (including the Primate and the French and Swedish ministers) to await the relief that had been promised by France.
_	This often led to interventionist measures such as the provision of free school meals or ensuring that benefit claimants received the relief that was owed to them.
_	Three principal faults form the Lake Tahoe basin: the West Tahoe Fault, aligned between Meyers and Tahoe City, and which is the local segment of the Sierra Nevada Fault, extending on shore north and south of these localities; the Stateline/North Tahoe Fault, starting in the middle of the lake and creating the relief that forms Stateline, NV; and the Incline Village Fault, which runs parallel to the Stateline/North Tahoe Fault offshore and into Incline Village.
