_	Aelian notices him as notorious for his voracity, while Theopompus related that he was accustomed to have one hundred dishes placed on his table at one meal, and that, when he was imprisoned by Artaxerxes, he continued the same course of life, which drew from the king the remark that Thyus was living as if he expected a speedy death.
_	In June 1988, Meacher lost a libel action against journalist Alan Watkins, who had written an article in November 1984 which included the remark that Meacher "likes to claim that he is the son of an agricultural labourer, though I understand that his father was an accountant who retired to work on the family farm because the life suited him better."
_	De Bie included a short poem about him on page 562 of his book, with the remark that Lauwers' travels to Paris resulted in his bringing back engravings of works by the French engravers François Polly and Robert Nanteuil, that he sold in his shop.
_	Coke, the attorney-general and prosecuting counsel, denounced Cuffe in the strongest terms, and began his address to the court with the remark that he 'was the arrantest traitor that ever came to that bar,' 'the very seducer of the earl,' and 'the cunning coiner of all plots.'
_	The Grand Slam of Show Jumping was presented to the public and to the media in Gothenburg, Sweden on April 26, 2013 – accompanied by the remark that there is the option of increasing the number of participating equestrian sport events up to five in total.
_	Kum tells the full story of the red jacket, concluding with the remark that the devil appears every year at the fair with a pig's face, looking for the red jacket.
_	Gilbert stormed out and wrote to Sullivan that "I left him with the remark that it was a mistake to kick down the ladder by which he had risen".
_	Broszat ended his essay with the remark that such "perversions" of German history must be resisted in order to ensure the German people a better future.
_	In 1954, Paulhan, an admirer of the Marquis de Sade, made to Desclos the remark that no woman was capable of writing an erotic novel.
_	Its humor ranges from the remark that, when the Nile floods receded, the land, as far as the eye can see, is "covered by Egyptologists", to the detailed dissection, quotation, and parody, in the chapter on Alexander the Great, of the picture of Alexander as an idealist for world peace.
_	The fight was hard with the remark that in the fight appeared two teams closely related to the former political regime:
_	In the first edition of "Batsford Chess Openings" (1982), future World Champion Garry Kasparov famously dismissed 1...g5 with the remark that, "Chess is not ."
_	Leake reconciles all these apparently different statements by the remark that both the Maeander and the Marsyas have their origin in the lake on Mount Aulocrene, above Celaenae, but that they issue at different parts of the mountain below the lake.
_	Diego again goes to the bishop, with the same result, and the remark that he has to bring a token if he is to be believed.
_	It is prefaced by the remark that 'of an evil man may well issue a worse than himself' and then relates the circumstances in which Aesop tells the tale.
_	So, I don't fault them for following suit on this production..." and concludes with the remark that "Grizzly Rage" is "a pretty silly but satisfying little fright flick" and rated it a seven out of ten.
_	Then Talkarum entered on John['s land] and enfeoffed [entrusted] Henry Hunt, then John [re-]entered and cast out Hunt, and this was the forcible entry complained of [...] leaving to [all] Cornishmen the question whether Talkarum and Trevistarum are possible names, I cannot refrain from the remark that the name Henry Hunt is beautifully simple.""
_	Dr Johnson, with the remark that seldom any splendid story is wholly true, says that the Earl of Orrery had told him it was only retouched on that occasion.
_	The capacity of the stadium is subject to controversy as the exact capacity was kept secret to press and public during the Games to evade the remark that the stadium's capacity was only marginally bigger than the Harry Elte stadium.
_	Deyannis forbade all discussion on the subject with the remark that the trial was only confined to discovering the facts involved on the day the coup occurred.
_	Although Wilhelm Merton is recorded in autobiographical notes as saying of Metallgesellschaft that: "Our trading company will not be involved in any kind of advertising" and is credited with the remark that it would be far more pleasant "to be able to pursue one's business without the need of the stock exchange, the public or the press," he broke fundamentally with his principles in one important way--the publication Metallstatistik, which had appeared annually since 1892, giving an overview of metal production, consumption, and prices worldwide, made Metallgesellschaft's name, to quote Wilhelm Merton again, "known, and I might add, respected."
_	Closing texts explain the mostly happy fates of the characters, concluding with the remark that Luca went on to become an artist and "helped in making this film" – in other words, as writer and director.
_	Broszat ended his essay with the remark that such "perversions" of German history must be resisted in order to ensure the German people a better future.
_	She corrected them again, and they continued in Latin with the remark that they would not be interrupted in that language again.
_	The story goes that Ray was cutting an orange for a garnish when a man nearby made the remark that he could still smell the fuzz of the peach schnapps through the orange juice.
_	Gilbert wrote in a letter to Sullivan that "I left him with the remark that it was a mistake to kick down the ladder by which he had risen".
_	But his application was denied in 1960 with the remark that he was, "only imprisoned as a homosexual because of crimes against Paragraph 175 of the penal code."
_	In March 2010, Hastings defended Democrats’ approach to passing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, saying "I wish that I had been there when Thomas Edison made the remark that I think applies here:
_	At its dedication ceremony "The New York Times" stated that "the degree of comfort, almost amounting to luxury, manifest in every detail of the establishment, elicited from many visitors yesterday the remark that 'they would like to be old women'."
_	Three years earlier, Barsimson and another early Jewish settler, Asser Levy, joined in a petition to the governor and council of New Netherland to be permitted to stand guard like the other burghers, or to be relieved from the special tax imposed upon their nation in lieu thereof by resolution of governor and council; but their request was curtly refused, with the remark that they might go elsewhere if they liked.
_	Book Zeta begins with the remark that ‘Being’ has many senses.
_	Jupp appeared in Series 3 and 4 of political comedy "The Thick of It" as John Duggan, an incompetent press officer with a habit for making inappropriate comments, prompting the remark that his fringe is to "hide the lobotomy scars".
_	Benton was relatively retiring in life: a 1936 interview described him as "one of the most difficult men to interview I have ever talked to...try to pin some honour on him, or give him credit for some achievement, and he will modestly sidestep with the remark that ‘Lady Luck helped me a lot there!’"
_	Astonished by Hart, Lester wrote ""…he's able to reference said genres so skilfully and assimilate their influence with such a mastery and attention to detail."", later going on to make the remark that ""In a world where someone like Bastille can become a breakout star, Harts should be No 1 everywhere, including other planets."
_	E.g., Émile Meyerson opened his "Identity and Reality", written in 1908, with the remark that the word 'is becoming current' as equivalent to 'the philosophy of the sciences.
_	The Pope is said to have approved Dragičević's request with the remark that a wild nation deserved a wild patron.
_	In place of the words autonomy and homonomy, Angyal has also used the terms "self-determination" and "self-surrender" to describe these opposing yet co-operating directional trends of the biosphere, and he has felicitously summed up the individual's relationship to them with the remark that, "the human being comports himself "as if he were a whole of an intermediate order"".
_	Thereupon Signor Foli's friend purchased the sheet of tinfoil, with the remark that when he returned to New Jersey he would give the many friends of Signor Foli there a treat.
_	Pope Benedict XIV is said to have approved Bishop Dragičević's request with the remark that a wild nation deserved a wild patron.
_	Newton dismisses this theory with the remark that then light should bend around edges of objects as sounds do.
_	The case reached the House of Lords in 1767, and in February of that year was decided in favour of the nonconformists; and it was on this occasion that Lord Mansfield delivered the speech in which occurs the remark that the ‘dissenters' way of worship’ is not only lawful but ‘established.’
_	Thomas sparked outrage – while in post as Ambassador to the Philippines – by making the remark that "40% of male tourists to the Philippines go there for sex tourism", without publicly presenting evidence for this remark.
_	He advocates for a combined study of zoomusicology and ethnomusicology with the remark that he, "would like to suggest that musical scholarship excluding non-human animals cannot ultimately describe 'how musical is man'."
_	Some of Bishop's public comments on education, including the remark that "the states have ideologically hijacked school syllabi and are wasting $180 million in unnecessary duplication", were criticised by teachers.
_	In 1882, Prince Eulenberg-Hertefeld reported the remark that ""Holnstein must know some strange thing about the King and use it as weapon - the King no longer loves him, and he obeys him"."
_	The fact that the converse fails gives a precise sense to the remark that neighborhood models are a generalization of relational ones.
_	During a discussion between Morgan Freeman and Donald Sutherland, Sutherland makes the remark that, "FDR stopped Stilwell from going into Indochina, he caused the Vietnam War."
_	The statement closed with the remark that each individual is left to come to their own conclusions on the subject.
_	His first petition to pass this charter was denied with the remark that it was too long, and the second attempt was not passed at all.
_	Kendall dismisses his own cinematic work, perhaps because several of his films were quota quickies, with the remark that he "commenced film career 1931, and has appeared in innumerable pictures".
_	Lucas replied to Melvill's objections with the remark that they were "lying in the Bosom of Abraham".
_	Included in the memorandum was "a sample of the desired material" to help supply identify what was being asked for, while commenting that in the mean time "personnel during this period has become accustomed to the use of “Ersatz” the vast amount of incoming non-essential paper work" and closing with the remark that "in order to cooperate in war effort at small local sacrifice, the SKIPJACK desires no further action to be taken until the end of current war which has created a situation aptly described as “War is Hell”."
_	General Ewing encouraged his Brigade with the remark that "it would be a short job, and that we would be inside of the works, in less than ten minutes after receiving the order to move."
_	In conclusion, Descartes justifies his omissions and obscurities with the remark that much was deliberately omitted "in order to give others the pleasure of discovering [it] for themselves."
_	Explaining this in 1941 Crossland wrote "I cannot resist the remark that the one thing quite certain about the many forms of "Millepora" is that none of them have any resemblance to an elk's horn, except perhaps that from the West Indies".
_	Eisenstein further developed these notions, including the remark that, in modern parlance, matrix products are non-commutative.
_	Adémar de Chabannes concluded his account with the sentiment that “One who makes enemies of the harmless, by harming himself is made laughable” ("iniuriosis, qui sibi inimicos creant, et qui sibi iniuriam facit, aliis plus ridendus est"), while William Caxton introduced the fable with the remark that “Of a lytel euylle may wel come a gretter”.
_	From 1641 to 1643, and again from 1647 to 1650, he was chancellor of the university of Oxford; in 1648 he removed some of the heads of houses from their positions because they would not take the Solemn League and Covenant, and his foul language led to the remark that he was more fitted ""by his eloquence in swearing to preside over Bedlam than a learned academy"."
_	Of these 4 were marked in red by him with the remark that they were stolen by the Germans at Blankenberg.
_	Before being sold, they were hung in a large hall in the Van Loon collection, described by Eugène Fromentin in 1877 with the remark that they were examples of Rembrandt at his best and were painted in the same period that Rembrandt painted his "Anatomy Lesson of Dr. Nicolaes Tulp", traditionally marking the beginning of his career in Amsterdam.
_	A mock advertisement in "National Lampoon" magazine showed a floating Volkswagen Beetle—a parody of a well-known Volkswagen advertisement showing that the vehicle's underside was so well sealed that it would float on water—with the remark that Kennedy would have been elected president had he been driving a Beetle that night; the satire resulted in legal action by Volkswagen, claiming unauthorized use of its trademark.
_	This is also clear from the remark that the projectile is highly unstable when fired, while artillery shells would be spin-stabilized, or fin-stabilized in the case of mortar projectiles.
_	He also stated that "the remark that most summed him [his father] up was the flat statement that the war of 1939 to 1945 had been 'the only time when I really felt I knew what I was doing'."
_	Hulsker is puzzled by the remark that Vincent thought he had spoiled the painting, describing the painting as fascinating and enigmatic, "rich in subdued yet sparkling colours".
_	This fact has led to the remark that the Fundamental Theorem of Algebra is neither fundamental, nor a theorem of algebra.
_	In 2009, he made the remark that the "Korean economy will be annexed by the Chinese economic zone within 5–10 years".
_	Plessens to keep the peace, but as this did not satisfy the Bishop he kept Aderpul locked up for a further year in Schönberg, when he was released with the remark that he had forever made himself an enemy in his domains.
_	Thereafter is given the eulogy of the river Vitasta and the work ends with the remark that, as this treatise in the form of a dialogue between Janamejaya and Vaisampayana was not useful everywhere (i. e. was of local interest mainly), Vyasa did not include it in the Mahabharata lest that should become too exhaustive.
_	Citing Robert Frost's poem, he retired with the remark that he preferred to take "the road less travelled by".
_	While Deckard is unhappy, he decides that he at least prefers to know the truth, making the remark that "the electrical things have their lives too, paltry as those lives are."
_	However, on January 21, 1884, Svevo published a translation of Ivan Turgenev's story "The Worker and the Man with the White Hands", whose protagonist is sent to the gallows for a rebellious act on behalf of the oppressed; Svevo added the remark that "What is really moving is not the death of the man with the white hands, but his self-sacrifice on behalf of people who are unable to appreciate it."
_	Arcee makes the remark that were she to do the same, she would be pink (a nod to the color scheme of her Generation 1 counterpart.)
_	Mr. Loewe further stated the district was always famous for flowers and at anniversary services there was always a fine display of Christmas lilies in the churches so Mr. E Kowarzic made the remark that the town should be called Lilydale.
_	In this he failed as New South Wales rattled up 408/5 in the day, causing Benaud the remark that he had better change his way of thinking.
_	All I could do was repeat a phrase" – the remark that Fitzgerald didn't quite catch – "in Chinese that my husband taught me."
_	An Amsterdam delegation consisting of Abbema, Gales, Goll and Luden arrived in Leimuiden on 26 September to offer terms, but the Duke replied to their request with the remark that they could best adhere to the resolution that the rump-States of Holland were about to adopt in which they meekly asked the Princess what she required to satisfy her honor.
_	The game of Schafkopf is first recorded in a 1782 Saxon schedule of penalties, "Drinking and Gaming on Workdays and Sundays" ("Zechen und Spielen an Werktagen und Sonntagen"), typically with the remark that, unlike Hazard for example, it was not to be considered a game of chance in the legal sense and was thus permitted.
_	This year the parish priest of the village of Tizimin, Manuel Luciano Perez, sends a rare manuscript that has been called Chilam Balam of Tizimin to the Bishop of Yucatán, Crescendo Carrillo y Ancona, with the remark that it has been in his possession for a number of years.
_	The chief psychiatrist of Russia Zurab Kekelidze in his 2013 interview to Dozhd says that a part of the cases of homosexuality is a mental disorder, he counters the remark that the World Health Organization removed homosexuality from the list of mental disorders by stating that it is not true.
_	When proving basic results about the natural numbers in elementary number theory though, the proof may very well hinge on the remark that any natural number has a successor (which should then in itself be proved or taken as an axiom, see Peano's axioms).
_	The story concludes with the remark that we will have to wait a long time for the dragon to be killed, as the killer has not yet been born, he who will later be the grandfather of Dietrich of Verona.
_	He was the only one to sign the conclusion of Novi Sad agreement, with the note "I give this signature with the remark that the statement in act 4 of the conclusion cannot be used for promoting Ekavian pronunciation in the present-day Ijekavian area."
_	Zach Epstein of "BGR" opined that Spotify was angry because "it’s not a non-profit" that did not have free rein over its app built on another company's service, and concluded with the remark that "Apparently, Apple shouldn’t be compensated for giving Spotify access to tens of millions of potential subscribers".
_	Gilbert stormed out and wrote to Sullivan that "I left him with the remark that it was a mistake to kick down the ladder by which he had risen".
_	She is therefore shocked when a philosopher she dislikes dismisses Hume with the remark that "there's so much more to be learnt about our emotions" from magnetic resonance imaging.
_	Horn criticized her for discussing state affairs with her husband, pressed her as to whether she would respect the constitution and insulted her by making the remark that nothing better was to be expected "under the regiment of a female."
_	However, when the description includes the remark that the weapon was brass, this suggests that it was an "obusier".
_	He defended his ministry's handling of the matter with the remark that its task was to measure radiation levels on land.
_	In the section of "Porsoniana" appended to Alexander Dyce's "Table-talk of Samuel Rogers", p. 302, occurs the anecdote that when Richard Porson was introduced to Cogan with the remark that he was intensely devoted to Greek, Porson's reply was, "If Mr. Cogan is passionately fond of Greek, he must be content to dine on bread and cheese for the remainder of his life."
_	He made the remark that:
_	The personnel of the 141st squadron had been sent home in the afternoon with the remark that their duty terminated earlier on that day.
_	The Project's namesake, the Reverend Canon Theodore R. Gibson, a Miami city commissioner known for his oration and vision, made the remark that is the Project's theme: "Help the Children to Communicate...That is the Key".
_	Habermas ended his article with the remark that Hillgruber was an extremely shoddy historian, claiming that Hillgruber's charge that he was a leading 60s radical who was behind "...the agitation unleashed by extreme leftists at West German universities and on the psychic terror aimed at individual non-Marxist colleagues" was simply not supported by the facts, and told Hillgruber to read one of his own books about his actions in the late 1960s before making such claims.
_	His son, Fritz Wolters, also an architect, described him as a man who fought uncompromisingly for what he saw as the "whole" in urban planning, and once ended a discussion with a local committee with the remark that they had "rented his head, not his pencil".
_	Habermas ended his article with the remark that Hillgruber was an extremely shoddy historian, claiming that Hillgruber's charge that he was a leading 60s radical who was behind "...the agitation unleashed by extreme leftists at West German universities and on the psychic terror aimed at individual non-Marxist colleagues" was simply not supported by the facts, and told Hillgruber to read one of his own books about his actions in the late 1960s before making such claims.
_	Yelle ends his review with the remark that there has been a gradual improvement in Western scholars' knowledge of Indian traditions.
_	William Caxton similarly closes his version with the remark that "".
_	The paper of Hays, Imbrie and Shackleton "Variations in the Earth's Orbit: Pacemaker of the Ice Ages" qualified its predictions with the remark that "forecasts must be qualified in two ways.
_	Wright accompanied the sentence with the remark that the offence was ' next door to pulling the king off his throne.
_	A heretic, probably an adherent of Manicheism, against which Sheshet polemized (comp. Bacher "Ag. Bab. Amor." p. 78, note 12), taunted him with the remark that he certainly would not be able to see the king.
_	The "Tattva Sandarbha" commentary of the 16th-century Vaishnava scholar Jiva Goswami analyzes the text, with the remark that the Bhagavata is written in a popular story style, which is easy to read and simpler to understand, than other important ancient Indian philosophical literature.
_	In a note he added the remark that he had taken the connotation "student" in its widest sense.
_	Emperor Qianshao made the mistake of publicly making the remark that when he grew up, Empress Dowager Zhang would pay for this.
_	Once, when Emperor He was ill, Empress Yin made the remark that if she became empress dowager, the Dengs would be slaughtered—and upon hearing that remark, Consort Deng considered committing suicide, and one of her ladies in waiting saved her by falsely telling her that the emperor had recovered.
_	An earlier draft of the letter that Palach wrote also called for the resignation of a number of pro-Soviet politicians, but that demand did not make it into the final version, which included the remark that "our demands are not extreme, on the contrary".
_	Writing in "The New York Times Book Review", William Meredith sounded a somewhat prophetic note with the remark that "Katherine Hoskins' poems are so austerely excellent—and this is said without cynicism—that there is danger of their not being noticed at all."
_	He was ill, Empress Yin made the remark that if she became empress dowager, the Dengs would be slaughtered—and upon hearing that remark, Consort Deng considered committing suicide, and one of her ladies in waiting saved her by falsely telling her that the emperor had recovered.
_	Kang responded with the remark that his behaviour was only for the sake of the show.
_	The theorem is named after Andrey Nikolayevich Tikhonov (whose surname sometimes is transcribed "Tychonoff"), who proved it first in 1930 for powers of the closed unit interval and in 1935 stated the full theorem along with the remark that its proof was the same as for the special case.
_	The holomorphic structure on the tangent bundle of a complex manifold is guaranteed by the remark that the derivative (in the appropriate sense) of a vector-valued holomorphic function is itself holomorphic.
_	Gilbert stormed out and wrote to Sullivan that "I left him with the remark that it was a mistake to kick down the ladder by which he had risen".
_	During his tenure as DG of UP Police, Jagmohan made the remark that rapes happened in "Ram Rajya" too.
_	Once, when Emperor He was ill, Empress Yin made the remark that if she became empress dowager, the Dengs would be slaughtered—and upon hearing that remark, Consort Deng considered committing suicide, and one of her ladies in waiting saved her by falsely telling her that the emperor had recovered.
_	Whereas the "Song of the Founding of the Confederation" ends with the remark that William Tell was drowned on the order of Herman Gessler in the Lake of Lucerne, Russ’ chronicle concludes with an account of how William Tell managed to assassinate the Austrian governor in his boat.
_	The variety and range of topics almost invited the remark that some at least must suffer from superficial or hackneyed treatment, but the author appeared to have labored conscientiously and carefully over each section, and to have brought together many wise thoughts and counsels for the benefit of those who really desire guidance and help in the care and nurture of children.
_	Icaza responded on his blog to Stallman with the remark that he believes in a "world of possibility" and that he is open for discussions on ways to improve the pool of open source and free software.
_	Potter concluded "The Tale of Tom Kitten" with the remark that she might "have to make another, larger, book, to tell you more about Tom Kitten".
_	This position is sometimes illustrated with the remark that "The only intuitive interface is the nipple; everything else is learned."
_	This was brought to him by the Duke himself with the remark that this cup had been made in his own porcelain factory.
_	the remark that the twelve foundation stones of the celestial city in Apoc., xxi, 19-20, correspond to the twelve stones of the rational.
_	The Old English term "wealhhnutu" is a late book-name (Old English Vocabularies, Wright & Wulker), so the remark that the Anglo-Saxons inherited the walnut tree from the Romans does not follow from this name.
_	Tiberius let slip the remark that he would accept a share of responsibility of the Empire but not the whole.
_	In an interview with "de Volkskrant", he made the remark that he knew as a child that when he died, he would make the television news.
_	In another, late 1990 piece, he described an altercation between him and a black waiter at the Plaza Hotel Palm Court restaurant, concluding with the remark that "I thought about a whip.
_	Gilbert stormed out and wrote to Sullivan that "I left him with the remark that it was a mistake to kick down the ladder by which he had risen".
