_	Russell contrasts this with the reminder that Native Americans are "members of communities before members of a race."
_	It was the reminder that the Great Plains were almost crossed and the Rocky Mountains lay right ahead.
_	There was simply the reminder that this show works so well because we're so invested in its core relationships."
_	Wells himself wrote that "this story was the response of an imaginative mind to the reminder that humanity is but animal rough-hewn to a reasonable shape and in perpetual internal conflict between instinct and injunction," with the scandals surrounding Oscar Wilde being the impetus for the English writer's treatment of themes such as ethics and psychology.
_	Later that night, Arachne comes to Peter in a vision and explains that she is his guardian along with the reminder that being a hero is his destiny and he cannot escape it ("Turn Off the Dark").
_	He and his irritating adopted daughter Ina (known to Irene as 'that nippy wee dwarf') address each other as 'adopted father' and 'adopted daughter'; Ina frequently prefaces her remarks with the reminder that 'I might be wrong, what with my formative years being spent in a children's home and my rudimentary education having been neglected...
_	The "Skull" is the reminder that you shall always be willing to put your self at stake for the life of the whole community.
_	It was Dee who announced the USC penalties and closed with the reminder that "high-profile athletes demand high-profile compliance."
_	By doing this, Gentileschi cements the reminder that Lot and his daughters know they will be okay in the end.
_	Although their relationship appears affectionate to a degree, Jack and Alice rarely have contact as Alice dislikes his work and the reminder that he will outlive her.
_	He says that the verse in the Quran reads "We have written in the Zabur after the reminder that My righteous servants shall inherit the earth."
_	He says that the verse in the Qur'an reads "We have written in the Zabur after the reminder that My righteous servants shall inherit the earth."
_	When Wang strikes gold by winning the lottery, just as predicted, the celebratory mood is soon eclipsed by the reminder that Liu’s death also has been forecast.
_	(Northwest Film Forum)"There are precedents for this kind of illusion-shattering realism - the film shares with Terry Zwigoff’s "Ghost World" the need to prove how much damage some sense of ‘integrity’ can inflict on other people, and even with "The Catcher in the Rye" the reminder that one person’s view of the world rarely coheres completely with the real thing.
_	But even with the reminder that God is always watching over her, there are some things that still scare the young cub.
_	It was Dee who, in announcing some of the stiffest penalties of the last 20 years (a two-year bowl ban and 30 docked scholarships), closed with the reminder that "high-profile athletes demand high-profile compliance."
_	"Run of the Mill" was a song I often asked him to play, the lyrics so wise, especially the reminder that, 'Tomorrow when you rise, another day for you to realise me' ('me' being God) ..."
_	It has atmosphere which creates something you cannot escape - the reminder that our time is limited and all the accoutrements that go with it, such as the visuals."
_	When the king acted in an arbitrary and illegal manner he needed the reminder that though he was king over men he was only "God's silly vassal."
_	Not the end of the war, or the death of some bad guys, but the reminder that there are so many stories that go on without us."
