_	However, a favourite of his wanted to marry Teresa and reminded Emamqoli Khan of the report that she was a Muslim before she was a Christian.
_	While the Devlin committee did rule that many witnesses overstated their ability to single out the right person, Professor Glanville Williams commented on the report that:
_	Penn responded to the report that the words "reboot" and "remake" were inaccurate, and instead he is interested in seeing stories set in the already established universe.
_	This was prompted in part by the report that government funding of chiropractic care for children under 14 was reported to have risen by 185% in four years.
_	In addition to the conferences, AAPIPRC issued press releases to the Pew Research Center and Governing Board of the Pew Research Center in response Pew Research Center's report "The Rise of Asian Americans" and sensationalist headlines of the report that caused concerns among the AAPI academic community due to its misrepresentations of AAPI success.
_	This, combined with the report that the Gagauz felt offended when called by this name, makes the etymology somewhat dubious."
_	It was acknowledged in the report that listing all types of unregistered investment companies would,
_	In response to the report that "R. callenderi" was not an ornithischian, Heckert (2005) erected a new genus for "R. hunti", "Krzyzanowskisaurus".
_	And they differed concerning the report that says "fa aslama".
_	The laboratory of Rockefeller Institute's Oswald Avery, America's leading pneumococcal expert, was so troubled by the report that they refused to attempt repetition.
_	After consulting many trade unions, experts and other associations, he submitted the report that stresses that reforming the regulated labor market is needed but "reform, don't break, this includes twenty-eight proposals that are aimed particularly at promoting young people's access to the job market."
_	They were, however, difficult to fire due to their very long and narrow grates, and it was admitted in the report that dealing with the large drop-grate and the increased amount of clinker and ash placed greater physical strain on the stokers.
_	UIC Professor and former Chicago Alderman Dick Simpson noted in the report that "To end corruption, society needs to do more than convict the guys that get caught.
_	One report from 1923 noted:"[S]ome gloom-bird circulated the report that Hale's hands were too small to enable him to field grounders cleanly.
_	In a letter to "The Guardian" he criticised the award of a peerage to Shami Chakrabarti soon after "her anaemic report on antisemitism" in the party "smacks of a reward for preparing the report that the leadership wanted".
_	Ibn-al-Athir forwarded the report that it was Judas, the betrayer, while also mentioning the possibility it was a man named Natlianus.
_	He added that humans and dinosaurs had lived together, quoting Clifford L. Burdick for the report that dinosaur tracks had supposedly been found overlapping a human track in the Paluxy River bed Glen Rose Formation.
_	Kipling was upset by the report that his son John was missing.
_	She sees on the report that her sister had died of a drug overdose, but when she sees her sister's dead and visibly bruised body in the morgue, Laurie concludes that a cover-up is being engineered by the authorities, and is determined to find out the truth.
_	In early June 2011, in advance of the report that Wuerl was due to present to the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops on interest shown in joining an ordinariate, a 100-member Episcopal parish in Bladensburg, Maryland was reported to have become the first in the United States to ask to be received into the Catholic Church while keeping aspects of its Anglican traditions.
_	He was an influential figure in developing forestry in British Columbia, as primary author of the report that led to the "Forestry Act" of 1912, and as chief forester, a position he held from 1917 until 1920.
_	The Congregation for the Causes of Saints, in the report that confirmed Jacinta as beatified, observed that she seemed to have "an insatiable hunger for immolation."
_	With the attack of the Harudes on the Aedui and the report that a hundred clans of Suebi were trying to cross the Rhine into Gaul, Caesar had the justification he needed to wage war against Ariovistus in 58 BC.
_	Police Scotland stated in reference to the report that no evidence of criminality was found and consequently there was no charge to answer.
_	Magda Stoczkiewicz, director of Friends of the Earth Europe, argues in the report that "[n]othing epitomizes what is wrong with our food and farming more than the livestock sector and the quest for cheap and plentiful meat."
_	He was rapporteur of the commission inquiring into the Panama scandals in 1892, and published the report that he wrote on the subject.
_	News noted of the report that "The primary target, however, of Saddam's terror activities was not the United States, and not Israel.
_	However, Farmer said in the report that he did complain about the rule to Ohio Republican Sen. George V. Voinovich and Rep. Rob Portman, a fellow Bush Pioneer and chairman of Bush's campaign in Ohio.
_	At first, Radomski said that Gagné obtained them from Dodgers teammate Paul Lo Duca, but then Radomski said in the report that he mailed two shipments of HGH directly to Gagné in 2004.
_	Invariably there is a disclaimer on the report that confirms that the surveyor extends no responsibility to the borrower.
_	Likely, this law will be enforced upon the report that a firearm was stolen out of a vehicle, in which case the owner will be held responsible.
_	It was said in the report that the artillery was not just targeting opposition fighters, but was rather randomly hitting the town.
_	However, no one else has confirmed the report that books never opened in ADE nor in the ADE library are logged.
_	3: César Arzo scored the goal, but the referee César Muñiz Fernández notified in the report that the author had been Haris Medunjanin, so, in the Liga BBVA's official account, the goal was scored by Medunjanin.
_	The suppression of DHT in vivo, and the report that dutasteride inhibits 5α-R3 in vitro suggest that dutasteride may be a triple 5α reductase inhibitor.
_	In 2015, he was co-author of the report that launched the Global Apollo Programme, which calls for developed nations to commit to spending 0.02% of their GDP for 10 years, to fund co-ordinated research to make carbon-free baseload electricity less costly than electricity from coal by the year 2025.
_	The War Department released the thousand copies of the report that had been kept in Groves's office to the media for use by the radio broadcasters with an embargo time of 9:00 pm on August 11, 1945, and for the newspapers of August 12.
_	Henry dictated what Hawkins was to say to the Emperor in justification of the divorce; and asked to contradict the report that his aunt Catherine of Aragon and the Princess Mary Tudor were ill-treated.
_	Wilders told an audience during the report that "We [in the West] are all Israel".
_	In an effort to clarify this issue, Max Ferdinand Perutz later published what had been in the progress report, and suggested that nothing was in the report that Franklin herself had not said in her talk (attended by Watson) in late 1951.
_	In the report that they issued to McKinley the following year, the commissioners acknowledged Filipino aspirations for independence; they declared, however, that the Philippines was not ready for it.
_	A false (although at one time widely reported) error is the report that the edge lettering is upside down.
_	Her sisters spread the report that she had only endeavored to conceal unmarried sex with a mortal man, by pretending that Zeus was the father of her child, and said that her destruction was a just punishment for her falsehood.
_	In the report that they issued to the president the following year, the commissioners acknowledged Filipino aspirations for independence.
_	A team from Yale visited Fitzpatrick in June 1905 but left Ann Arbor with the report that it was "impossible to get Keene away from Michigan."
_	Ovid adds that some equate Anna Perenna with the Moon, with Themis, with Io or with Amaltheia, but prefers the report that during the "secessio plebis" an old woman of Bovillae named Anna baked cakes every morning and brought them to the hungry rebels, in gratitude for which the plebeians worshipped her as a goddess.
_	This is corroborated by the report that the Breakwater Light has a "round cast iron lantern room [that] features helical astragal" in the lantern.
_	Not long after, Ottoman command received the report that a mixed army of Austrians and Transylvanians were advancing towards the Ottoman expeditionary force.
_	Some business intelligence tools enable the user to create an annotation within the report that explains the trend.
_	They received the award for the report that provided readers with a “penetrating look into business practices by Apple and other technology companies that illustrates the darker side of a changing global economy for workers and consumers.
_	This point was illuminated by the report that a Soviet employee of the United Nations had been able to recruit a college student from Queens to obtain information at the library that was described as sensitive.
_	She joined up with him at Saint-Pierre, Martinique, on 29 June with the report that the day before she had seen a French squadron of nine ships, three of them large frigates.
_	Chairman Donilon said of the report that its coverage "is unusual in the breadth of issues" with which it deals.
_	After Paolo's death in 1886, a number of newspapers published the report that according to his will, the island had become a republic.
_	Finally, there was an indication in the report that the acceptance rate of the AMA's values by Medicare "has fallen in recent years from 90 percent [or higher] to about 70 percent" but the federal agency has far fewer people – "six to eight" – monitoring the process than the AMA has operating it.
_	A scouting party returns with the report that a crackdown is underway and no further military action can be taken.
_	A small rebuttal is made to the claim in the report that many violations were committed by the executive branch, not only the legislative branch.
_	When they return from the cemetery on Passover morning to tell the eleven remaining apostles and those with them, they brought with them word of an empty tomb and the report that, "He is not here but has risen!"
_	Furst was amused by the report that North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un modeled his haircut after Furst's character in "Babylon 5".
_	The historian Fan Ye (398–445 CE), author of the "Hou Hanshu", notes this section's information comes from the report that General Ban Yong 班勇 (son of General Ban Chao 班超, 32-102 CE) presented to the Emperor in 125.
_	Police closed their investigation, as there was no indication in the report that his death was caused by physical assault.
_	The novel is framed as part of the report that Ai sends back to the Ekumen after his time on Gethen, and as such, suggests that Ai is selecting and ordering the material.
_	At the third WSIS Preparatory Committee meeting in Geneva in September 2005, the TMG launched an update to the report that found no improvements in the human rights situation.
_	It was noted in the report that existing girders required immediate cleaning and painting.
_	Specifically, a comparison appears to be made in the report that the devotees of Ayya Vaikundar, especially the
_	One infers from the report that the court were not satisfied with the defence, as a fact, of the confession, and, also, that they considered the charge to be proved from the other evidence.
_	In February 2012, Drummond released the report that stated that the province would face a $30-billion deficit by 2017-18, which was nearly double what the McGuinty government had projected.
_	Richmond noted that his conclusion was supported by the vessel's 31 year history of Great Lakes navigation and the report that it was sailing smoothly prior to its sinking.
_	They found terrible and obvious mistakes in the report that the lab should have known about.
_	In 2009, firm chairman Anton R. Valukas was appointed as the examiner in the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy, and he hired Jenner & Block to produce the report that captured the findings of a year-long investigation of the bank's finances.
_	Invariably there is a disclaimer on the report that confirms that the surveyor extends no responsibility to the borrower.
_	According to Robert Coalson, a correspondent of “Radio Free Europe”, in this “randomly compiled” report in illiterate English, “the stable social welfare of Azerbaijan” is lauded, it is said in the report that women's rights are “comparable to those of citizens of EU member states” and it is also mentioned that there is “full respect for religious minorities” in Azerbaijan..
_	Heseltine mentioned in the report that “we need mechanisms that drive communities together, embracing academia, the private sector, the voluntary sector and others with a stake in our society to seek solutions designed in the circumstances on the ground and not forged as a national ‘one solution fits all’ diktat from London.
_	After that, the report that Ochoa brought to Castro was negative, which effectively ended Cuba's intervention in Venezuelan affairs.
_	Although the lawsuit was initiated on October 17, 2005, the Ethics committee of the Chamber delayed for over 13 months voting on the report that recommended the revocation of Janene's mandate.
_	Alterations over the intervening years (1887–1916) to the torch had created such irreversible damage to the integral stability of that segment, that it was advised in the report that the torch be replaced.
_	In the report that they issued to the president the following year, the commissioners acknowledged Filipino aspirations for independence; they declared, however, that the Philippines was not ready for it.
_	More common among the studies was the report that Africans had smaller skulls than either Caucasians or East Asians.
_	MPs and Peers concluded in the report that there had been "systemic failures" and rejected the Home Office description of a "a series of mistakes" as not "credible of sufficient".
_	It was the education/training section of the report that described LIPA’s blueprint.
_	The flurry of activity to cover up their considerable misdeeds is interrupted by the report that a suspicious person has arrived two weeks previously from Saint Petersburg and is staying at the inn.
_	After the inquiry's report was issued, Tony Blair acknowledged that the report made "real and material criticisms of preparation, planning, process and of the relationship with the United States" but cited sections of the report that he said "should lay to rest allegations of bad faith, lies or deceit".
_	They were usually sent from as far a place as possible so as to ensure the unbiasedness of the report that they wrote.
_	The probation officer must be prepared to discuss the case with the sentencing judge in chambers or in court, to answer questions about the report that arise during the sentencing hearing, and, ultimately, to testify under oath in open court as to the basis for the factual findings and guideline applications recommended in the report.
_	The Russian Foreign Ministry also dismissed the report that the boundary was being shifted further into Georgia proper and warned of "serious consequences" if Tbilisi continued what it described as "political speculation".
_	In the report that they issued to the president the following year, the commissioners acknowledged Filipino aspirations for independence; they declared, however, that the Philippines was not ready for it.
_	In 2015, he was co-author of the report that launched the Global Apollo Programme, which calls for developed nations to commit to spending 0.02% of their GDP for 10 years, to fund co-ordinated research to make carbon-free baseload electricity less costly than electricity from coal by the year 2025.
_	In the report that concluded its inspection of these documents, the Planning Inspectorate found that Thames Water had "underestimated of impacts on those that have been identified as having a significant effect and underestimated the number of receptors experiencing a significant effect" (12.97) and concluded "We do not consider that [Thames Water's] proposals meet the first aim of the NPS test to avoid significant adverse impacts on health and quality of life from noise" (12.357).
_	A former murder squad detective told the report that "certain routine inquiries" such as looking for fresh evidence at the crime scene were not being carried out.
_	The original account of this story is included in the report that the Augustinian Fray Jerónimo de Santisteban, travelling with the Villalobos' expedition, wrote for the Viceroy of New Spain, while in Kochi during the voyage home.
_	In order to further ensure a democratic division of water, Powell was insistent in the report that water rights not be separated from land they irrigated on the basis that this would prevent developers from monopolizing water rights and extorting landowners.
_	Steve MacLaughlin notes in the report that "the Internet has now become the first-response channel of choice for donors during disasters and other emergency events."
_	It was noted in the report that on the day of the accident the ship's passenger capacity was exceeded by 30 persons, the passenger list was not correct, starting the voyage in the face of an impending storm and not staying near shore but heading into the center of the lake were factors that lead to the suspension.
_	In the report that is available through access to information, the authors argued that the CEW was, for several years after its adoption by the RCMP, erroneously characterized as a prohibited "weapon" under the Criminal Code, as opposed to a prohibited "firearm".
_	John Kessler of Texas A&M, who led a National Science Foundation on-site study of the spill, said the report that 75% of the oil is gone is "just not true" and that 50% to 75% of the material that came out of the well remains in the water in a "dissolved or dispersed form".
_	"It is clear from the language of the report that the U.S. researchers understood the profoundly unethical nature of the study.
_	Edmund was born near Paris, Oneida County, New York, but knew little of his Ellsworth family heritage, except the report that his paternal grandfather had fought under General George Washington in several battles.
_	He emphasized in the report that Indonesia had ushered in an irreversible process of democratization, to which Japan should contribute positively.
_	The messengers returned and greatly frightened Jacob with the report that Esau was coming to meet him with 400 men.
_	The fundraiser's online challenge ended July 2013 with the report that the goal had not been met.
_	Baker also mentioned in the report that following this incident, UKvisas conducted extensive testing and found no evidence that data had been stolen or misused.
_	But Špaček also "said Mr. Havel was still certain there was no factual basis behind the report that Mr. Atta met an Iraqi diplomat."
_	In the report that they issued to the president the following year, the commissioners acknowledged Filipino aspirations for independence; they declared, however, that the Philippines was not ready for it.
_	The detailed summary of the reception takes up some two or three pages of the report that Cheroeas sent, along with two letters of his own, to Constantinople.
_	It is indicated in several parts of the report that the main reason the interactive media field is so small in Saskatchewan is because of the lack of support.
_	He acknowledged that the report made "real and material criticisms of preparation, planning, process and of the relationship with the United States" but cited sections of the report that he said "should lay to rest allegations of bad faith, lies or deceit".
_	Minkow had revealed in the report that he was betting for the stock to go down.
_	A.A.M. Duncan argues that the association of Giric and Eochaid in the kingship is spurious, that Giric alone was king of the Picts, which he claimed as the son of daughter of Kenneth MacAlpin, and that the report that he was Eochaid's guardian ("alumpnus") is a misreading of uncle ("auunculus").
_	He almost blows Kiera’s cover by phoning Portsmouth but is interrupted by the report that Liber8 has attacked a police patrol and taken all of the weapons as well as setting off multiple bank alarms across the city.
_	Referring to the report that the commission she chaired filed after violence at the mine in 2012, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi said;
_	The Police decided after considering the report that Hancock would face no charges in relation to the complaint.
_	It was said in the report that Dina was having an affair with her father, Clarke.
_	It was also alleged in the report that statements given by Hindus immediately after the massacre were false, and that they were threatened by ARSA into blaming Rakhine Buddhists for the killings.
_	"The Australian" quoted Northern Territory Supreme Court Justice Dean Mildren as saying the conditions do not comply with Australia's international obligations; "The Australian" also cited the strongest criticisms of the prison's conditions as coming from the Territory's executive director of Correctional Services, Ken Middlebrook, while Correctional Services Minister Gerry McCarthy challenged the report that prisoners were served rotten food.
_	Researchers from the Institute for Contemporary History in Münich "discovered" the report that became "The Hitler Book" in 2005.
_	Instead, he went straight to the television cameras—and then his office for months bottled up the report that revealed not a single claim was true."
_	In the report that he submitted after the Games, Brundage called the controversy "absurd": he noted that Glickman and Stoller had finished fifth and sixth at the Olympic trials at New York's Randall's Island Stadium and that the US victory had validated the decision.
_	In 2015, he was co-author of the report that launched the Global Apollo Programme, which calls for developed nations to commit to spending 0.02% of their GDP for 10 years, to fund co-ordinated research to make carbon-free baseload electricity less costly than electricity from coal by 2025.
_	The religious significance of these cranes is further accentuated in Bhutan by the report that "they mate for life and ...live for 30 or 40 years".
_	On the contrary he attended the court and refused any credence to the report that the king's newborn son, James, Prince of Wales, was supposititious.
_	The House of Lords had been investigating the report that William had plotted to secure the succession to the crown for the Elector of Hanover.
_	“But it was not until I read online reactions to the report that it dawned on me how many people, out of mischief, took hook, line and sinker, the said report and went ahead to make a mockery of the institution and each one of us.
_	Dawud Walid, head of the Michigan branch of the Council on American-Islamic Relations, commented in the report that "The Simpsons" "is a very prolific show.
_	Netanyahu's office issued a statement in reaction to the report that read:
_	Thaçi also announced that he will publish a list of witnesses who contributed to the report that would discredit it, stating "There are witnesses and evidence which shows in what way the report was made."
_	According to the report that he filed with the International UFO Bureau four years after the incident, Carter saw the UFO in October 1969.
_	The two Labour senators provided an addendum to the report that the question could only be resolved by reference to the High Court.
_	It is stressed in the report that the organisation was minimal.
_	Three days later "Lloyd's List" stated that the report that "Sir Godfrey" had put into Mauritius was uncertain.
_	The Commission suggested in the report that the Housing Department should liaise with the Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department (AFCD) to handle the problem of unauthorised dog keeping in public housing flats.
_	Borbély produced the section of the report that investigated Russia, as Garcia was sanctioned from entering the country, and the United States, to prevent a potential conflict of interest as Garcia is American.
_	In each scene of the episode, the viewer hears the actual scene as well as the report that Radar is making.
_	Akbank also achieved a significant success by ranking as the 126th most valuable banking brand in the report that comprises the most valuable global banking brands.
_	In the subsequent 1997 Master Plan for the area, plans for the Fort Canning Tunnel remained unchanged and it was not explicitly stated in the report that the National Library building would be demolished.
_	The only part of the report that was acted on was in the area of public transport.
_	In the report that they issued to the president the following year, the commissioners acknowledged Filipino aspirations for independence; they declared, however, that the Philippines was not ready for it.
_	Wetzler is known for the report that he and his fellow escapee, Rudolf Vrba, compiled about the inner workings of the Auschwitz camp – a ground plan of the camp, construction details of the gas chambers, crematoriums and, most convincingly, a label from a canister of Zyklon B.
_	He has led an unprecedented child-led alternative report on child rights issues to the United Nations Human Rights Universal Periodic Review, engaging 35 children in producing the report that was submitted on March 2010.
_	The agents also indicate in the report that the CIA as a matter of course hands suspects over to foreign intelligence services with far fewer qualms about torture for more intensive interrogation.
_	An insight into his irascible perfectionism may be gained from the report that he refused ever to have a vacuum cleaner in his house because he found none of the existing vacuum cleaner designs satisfactory.
_	In 1879 some Old Catholics spread the report that Kleutgen had been condemned by the Roman Inquisition to an imprisonment of six years on account of complicity in the poisoning of a Princess von Hohenlohe; but, on 7 March, Juvenal Pelami, Notary of the Inquisition, testified that Kleutgen had never been summoned before the Inquisition upon such a charge, and consequently had not been punished by it.
_	He ended up fronting the media and was steadfast in his own defence saying the report that he set up was wrong and handed out copies of his own 48 page response.
_	The coastal migration hypothesis has been bolstered by findings such as the report that the sediments in the Port Eliza Cave on Vancouver Island indicate the possibility of survivable climate as far back as 16 kya (16,000 years ago) in the area, while the continental ice sheets were nearing their maximum extent.
_	CPJ researchers said in the report that Veracruz state authorities have, in past incidents, tried to dismiss the connection between journalists' profession and their murders.
_	A witness stated for the report that Hotta was sent to Greece by the Germans as an "agent provocateur", where his function was a Press Attaché of the Romanian Legation in Athens.
_	Of particular note is the report that the recent Fitzgerald/Shaw/Rich tour had set a new box office record in Australia and had grossed US103,000 over 13 performances.
_	Its first day gross totaled to ₱12 million, according to the report that was shown in "".
_	In response to the report that the police had information, Fr. Henry Sequeira, chancellor of the Mangalore Diocese said, "If the police knew about this in advance and still could not prevent the attacks, then we have no hope."
_	The points of the report that ARC felt were the most likely to reduce cyclists' injuries and death were revisions to the Highway Traffic Act, in particular that cyclists have the right of way over cars and pedestrians the right of way over cyclists; the creation of comprehensive on-street bike lanes and off-street trails; and side guards on large trucks to reduce the chances of cyclists being 'sucked' in by the large wheels.
_	The coastal migration hypothesis has been bolstered by findings such as the report that the sediments in the Port Eliza caves on Vancouver Island indicate the possibility of survivable climate as far back 16 ka (16,000 years) in the area, while the continental ice sheets were nearing their maximum extent.
_	In January 2017, the NTSB released the report that concluded Tesla was not at fault; the investigation revealed that for Tesla cars, the crash rate dropped by 40 percent after Autopilot was installed.
_	When Bachmayer received the report that the inmate had been found, he was standing by chance next to the undersigned.
_	Mitchell also named 86 players in the report that had some kind of connection to steroids.
_	However, reports after the discovery of the ship indicate that much of the information regarding the hijacking, including the report that the hijackers had left the ship on July 24, may have been given by crew under duress, or was deliberate misinformation by the authorities.
_	CREA fired off a media release denouncing the report that the groups "will" release before it had even read the report.
_	The judge said of the report that there was a considerable degree of consensus but further MRI scans were needed to establish whether the position that GOSH had for some time been maintaining is correct.
_	In 1953, another commission was appointed but given the report that tramway should be revived at any cost.
_	Bruce then fled without inspecting the body, but was satisfied with the report that it was Thomas Elliot, for a while.
_	The European Stability Initiative stated that “the ESISC report is full of lies” (for example, it was said in the report that PACE member Strasser had pro-Armenian views, because he visited Yerevan in 2015 in memory of the Armenian genocide, when Strasser has never been in the Republic of Armenia).
_	In the report that accompanied the map, the party's geographer Edwin James wrote of the region:
_	State Representative Stephen Nass (R-Whitewater), Chairman of the Assembly Colleges and Universities Committee, expressed outrage at the report that the Vice Chancellor is being allowed to "double dip" by retiring and then being re-hired for his position.
_	However in 1439 the report that Seacourt parish church had collapsed stated also that all but two of the houses in the village were ruined and uninhabited.
_	During the flight, Bundy and others received binders of materials, including a draft of the report that they were to prepare afterwards.
_	Despite the report that Abdul-Hadi spoke several regional languages, several of the charges against Abdul Zahir stem from him serving as a translator for Abdul-Hadi.
_	At 2:50 a.m. came the report that the Spanish fleet was some 15 miles distant.
_	Johnson confirmed the report that following month and the film, "", was released on December 15, 2017 to positive critical reviews, but increasingly negative fan reaction that has divided the Star Wars fan base.
_	Doug then invites them both to the report that is being held in front of his next-door neighbor and husband to Mayor Dink, Bud Dink's (also played by Newman) house about Herman and the pollution and hopes to get back at Guy.
_	The original account of this story is included in the report that the Augustinian Fray Jerónimo de Santisteban, travelling with the Villalobos' expedition, wrote for the Viceroy of New Spain, while in Kochi during the voyage home.
_	Ibn-al-Athir forwarded the report that it was Judas, the betrayer, while also mentioning the possibility it was a man named Natlianus.
_	The video had been recorded by the representative of the Coalition, who also signed the report that explained it in the official tally sheet.
_	Andrew McLellan insisted repeatedly since he was commissioned to write the report that its remit did not include naming any guilty individuals, or analysing the church's denial of wrongdoing.
_	Territorial U.S. Indian Agent Garland Hurt, in the days following the massacre, sent a translator to investigate, who returned on September 23 with the report that Paiutes attacked the emigrants and after being repulsed three time the Mormons tricked the wagon train members into surrender and killed them all.
_	On corruption in public life, Judge Mahon stated in the report that: "It continued because nobody was prepared to do enough to stop it.
_	Their final report came to the conclusion that it was impossible to say with any certainty where the gas that had caused the explosion had originated from (although Fryar dissented from this finding by means of a rider, stating in the report that in his opinion there was enough evidence to conclude that the gas had originated in a seam of coal underneath the mine shaft floor), and that no blame could be apportioned to any party for the circumstances which had led to the accident.
_	Blair, who had been repeatedly under fire for the "sexing-up" allegations, told the House of Commons in the debate following the release of the report that he had been completely exonerated.
_	Castro sent a trusted officer, Manuel Ochoa, to assess the Venezuelan guerrillas, and the report that he brought was negative, which effectively ended Cuba's intervention in Venezuelan affairs.
_	With sunrise came the report that weather at Leyte was so foul that no Combat Air Patrol (CAP) could come out.
_	Bullock also wrote in the report that "CAI's mission is worthwhile and important," and "Its accomplishments, driven by the vision and dedication of Mortenson, are significant – as even their harshest critics acknowledge."
_	It has been suggested in the report that strict departmental action should be taken against registrar Sher Alam, director administration Peer Asfandyar, chief security officer Inayatullah Afridi, provost Fayaz Ali Shah, chief proctor professor Idrees, director sports professor Farooq and assistant registrar Humyaun for their incompetence.
_	The auditor needs to check if the report that has been sent (and received) is complete and in time.
_	Riders included in the report that doped during their Rabobank tenure include Denis Menchov, Michael Boogerd, Michael Rasmussen, and Levi Leipheimer.
_	Additional controversy surrounded the report that HSUS had received a $50,000 grant from Michael Vick's team, the Philadelphia Eagles.
_	But on account of the great forces which the enemy had collected, and the report that the Samnites were coming to their assistance, a dictator was appointed, Publius Cornelius Rufinus.
_	The ACRBR also points out there are statements in the report that do not accord with the standard view of science, and the report does not provide a reasonable account of why we should reject the standard view in favour of the views espoused in the report.
_	As early as the Manchurian Incident, the mass media uncriticially spread the report that the Chinese had caused the explosion, attacking Japan's rights and interests, and therefore the Japanese must defend their rights, even at great sacrifice.
_	After the closure of Studebaker's factory on December 20, 1963, "Competition Press" reported: "Avantis will no longer be manufactured and contrary to the report that there are thousands gathering dust in South Bend warehouses, Studebaker has only five Avantis left.
_	Arlington National Cemetery officials said in the report that they believed these problems were minor, such as typos in names or dates of death, and that another six months would be needed before these discrepancies could be resolved.
_	With the report that more than 30 Canadians have joined ISIL in Syria and more than 100 people have joined in other countries like Yemen, Pakistan, and Afghanistan, CNN is portraying ISIL as something that gives an individual "identity and purpose" for youth Muslims.
_	Desai was co-convenor with Angana P. Chatterji of an IPT team that investigated communal violence in Orissa over a 20-month period in 2005/2006 and co-editor of the report that presented the findings.
_	Minkow had revealed in the report that he was betting for the stock to go down.
_	However, Omar bin Laden's divorce allegations were confirmed by Qatar's Gulf News with the report that a disagreement about the adoption of a surrogate child led to the dissolution of his second marriage.
_	It is forecast in the report that demand for journeys towards London can be met up to 2016 by increased service levels; three trains each hour will be needed to the west of England.
_	Little is known about al-Zahar's early life beyond the fact that he was born in Gaza City in 1945, and the report that he was born to a Palestinian father and an Egyptian mother.
_	Wilson noted in the report that all the panel's estimates on murder rates supported Lott's conclusion on the effect of RTC on murder.
_	She revealed from the report that, in November, 2005, Rodriguez had choked and thrown her to the floor and, within hours, Santiago had miscarried.
_	In 2015, he was co-author of the report that launched the Global Apollo Programme, which calls for developed nations to commit to spending 0.02% of their GDP for 10 years, to fund co-ordinated research to make carbon-free baseload electricity less costly than electricity from coal by the year 2025.
_	Later that day, the report that Jacob ended up receiving came from Joseph's brothers who brought before him a coat laden with blood.
_	Next year in 2014, ITR, Research Company mentioned in the report that Beat Communication is the leading top company in the field of enterprise social networking industry in Japan followed by Microsoft the second.
_	He receives the report that Nicholas was missing and he finds him with Santa Claus thinking that he was the imposter.
_	Jones declared "I have never accepted the report that my husband died of a heart attack."
_	In this way, Nokia was banking on the Idea of the report that music could be used to drive customer acquisition at that time rather than data revenues for the time, as mentioned in the report from Strategy Analytics.
_	The CEO stated in the report that all but $65 million would be covered by insurance and that the figure did not include lost revenue from the pipelines that have been shutdown.
_	"Nordlys" journalist Skjalg Fjellheim stated after the report that while he had applauded the documentary program at the time, he now characterized it as fiction.
_	Considered apocryphal is the report that his dying words were , or ("You have won, Galilean"), supposedly expressing his recognition that, with his death, Christianity would become the Empire's state religion.
_	Answering questions of the German sports magazine "kicker" Ismael said the report that was published by the German tabloid Bild, the following: ""That's not quite true.
_	Bârseanu wrote in the report that the book is "conducted after a well determined plan and gives us valuable information about a land little known.
_	Jocasta from the report that the armies of the brothers are drawn up against each other in battle array, is summoned hastily.
_	Anthony Daquin, former security advisor involved in the modernization of the Venezuelan identity system stated in the report that the Venezuelan government will "be able to issue the Venezuelan document without any problem, from the University of Computer Sciences, because they have the equipment and supplies, including polycarbonate sheets, electronic signature that goes into passports and encryption certificates, which are those that allow the chip to be read at the airports".
_	In 2018, the Westpac Banking Corporation in Australia revealed contactless payment statistics from 2017 and claimed in the report that contactless payments approached saturation point by being used in over 90% of purchases.
_	In late December, a report surfaced that the vessel had arrived at Cartagena safely, but this report was apparently in error, possibly generated by the arrival of the report that Gerry had mailed before leaving Aspinwall at the end of September.
_	When asked about the report that Dr. Barth Green had made the day before in which Green stated that Everett would most likely walk out of the hospital, Cappuccino said that it was just an opinion and that walking out of the hospital was "not a realistic goal" at this point.
_	Even though this committee heard from Métis from Ontario, Québec, New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, it did not take their testimony into account in the report that it published in 2013.
_	It is noted in the report that his colleagues understood his intention to deal harshly with corruption was serious and his commitment to the anti-corruption became his trademark within the Soviet Union.
_	Another common detail was the report that many of the missing women were last seen with a woman called Sakina.
_	MacDonald has disputed the report that he has called for Jewish quotas and Jewish taxation, saying this was a hypothetical scenario taken out of context.
_	This may be attributed to the report that of excess capacity are needed to compensate for a natural decline in availability.
_	"Criminology 09" featuring Ghostface Killah, and "Rock Stars" featuring Inspectah Deck and GZA were the only songs listed in the report that did not make the final line-up.
_	The Letchworth staff claimed in the report that there was a scarcity of food, water, and other necessary supplies but that was not the case.
_	SLMM suddenly contacted the Tigers and asked them about the report that one of their ships was operating off the northeast coast.
_	It was not until late August that Dirksen finally saw the report that Wohlthat had given Göring his return to Berlin in late July.
_	Schlesinger did, however, point out in this section of the report that the National Security Act of 1947 did say that CIA would "coordinate 'the intelligence activities' of the Government under the direction of the National Security Council".
_	Usi notes in the report that the industry only hires college graduates, leaving little to no chance for people with moderate skills and no college degrees to take part in the industry's growth.
_	The Copyright Office concluded in the report that there were not adequate economic or copyright policy justifications to warrant adopting "droite de suite" at the federal level.
_	Alex Fishman, dean of Israeli military correspondents, criticized these claims and said "There isn't a shred of substance to the report that extremist elements will put up violent resistance to IDF soldiers aboard the flotilla.
_	In March 2010, a newspaper reported that an unnamed American scientist had convinced one of the authors of the report that the report's comparison of the relative magnitude of emissions from transportation versus the meat production industry was flawed, because it was based on different calculations of each sector's emissions:
_	In the report that followed the Committee appreciated the efforts of the Ukrainian authorities to reduce the number of people kept in the pretrial detention centers, but pointed out certain serious problems.
_	In the report that followed, it was suggested that mercenaries from Project Lock had planned assassinations of ANC members and that mercenaries had been running training camps in the wildlife reserves, training fighters from the anti-communist groups UNITA and Renamo.
_	The government had not realised that the position for women was as bad as that of the children and was so shocked by the report that legislation was passed almost immediately, The Mines Act of 1842, which made it illegal for mine owners to employ women or children under the age of 10 years, underground.
_	David Jones, writing in the "Daily Mail", expressed surprise that Diego Garcia went entirely unmentioned on every page of the unclassified summary, and speculated that pressure from UK security agencies caused the portions of the report that covered CIA prisoner facilities on the island to remain classified.
_	(Note the scheduled arrival time would have been 4:04 pm which accords more with the statement in the report that fire engines arrived within 4 minutes and the first ambulance at 4:10, but in any case this is not relevant to the accident as excessive speed was not considered as a cause).
_	Another U.S. official said of the report that there was "no evidence" that he was among the captors.
_	It was also noted in the report that “pupils across the school are making good progress.”
_	Theophrastus is perhaps the first classical author to mention bdellium, if the report that came back from his informant in Alexander's expedition refers to "Commiphora wightii":
_	However, a contemporary Jewish communication does not corroborate the report that Jews were actually inside of the Synagogue when it was set fire.
_	The Schertz Police, who attended to the incident, stated in the report that Salem died in a freak accident.
_	It was rediscovered by the Swedish chemist Jörgen Lehmann upon the report that the tuberculosis bacterium avidly metabolized salicylic acid.
_	Mountstevens has said following the release of the report that she was considering a takeover of the area's fire service.
_	Mackellar had been chosen as president of a Royal Commission to investigate causes of the decline of the birth rate; he was largely responsible for the report that was issued.
_	The overwhelming majority view of scientists with expertise in climate change is that errors, when found, are corrected, and the issues as identified do not undermine the conclusions of the report that the climate system is warming in response to increased levels of greenhouse gases, largely due to human activities.
_	For example, Admiral Kimmel did not receive the report that an enemy midget submarine was being attacked until after the bombs began falling, and did not receive the first official notification of the attack until several hours after the attack ended.
_	In a speech in 1937, Amy Johnson teased Dorothy: "amidst much laughter she then called upon Miss Spicer to admit or deny the report that she held every licence that it was possible to hold".
_	In 2015, he was co-author of the report that launched the Global Apollo Programme, which calls for developed nations to commit to spending 0.02% of their GDP for 10 years, to fund co-ordinated research to make carbon-free baseload electricity less costly than electricity from coal by the year 2025.
_	Just before their report was published the committee received evidence which caused to add to the report that the topic required further investigation.
_	In 2015, he was co-author of the report that launched the Global Apollo Programme, which calls for developed nations to commit to spending 0.02% of their GDP for 10 years, to fund co-ordinated research to make carbon-free baseload electricity less costly than electricity from coal by the year 2025.
_	On 31 July 2009, the Secretary General submitted to the General Assembly the report that it requested in November 2008.
_	On the same day, New York City's bid suffered a major setback following the report that the State of New York refused to fund West Side Stadium, a New York 2012 centrepiece.
_	Block's map and the report that accompanied it were used by the New Netherland Company (a newly formed alliance of trading companies) to win its patent, which expired on January 1, 1618.
_	TEPCO said in the report that "severe accident measures" were taken in 2002, which included "containment venting and power supply cross-ties between units," but additional measures were never put in place.
_	Jean W.Sedlar wrote that "more credible" is the report that some Romanian lords in the Olt and Argeș valleys chose as leader one of their number, a certain Basarab.
_	Anthony Daquin, former security advisor involved in the modernization of the Venezuelan identity system stated in the report that the Venezuelan government will "be able to issue the Venezuelan document without any problem, from the University of Computer Sciences, because they have the equipment and supplies, including polycarbonate sheets, electronic signature that goes into passports and encryption certificates, which are those that allow the chip to be read at the airports".
_	It was stressed in the report that the chief suspect Hannu Kailajärvi had reportedly already admitted in the questionings that the operation had been fraudulent.
_	He gets the meeting called off and Sam investigated as a possible Russian agent by including him in the report that stopped the Russian spy from murdering Beatriz.
_	Commenting on the report in the BBC article, Professor Martin Johnson, professor of nursing at the University of Salford, stated of the report that:
_	You could often find club event reports in Autosport with glowing tributes to a Gerry Marshall and then notice at the end of the report that it was written by a certain GDRM, G.Marshall or G.Maynard (his first wife's maiden name!!).
_	It was also stated in the report that the LRA is currently made up of between 300–500 fighters, with around half of them being children.
_	It is also suggested by the report that investment is also necessary in the court IT system.
_	Saunders commented, "I have had the honour of leading the old Ontario dog around the world on a chain of translations and rejoice in the report that he has become quite a propagandist for humanitarianism".
_	The basis (single-unit) of designation and the level (vulnerable) assigned was in contrast to the range of designations including "endangered" for some of the 10 management (sub) units addressed in the report that COSEWIC had commissioned from Dr. K.N.I.
_	The Education Ministry said in response to the report that a decision has already been made to abandon this allocation method.
_	A recommendation of the report that all British-registered civil passenger-carrying aircraft of more than all-up weight should be equipped with cockpit voice recorders resulted in their fitting becoming mandatory on larger British-registered airliners from 1973.
_	However, the report that took 20 months to finalise remains an important document with its forward-looking strategies to support Singapore's greying population.
_	It was the report that he wrote about the failure of the Quebec Bridge in 1907 that first earned him recognition in the field of bridge design engineering.
_	He explained later in regards to the report that the summary of the report had been released first, which attracted a large amount of media attention.
_	He stated in the report that soldiers could, "receive counselling as their lives had been disrupted at the time of the struggle for the democracy," as well as educate veterans, wanting to, "provide entrepreneurial training for those interested in taking up business careers."
_	David Jones, writing in the "Daily Mail", expressed surprise that Diego Garcia went entirely unmentioned on every page of the unclassified summary, and speculated that pressure from UK security agencies caused the portions of the report that covered CIA prisoner facilities on the island to remain classified.
_	Acts 14:20 Only h and G67, in the report that the disciples gathered around Paul after he was stoned and cast out of the city.
_	After FTC has completed the investigation, it issued the "KidsCom Letter" - the report that the data collection and use practices were indeed subject to legal action.
_	Swedlund wrote in the preface to the report that Sweden needed protection and countermeasures against those new weapons, and needed to acquire the most appropriate and feasible ones for Sweden itself.
_	During his absence on this mission of love and kindness, his enemies spread the report that he had left to organize another war.
_	Allan stated in the report that the project's success depends on continual yearly oil price increases, by about $3/barrel.
_	At Old Man's Cave, Wendell hears the report that the villagers found Lucius Down alive.
_	In the November 2002 issue of "Biblical Archaeology Review", André Lemaire of the Sorbonne University in Paris published the report that an ossuary bearing the inscription "Ya'aqov bar Yosef achui d'Yeshua" ("James son of Joseph brother of Jesus") had been identified belonging to a collector, Oded Golan.
_	Buyun Pir Hasan, one of Qasim Khan's Amirs, having heard of the invasion of the Uzbeks, advanced against them with his own army; he spread the report that Qasim Khan was approaching and had let himself be seen in the distance.
_	Storrvik read from the report that "The limitations on visits at the time of the inspection [by the Parliamentary Ombudsman] seemed quite strict".
_	It was noted in the report that this term is being used in informal conversations of Azerbaijani officials to describe generous gifts to foreign politicians.
_	The papers were quickly and officially declared as government observed after going through the report that recommendations made by the judicial tribunal could not be fully implemented.
_	Later on it was concluded from the report that the situation only had become better while Barfoed was in office, and that the problems was dating back to former Minister of Food, Agriculture and Fisheries Ritt Bjerregaard.
_	The Housing Minister at the time of the tabling the report, Isaac Herzog (Labour), said following the release of the report that every expense earmarked for the settlements would subsequently need the approval of the Ministry's director-general.
_	Col. Edward Carrington joined the command, with the report that boats had been secured, and secreted along the Dan River in Virginia, so as to be collected on a few hours' warning.
_	Garcia later claimed that a summary of the report that "was" released misrepresents his findings.
_	Later, after his release from the German prisoner-of-war camp at Murnau in 1945, Pilecki prepared a version of the report that was over 100 pages long.
_	The program included the release of the report that would "provide global estimates of income and wealth inequality drawing on the latest evidence gathered in WID.world" [and ] "discuss implications for future research and the global policy debate on rising inequality".
_	It was noted in the report that there was an apparent widespread DVR technical error, caused by television listings mistakenly carrying information pertaining to the previous episode, broadcast at 9:00 p.m. on January 26.
_	A Medication Administration Record or MAR (eMAR for electronic versions) is the report that serves as a legal record of the drugs administered to a patient at a facility by a health care professional.
_	Shelby was motivated by the report that U.S. President Abraham Lincoln wanted the Habsburg emperor Maximilian, I, driven out of Mexico, and Shelby proposed to join forces with Benito Juarez for that purpose.
_	"Seven News" reporter Mark Riley appeared on "Sunrise" and many other radio shows defending the claims and the report that aired.
_	This is his interpretation of a puzzling passage in the account of Ibn Bibi, where he states that Sultan Kaykawus was at Sivas when messengers arrived with the report that Alexis had crossed the border and seized territory belonging to the Sultan—when there was no point to this action.
_	They agreed on the principles set out in the report that a central body should be formed for certain London-wide matters and a number of smaller local authorities below it.
_	The Home Secretary named Linstead to the Wolfenden Committee investigation prostitution and homosexuality in 1954; Linstead endorsed the conclusions of the report that male homosexuality be decriminalised, and criticised the government for not bringing in legislation.
_	Verschuer also noted in the report that the war conditions had made it difficult for the KWIfA to procure "twin materials" for study, and that Mengele's unique position at Auschwitz offered a special opportunity in this respect.
_	It was after the release of the report that Dowd was convinced that Mitchell had done a good job.
_	According to the report that was carried out by interviewing 2,170 young people aged 16 to 25 48% of individuals suffered insomnia, depression and panic attacks due to being unemployed and that individuals were twice as likely to self-harm or suffer panic attacks if they had been unemployed for over a year.
_	It was stated in the report that Bill Snyder terminated the hiring of Leavitt, because he wants his son, former player, Iowa (1988) and Kansas State (1990-1992), and current Kansas State Special Teams Coordinator Sean Snyder, as he has stated constantly since he left as head coach at the end of the 2005 season.
_	It is also mentioned in the report that 93% of members of pro-presidential parties and only 14% of opposition party members were approved to be included in precinct electoral committees.
_	It is mentioned in the report that as a result of these actions around 30% of population, which is in opposition with the policies of authorities, is practically not represented in the system of local councils.
_	When the Condon Committee issued its final report in 1969, Dr. Condon wrote in the foreword to the report that, based on the committee's investigations, his conclusion was that there was nothing unusual about UFO reports; thus further scientific research into the UFO phenomenon was not worthwhile and should be discouraged.
_	Young-min claimed that he was not free, and talked about the report that they have to hand in.
_	It was also noted in the report that the ethnic rights protection law of 2015 would broaden the rights of all ethnic minorities in Myanmar.
_	This followed the report that he had visited Scores in September 2003 with "New York Post" editor Col Allan and Labor back bencher Warren Snowdon.
_	An investigation led by former U.S. Attorney General Richard Thornburgh, who was retained by the Paterno family to review the Freeh report, concluded that the report that placed so much blame on Penn State and Paterno was a "rush to injustice" that could not be relied upon.
_	Isom noted in the report that both homicides and burglaries remain problems in the city.
