_	However, when Li Siyuan made the request that Li Congke be sent back to Taiyuan, Li Cunxu was angered by what he saw as an overly daring request, and not only denied it but demoted Li Congke to be the commander of raiding troops, stationing him at Shimen Base (石門鎮, in modern Tangshan, Hebei).
_	In 1893, Montagu presented on behalf of the "Lovers of Zion" in England a petition in favour of Jewish colonisation in Palestine to the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, with the request that he forward it to the Turkish Sultan.
_	Originally, known just as Satani or Sattada or Chattada or Chatadi, the 1932 Census Report of Mysore stated that "the request that the name 'Satani' to be changed to Sattada Sri Vaishnava could not be accepted because Sri Vaishnava is the name of a distinctive group of Brahmins and Satani community is not generally treated as a Brahmin community.
_	In January 2007, the American officer donated the album to the USHMM, with the request that his identity not be disclosed.
_	He had previously been approached, on several occasions, by representatives of the regime, with the request that he lead an "independent Romanian Latin-rite Church, with no ties to the Vatican" which he adamantly refused.
_	A Philadelphia firm, which had done work for the Navy in the field of United States Naval Academy class rings, was approached by the Bureau of Navigation with the request that it design a suitable badge.
_	In 1997, George Dunlap's daughter, Audrey Dunlap Wilcox, donated the home, now featuring , to the Sacramento Children's Home with the request that it be used to help the families in Oak Park.
_	He left his money to The Prince's Trust, with the request that the income was used to help young people become established in farming.
_	After seeing the Grail, Galahad, however, makes the request that he may die at the time of his choosing.
_	One special element in Viscount Leverhulme's legacy is the request that the Trustees all be drawn from the highest levels within Lever Brothers or now from its descendant Unilever plc.
_	There, the Jordanian Broadcasting Authority (JBA) employed her with the request that she sing in the Bedouin dialect.
_	The mob, urged on from behind hedges etc. by a number of women and children, advanced rather respectfully, and with their hats in their hands, to demand increase of wages, but would not listen to the request that they would disperse.
_	Allegedly, she had approached the Führer with the request that she wanted to devote herself not only to the SS men, but also to the prisoners and their relatives.
_	This contained the Queen's annotations on the manuscript with the request that passages of particular concern be removed.
_	In 1964, she donated 230 dolls with the request that admission never be charged to view the dolls.
_	In June 1301 he was Auditor in the request that the Cathedral of Sagunto be transferred from regular to secular clergy.
_	No army dared to challenge him in the field, and the Achaean oligarchies therefore acquiesced to the request that they be allied to Thebes.
_	The designs arrived on July 15, 1936, and were approved two days later, with the request that the head of the pioneer on the obverse, in three-quarter view (facing forward and to one side) as submitted by Rovelstad, be in profile instead.
_	After using the parcel throughout her life as her private home, Margery Adams bequeathed the home and property to the Illinois Audubon Society with the request that the Society occupy and maintain the property as a private wildlife refuge.
_	Lynne passed the stole to Anita with the request that she pass it to the next ordained from the Extraordinary Candidacy Project (now, Extraordinary Lutheran Ministries) roster.
_	As "Literary Remains" some of his writings were published in two volumes (London, 1879), but his papers were left to the India Office with the request that they were not to be published until 1920.
_	Israel communications referring to alleged violations by Jordan of the General Armistice Agreement have been addressed to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, with the request that they should be circulated to the members of the Security Council.
_	On his return to Liverpool, he was handed an empty cigarette packet with Scott's telephone number written on it, and the request that he help the nascent Space record a demo.
_	This fund was placed in the hands of Capt. Phelps and Barnard Romance, with the request that they should go north and press forward this project.
_	Afterward, the Constitution was presented to the Articles of Confederation Congress with the request that it afterwards be submitted to a convention of delegates, chosen in each State by the people, for their assent and ratification.
_	Sondheim asked him to inscribe it, and said later about the request that it was "weird ... it's like asking your father to inscribe something".
_	She was so unhappy with the request that she wanted to quit the show after only two days.
_	The Boston Post Canes were given to the Selectmen with the request that the canes be presented in a ceremony to the town's oldest living man.
_	Castellano pressed the request that the Italian territory be defended from the inevitable reaction of the German Wehrmacht against Italy after the signing.
_	Lakshmi asked that Vishnu be freed from the request that he live in Bali's palace.
_	He died soon after in 1941 and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery with the request that his body be returned to Poland 'only when his country is independent once more'.
_	The following year (1946), Juliana donated another 20,500 bulbs, with the request that a portion of these be planted at the grounds of the Ottawa Civic Hospital where she had given birth to Margriet.
_	The property was bequeathed to the Diocese by James Denton Toosey, one of the Trustees appointed after the College's closure at Bishopsbourne in 1856, with the request that it be used if possible for the revival of Christ College.
_	According to local tradition, supported by an old handwritten document preserved in the Gurdwara, one Bhag Ram, a jhivar of Lehal, waited upon ninth guru of Sikhs Guru Tegh Bahadur during his sojourn at Saifabad (now Bahadurgarh), and made the request that he might be pleased to visit and bless his village so that its inhabitants could be rid of a serious and mysterious sickness which had been their bane for a long time.
_	The Identifier and Sequence Number can be used by the client to match the reply with the request that caused the reply.
_	Guthrie accepted the assignment with the request that he would be allowed to engineer the record himself.
_	In early 2006, recognizing his comparisons to Anderson, he made the request that he be called "The Canadian Enforcer" from that point onward, and began coming to the ring in sequined robes reminiscent of the flashy style popularized by the Four Horsemen and Rick Rude in the late 1980s.
_	Those participating in WNBR, operate in a distinctly different context and respect the request that the two events stay separate.
_	According to local tradition, supported by an old handwritten document preserved in the Gurdwara, one Bhag Ram, a jhivar of Lehal, waited upon ninth guru of Sikhs Guru Tegh Bahadur during his sojourn at Saifabad (now Bahadurgarh), and made the request that he might be pleased to visit and bless his village so that its inhabitants could be rid of a serious and mysterious sickness which had been their bane for a long time.
_	The very successful recordings were heard by the BBC who approached Marais with the request that he translate and perform the songs for British audiences.
_	In the video, Trump's speeches and actions –mostly from his election campaign– are imitated and mocked by voice actor Greg Shapiro, who gives a short description of the Netherlands using some self-mockery as well, finishing with the request that the Netherlands may come 'second' if America is to be 'first'.
_	Schoenberg received the commission for "Picture Studies" in November 2011 from the Kansas City Symphony and the Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art, with the request that he write "a 21st-century "Pictures at an Exhibition"" based on pieces from their collection.
_	On 22 March 2002 he was made the patron for Polish scouts after the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments approved the request that had been lodged in 1999.
_	Patterson said his decision came from his desires "to protect my family as much as I can", "to contribute to harmony within the Southern Baptist Convention", and "to respond to the request that has come especially from you and other Southern Baptist leadership".
_	In 1748, Henri-Louis Duhamel du Monceau offered a collection of models of ships and naval installations to Louis XV of France, with the request that the items be displayed at the Louvre and made available to students of the Naval engineers school, which Duhamel headed.
_	But the request that the measurement last only a very short time implies that the energy spread of the state in which reduction occurs becomes increasingly large.
_	"Now Belisarius made the request that he should receive back his proper office and, upon being designated General of the East, should again lead the Roman army against Chosroes and the Medes, but Antonina would have none of it; for she maintained that she had been insulted by him in those regions, and never would he again set eyes upon them."
_	Frombald concludes his report on the case with the request that, in case these actions were found to be wrong, he should not be blamed for them, as the villagers were "beside themselves with fear".
_	Thus, in 1981 the state government granted Donaueschingen the request that the source in Furtwangen should no longer be labelled "Donauquelle" in official maps.
_	Chamberlain later rose to become Secretary for the Colonies in 1902, and Greenberg felt he could approach him with the request that he give the Jewish people a homeland, somewhere in the British Empire, preferably in what is now Israel.
_	OCSP allows a nonce to be included in the request that may be included in the corresponding response.
_	In 1084/85 Kazelin gifted to his overlord, the patriarch , his lands at Mosach (Moggio) with the request that a Benedictine Monastery be built there.
_	The OSI collaborated with the Free Software Foundation and together they updated a version of the request that they have sent to the US Department of Justice.
_	Pavia’s career representing professional mixed martial artists began on May 9, 2005 when he was approached by former UFC heavyweight champion Ricco Rodriguez with the request that Pavia assume his representation.
_	In 1896, the Eagles had taken on a business partner, Sellus M. Crisp, and when the business, on behalf of the community, applied for a post office with the request that the community be named "Eagles," it was on Eagles & Crisp Mercantile business stationery.
_	Her will directed that most of her collection of geological specimens should be donated to the London Natural History Museum, with any material not wanted there to be passed to the Manchester Museum, with the request that her material should be labelled as belonging to the "Caroline Birley Collection".
_	He donated $12,500 to build the hospital, with the request that it be named after his wife.
_	The Director of Central Intelligence advise the National Security Council of the security implications inherent in the flying saucer problem with the request that, under his statutory coordinating authority, The Director of Central Intelligence be empowered to institute through the appropriate agencies, either within or without the government, the investigation and research necessary to solve the problem of instant positive identification of "unidentified flying objects".
_	Foote forwarded their recommendation to Secretary of the Navy, Gideon Welles with the request that temporary command be given to Captain Charles Davis, as Acting Flag Officer.
_	This can include an indication of the interrogator transmitting the All-Call with the request that if the aircraft has already replied to this interrogator then do not reply again as aircraft is already known and a reply unnecessary.
_	They are also included in event packets to indicate the sequential number of the request that the server is currently processing or has just finished processing.
_	The Spaniards having refused to cross at the invitation of Ribault, a French sailor swam over to them, and came back immediately in an Indian canoe, bringing the request that Ribault send over someone authorized to state what he wanted.
_	Robertson even modeled Spider’s ex-wife on his own wife, operating under the request that if she was drawn into the book, she didn’t want the character to be anything like herself.
_	The Strategic Air Command Consultation Committee presented the Omaha Trophy to the Strategic Air Command (SAC) in 1971 on behalf of the citizens of Omaha, Nebraska, with the request that it be awarded annually to the outstanding SAC wing; the award later grew to include four different categories, including Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Command, Strategic Aircraft Operations Command, Strategic Space and Information Operations Command, and Submarine Ballistic Missile Command.
_	He never married, and upon his death left a fortune with the request that a hospital and school for the poor should be built.
_	Upon the arrival of the British, rather than making an expected war-like statement, the old soldier merely made the request that newly freed foreign workers should be "kept from stealing his chickens".
_	Council approved a resolution in support of the request that was then forwarded to the U.S. Postal Service.
_	The Ricardian Contract is free of any intellectual property restrictions, other than the request that any implementations cite the author and link to the paper.
_	Within several days, Ricordi approached Verdi with the request that he would like to visit Sant' Agata "with a friend" in September.
_	His will also granted rights to his collection of unpublished songs to friends Avery Corman and Wendy Wasserstein with the request that they incorporate them into a new musical.
_	When George became King, he authorised the demolition of Carlton House, with the request that the replacement be a residential area.
_	Salcedo was alarmed at American incursions into Spanish territory; he went so far as to send a party to the Pawnees bearing lavish gifts, with the request that they capture American interlopers and bring them to Santa Fe.
_	In addition, sponsor Philip Morris made the request that Lucy not be seen smoking during the pregnancy episodes.
_	Srirwenda bequeathed his properties to the Public Trustee, with the request that the castle was converted to a children’s home.
_	Around 1520, King Levan of Kakheti, who had recently recovered his father's kingdom in eastern Georgia from the occupation by his cousin, David X of Kartli, and was then besieged by David's army in a fortress at Maghrani, clandestinely dispatched emissaries to Mamia with the request that he send military aid and also his daughter in marriage to cement the alliance.
_	Significant past gifts to the University include the Seven Society Carillon in the UVA Chapel, donated in memory of deceased members of the society, and given with the request that there should be a toll of seven times seven bells on the passing of a member; a memorial to past Seven Society members who gave their lives in World War I; $17,777.77 for a loan fund in honor of University president John Lloyd Newcomb; the ceremonial mace carried in academic processions; $10,777.77 in support of the re-establishment of Homecomings; a plaque on the Rotunda honoring University students who died in the Korean War; $7,077.77 to endow the Ernest Mead Fund for the Music Library; $47,777.77 for the making of a film on the honor system; and $1 million in support of the University's South Lawn Project.
_	El instructions for the offering of sacrifices, the mustering of an army, the organizing of a military campaign to the land of King Pabel, and the request that Pabel’s daughter or granddaughter be given him as a wife.
_	Manuel offered a large sum of money to the Pope for the provision of troops, with the request that the Pope grant the Byzantine emperor lordship of three maritime cities in return for assistance in expelling William from Sicily.
_	Before nightfall FitzRoy's temper cooled and he sent an apology, with the request that Darwin "continue to live with him."
_	Sofia (Randi Ingerman), his girlfriend who receives plastic surgery, questions about the request that it doesn't deserve to take the job, but he pursues to fulfill his father's will.
_	During his convalescence, a delegation of Indigenous from a nearby town, Tlacolula, arrived with the request that he compose a waltz in honor of the Virgin Mary, patron of their town.
_	His overlord appointed him as hetman over the newly gained regions, in 1680 or 1681, after much bribery strained the Moldavian treasury as much as the request that Ducas had placed on the taxed categories that they contribute to his daughter's dowry.
_	Bush was commissioned to write the song, with the request that it make reference to the lead character, Lyra Belacqua.
_	The Indians then approached Governor James Grimes with the request that they be allowed to purchase back some of their original land.
_	At this time Yakub Beg, as the separatist anti-Chinese leader of Yarkand and Kashgar, in order to establish relations between the territories occupied by his army and India, had sent an envoy to the viceroy with the request that a British officer might be deputed to visit him.
_	McLardy approached a surprised Abwehr officer at Schildberg with the request that he might join the Waffen-SS.
_	While he admitted that the "notes for the guidance of the faithful" that Cardinal Ratzinger mentioned as still valid in his letter to Bishop Boland were severe condemnations, he saw in the request that a disclaimer of supernatural origin be inserted in the volumes an implicit permission to publish them if accompanied by that disclaimer.
_	Israel communications referring to alleged violations by Jordan of the General Armistice Agreement have been addressed to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, with the request that they should be circulated to the members of the Security Council.
_	He died later that year and was buried with great honor, but at the request that Hao himself had made prior to his death, submitted by his son Hao Beisou (郝北叟), not with great amount of material.
_	The Park Service however denied the request that participants be able to sleep in the tents.
_	In 1520, Mamia was approached by Levan, king of Kakheti in eastern Georgia, with the request that he marry his daughter to Levan and aid the king against the encroachments of King David X of Kartli.
_	However, they recognize when a WebSocket URI is used, and insert an Origin: header into the request that indicates the origin of the script requesting the connection.
_	In January 2012, the Jerusalem Magistrate’s Court accepted the request that the suit for damages be revoked.
_	The narrative goes on to speak of "gambling in Havana", with the request that "Dad" send "lawyers, guns and money " to "get me out of this".
_	The most important resolutions adopted at that meeting were one that deprecated the granting of a "get" (religious divorce document) to—or allowing subsequent re-marriage by—people who had not first obtained a civil divorce, and the request that congregations with mostly foreign-born members "secure an English-speaking rabbi for the benefit of their American-born English-speaking children".
_	The only counselling involved in the study was the request that GPs be supportive during the consultation.
_	They sent a delegation to the emperor with the request that he provide a suitable candidate for the Holy See.
_	Donaldson concluded his report with the request that Congress hold Congressional hearings into the crash and/or request that the Justice Department appoint an Independent Counsel to investigate (neither of which happened).
_	Although the Beach Pneumatic Transit lasted for only three years, the project gave way to the New York pneumatic tube mail system, which was based on the request that Beach had made to Tweed and which ran until 1953.
_	Trust therefore campaigned vigorously against the request that was submitted to ICANN as part of the ‘African Agenda’ by AUC to reserve the .Africa name and its equivalents in other languages such as DotAfrique and DotAfrikia – arguing that such a plan would not only violate the policy of the new gTLD Program as already specified in the approved version of the Guidebook, but would also go against the governance structure of the Internet.
_	This test was created in 2002 by a group of librarians at Kent State University after the request that there needs to be an assessment test for students to determine their fluency in important sources.
_	Dean of the faculty Andrei Shutov promised to formally review the application, but said about the request that "this is a political game and the intentions of Navalny".
_	Wallace trusted Darwin's opinion on the matter and sent him his February 1858 essay, "On the Tendency of Varieties to Depart Indefinitely From the Original Type", with the request that Darwin would review it and pass it on to Charles Lyell if he thought it worthwhile.
_	The plans were sent to the head office of the Mining Association in London, with the request that an engineer be sent out to execute them.
_	Mora obtained a copy of a request by the commander of JT-170, Major General Michael Dunlavey, to Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld for authorization to apply extraordinary interrogation techniques, including "stress positions, hooding, isolation, 'deprivation of light and auditory stimuli', and use of 'detainee-individual phobias (such as fear of dogs) to induce stress; a legal brief accompanying the request that supported the legality of such techniques, by the Senior Judge Advocate to JT-170, Lieutenant Colonel Diane Beaver; and an approval of the request by Rumsfeld.
_	His last wishes included the request that his organs were to be donated but due to his ill health, only his corneas were suitable.
_	In 1772 the Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, having issued a decree forbidding burial on the day of death, the Jews in his territories approached Emden with the request that he demonstrate from the Talmud that a longer exposure of a corpse would be against the Law.
_	It was rumoured, baselessly that during Lord Liverpool's long premiership every see that fell vacant was offered to Norris, with the request that if he would not take it himself, he would recommend some one else; so he had the nickname "the Bishop-maker".
_	Army Surgeon ... with a copy of Holbein's "Dance of Death" with the request that we bind it in a piece of human skin, which he brought along."
_	The Count died in 1927, donating the house and its garden to the state, with the request that the house be used as a museum and art gallery.
_	Ten volumes of the "Economic Journal" were presented to King Edward VII, with the request that he become Patron of the Society.
_	Whenever she asks a Night Wizard to do a mission, she gives them no choice by pre-empting every mission she assigns with "For the request that I will ask you now please reply 'Okay' or 'Yes'".
_	But when Jax learns that his old Jedi Master has been killed, leaving behind the request that Jax finish a mission critical to the resistance, Jax has no choice but to emerge from hiding–and risk detection by Darth Vader–to fulfill his Master's dying wish.
_	Fortunately the Yosts kept a copy of the story, as the original manuscript had been returned to Aldous with the request that he illustrate it.
_	"All these were unanswerable arguments, and with the request that accompanied then I had long intended to comply.
_	No army dared to challenge him in the field, and the Achaean oligarchies therefore acquiesced to the request that they be allied to Thebes.
_	Some State of Tennessee money was allocated to the project, on the condition that the Tennessee State University football team move its home games there, and with the request that the incoming NFL team be named "Tennessee" (instead of "Nashville"), which the franchise was planning to do anyway, in an attempt to appeal to the broader region.
_	It was at that time that the king desired that he be made a Cardinal; Pope Martin V refused the request that Borgia be made a Cardinal.
_	In May 1952, the U.S. Navy presented the plan to Secretary of Defense Robert Lovett, with the request that he take it to President Harry Truman.
_	At the Service of Institution and induction of a new vicar, these documents, together with the new vicar, are presented by the Lieutenant Governor to the Bishop of Sodor and Man with the request that the Bishop institute the nominee of the Crown.
_	She had initially approached him with the request that he publish her first novel.
_	The debate was initiated by a Pablo Christiani, a Jewish convert to Christianity, who had been sent by the Dominican Master General, Raymond de Penyafort, to King James I of Aragon, with the request that the king order Ramban to respond to charges against Judaism.
_	It was donated with the request that the British Museum library (now the British Library) would create a philatelic collection.
_	It was submitted to a printer with the request that, before printing, the 'foot' be made to look more as though it was kicking the triangle open; the originator of the drawing had always remained unhappy with that foot and at a later opportunity the logo was amended slightly to make it less like what the originator saw as a "goose-step".
_	His remains were cremated at Golders Green Crematorium on Saturday 8 February with the request that donations to Cancer Research should be made in place of flowers.
_	Rossi returned the house to the children, with the request that they use the proceeds to better their lives.
_	There are no charges for usage of the forum, except for the request that one actively participates in any discussion to which you have a question, comment and/or contribution.
_	In his will he left the whole of the £2.5 million he had inherited to the Prince's Trust, with the request that the money be used to help young people become established in farming.
_	In early 2016, the Office of the Information Commissioner found against the council for refusing to comply with a Freedom of Information request relating to the case, stating as follows, "I find it very difficult to accept that the Council holds no records coming within the scope of the request that cannot be released to the applicant under the FOI Act.
_	But a campaign against him, spearheaded by Norman Geisler, resulted in the request that he resign.
_	His last wishes included the request that his organs were to be donated but due to his ill health, only his corneas were suitable.
_	Following a controversial recruitment process, Bercow proposed the selection of Carol Mills, then secretary of the Department of Parliamentary Services in the Parliament of Australia, for the job of Clerk of the House and Chief Executive, sending the formal nomination to the Prime Minister with the request that it be passed to the Sovereign, who makes the appointment by letters patent.
_	Coutts sent wool for sale to Jacobs, brokers of East London in the Eastern Cape, with the request that they should "do the best for me."
_	After his People's Court trial and just prior to his June 1946 execution for war crimes, Ion Antonescu met his wife one final time, handing her his watch with the request that she imagine "it is my heart beating", and never let it stop.
_	On 18 June 2011, the veterans' complaint was accepted with the Department of Defense Inspector General, adding the request that the UC-123K aircraft themselves be designated by the Secretary of Defense as "Agent Orange Exposure Sites".
_	Fearing riots, the Jewish bourgeois elite send their representatives to the governor with the request that they punish the prisoners, but do not touch the rest of the Jewish population.
_	After receiving positive feedback from the 14th Coast Guard District Commander, Admiral Prins, the Admiral's Aide, Lieutenant Gary Boyer, gave Ron creative control of the cartoon along with the request that "Bafflestir" fill a whole page in future publications of "Pacific Shield".
_	It operates a museum in her parents' house, which they purchased in 1919 and which she donated to Teningen after their deaths, with the request that it be used for a good purpose.
_	When Betty returns home to Montana, Sheriff Pat McGann (Delmar), who is in love with her, finds a picture she has of Burke in his cowboy suit, and in a fit of jealousy sends copies of it out to the other neighboring sheriffs with the request that Burke be arrested on sight.
_	In 1950, a "New York Times" columnist ascribed the phrase to economist (and army general) Leonard P. Ayres of the Cleveland Trust Company: "It seems that shortly before the General's death [in 1946]... a group of reporters approached the general with the request that perhaps he might give them one of several immutable economic truisms that he had gathered from his long years of economic study...
_	Believing that it would be too embarrassing to serve directly under Ritchie, Dorman-Smith wrote to Major-General Ross, with the request that he be moved to a new post.
_	Mori Yiḥya Yitzḥak called for a consultation about the matter, and laid out before them the complaint of the Muslims, and the request that had come to him from the king, Yahyā.
_	This achievement lead to the President of the Festival again contacting the FIAPF with the request that a competition should be included at the 1991 Festival.
_	John is also the only one to refer to the request that the legs be broken and the soldier's subsequent piercing of Jesus' side (as fulfillment of Old Testament prophecy), as well as that Nicodemus assisted Joseph with burial.
_	During these consultations, both are standing before Antoine's image: the patient expresses for a few minutes the request that he wishes to obtain, and the healer prays, sometimes while touching the consultant's shoulder or hand, presumably to convey the fluid.
_	Al-Tayeb had "broken off relations with the Vatican" during Benedict XVI's time as pope; his message of congratulations also included the request that "Islam asks for respect from the new pontiff".
_	The action was lodged at the ECJ on 10 July 1989 (as Case C-213/89) by the House of Lords with the request that it deal with the matter quickly, which it indeed did, giving the case priority over others.
_	Howard Van Horn, son of millionaire Diedrich Van Horn, comes to Ellery Queen with the request that Ellery investigate what Howard has been doing during a recent bout with amnesia.
_	In the video, Donald Trump's speeches and actions –mostly from his election campaign– are imitated and mocked by voice actor Greg Shapiro, who gives a short description of the Netherlands using some self-mockery as well, finishing with the request that the Netherlands may come 'second' if America is to be 'first'.
_	The conditions of this include the request that the collection should be in a rural setting.
_	Finally, on 31 May 2010 it was announced the Court of Arbitration for Sport upheld the appeals from WADA and the UCI and Valverde was banned for two years, starting 1 January 2010, but rejected the request that any results obtained by the athlete prior to the beginning of the suspension be annulled.
_	They bequeathed their personal collections of over 15,000 objects, to their home town with the request that a museum be formed in honor of their parents, Joseph Johnson and Mary Susan Humrickhouse.
