_	The research for a company, institute, firm, etc. is done in advance, thereby increasing the chances of a well done proposal and the reader of the proposal will have a good idea of the outcome from the research that has been done.
_	Janowitz's experiences with the war had a profound impact on the subsequent direction of his academic career: "This experience with war, with the research that war required of him and with other social scientists engaged in the war effort, crystallized Janowitz's self-identification as a social scientist".
_	Lötvall led the research that discovered RNA in exosomes, showing a new communication route between cells by the transfer of RNA via exosomes.
_	Majority of the research that supports this architecture has often referred to its ability to recognize simple schematic drawings that are selected from a small finite set (e.g., letters in the Roman alphabet).
_	This is based on the research that the indiscriminate arrest, indeterminate sentencing, military drill, and hard labor were the concrete results of their reforms.
_	She also wrote that, "No doubt, critics of this law will soon be arguing that the research that formed the basis of this evaluation is flawed and biased".
_	Edward Adelbert Doisy of Saint Louis University did much of the research that led to the discovery of the structure and chemical nature of vitamin K. Dam and Doisy shared the 1943 Nobel Prize for medicine for their work on vitamin K (K and K) published in 1939.
_	"It is evident from the research that there is scientific support for the efficacy of vision therapy in modifying and improving oculomotor, accommodative, and binocular system disorders, as measured by standardized clinical and laboratory testing methods for patients of all ages for whom it is properly undertaken and employed."
_	"Let's redo one of those old ghost comedies, but let's use the research that's being done today.
_	In the interview, she discusses the research that had to be done in order to write her bestselling novel, Kindred.
_	They have argued that it is important to use a general theory in order to be able to test the results of the research that has been conducted.
_	In 1954 and 1955, during the first of two John Simon Guggenheim Fellowships, he carried out the research that underlay "The Japanese Influence in America" (1963); a second Guggenheim, in 1963 and 1964, supported research on the architecture of Kentucky.
_	After receiving his PhD, Störmer moved to the USA to work at Bell Labs, where he carried out the research that led to his Nobel prize.
_	It was a continuation of the research that previously inspired 'Yunnan Folk Songs' (2011).
_	The state also monitors what ideas come in and not just the research that comes out.
_	She was one of the principal laboratory members conducting the research that led to the discovery of opioid receptors.
_	He combined his support for labor and love of country music in the research that became his first book, "Only a Miner".
_	Although Gurling began his career in the 1970s, one obituary of him has argued that 'it is only [since 2003] that the psychiatric establishment has begun to see the potential of the research that Gurling pioneered.'
_	Much of the research that set the foundation of genetic analysis began in prehistoric times.
_	During the 1920s, Richardson carried out the research that culminated in his famous book, "Modern Figure Skating", first published in 1930.
_	There are several strands to OxCEPT’s work besides the research that serves both the contemporary church and the academic sphere.
_	Colleagues critiqued the research that formed the basis of this book, on a number of grounds, including the following.
_	These issues bring many decades worth of clinical and theoretical concepts, as well as the research that has helped shape many types of research and therapy.
_	He then returned to Oxford as Director of the Oxford Centre for Management Studies (1971–79) and to a Research Fellowship at Nuffield College, Oxford (1979–1984), where he undertook the research that led to "Corporate Governance" (1984).
_	One study noted that because job satisfaction is specific to one’s job, the research that examined job satisfaction had not taken into account aspects of one’s life external to the job.
_	She also did the research that in 1999 led to its addition to the National Register of Historic Places, one of the few structures in the county so far to achieve that designation.
_	When publishers like MDPI disseminate research by science activists like Stephanie Seneff and her co-authors, I think it’s fair to question the credibility of all the research that MDPI publishes.
_	Mignon explained during an interview with media reporting website Last Broadcast, the research that had been carried out and the effects on the character stating: "Bridget suffers extreme physical difficulties as a result, because she's such a sporty tomboy, to be incapacitated suddenly poses emotional problems for her.
_	He realized that public opinion would be so against the research that he decided not to publish it.
_	In her book "Garvey and Garveyism", Amy alleges that a significant amount of Garvey’s speeches were a direct result of her own work; whether it be the crafting of specific lines or the research that went into it.
_	He was also a principle in the research that led to the introduction of Viagra, later creating the first department of sexual medicine in the United States.
_	They steal the research that Professor Mannfeldt had entrusted to Helius, and also burgle Helius's home, taking other valuable material.
_	Some of the research that she conducted was focused on the capacity to detect small behavioral cues, after conducting this study she came to the conclusion that women are good readers of nonverbal cues.
_	He was also instrumental in the development of the research that led to Robert and Helen Lynd's famous Middletown studies work that was conducted in the city of Muncie, Indiana, that arose out of the financially supported Institute of Social and Religious Research.
_	Blakemore has said of the research that it was directly applicable to humans, and that "[t]hanks to it, and similar research, we now know why conditions like amblyopia — the most common form of child blindness — occur and are now able to tackle it and think of ways of preventing it."
_	"Hollyoaks"' executive producer, Bryan Kirkwood spoke about how viewers should be aware that Nana McQueen (Diane Langton) suffered sexual abuse within her family, and how the research that the "Hollyoaks" team did found that abuse can in fact infiltrate generations.
_	At Kenyon College and at Oxford University, he began the research that was published as "Milton and the Christian Tradition", a classic study of John Milton's Christian theology.
_	He spend the winter semester 1814/15 giving private lecturers in natural science, and started the research that would lead to the 1818 publication "Was ist Humus, wie und auf welche Weise wirkt derselbe als ernährendes Mittel für die Pflanzen?"
_	Sigmund Freud, Joseph Breuer, and Pierre Janet continued with the research that Charcot began on hysteria.
_	Lee describes the research that is guiding this shift, with a focus on developing the ability to engage in argumentative writing:
_	Kai Hibbard (born August 23, 1978) is an American activist, social worker, writer, and former reality TV participant, who spoke out about the negative ways in which appearing on The Biggest Loser affected her physical and mental health, along with highlighting the research that shows it also negatively affects viewers.
_	The documentary, shot prior to the opening of the country’s borders in 2011, takes advantage of a unique archive of rare photos, manuscripts, footage and training documents assembled from the research that took the director close to two decades to compile.
_	He performed the research that lead to his PhD within the Theory and Computational Science department at Daresbury Laboratory.
_	The bulk of the research that defends the oil sands development is done by the Regional Aquatics Monitoring Program (RAMP).
_	Licklider was instrumental in conceiving, funding and managing the research that led to modern personal computers and the Internet.
_	Every two years, MSI asks the Board of Trustees to provide input to help set priorities for the research that will guide activities for the next few years.
_	Of the 14 Limousins tested during the research that led to the discovery of the F94L variant, 12 cattle were homozygous for the variant and two were heterozygous.
_	Thorne initiated the research that led Saint John High to become the first accredited International Baccalaureate school in New Brunswick.
_	Mathers also highly commended the research that went into the book.
_	In 1988, Dr. Eric Beerman reviewed the research that had been done on Cabeza de Vaca, and did not discover any information that this explorer had any direct descendants.
_	The journalist Matt Ridley, writing in "" (1993), argued that Symons's ideas about the evolution of gender differences had revolutionary implications, since "the overwhelming majority of the research that social scientists had done on human sexuality was infused with the assumption that there are no mental differences" between the sexes.
_	The benefit-cost ratio is estimated by the USDA at 12:1, and the research that built the program will be used in other projects.
_	After six decades of action research development, many methods have evolved that adjust the balance to focus more on the actions taken or more on the research that results from the reflective understanding of the actions.
_	Williamson then asked the charity's representative, to cite the research that supported the charity's claim.
_	He was particularly noted for the thoroughness of the research that he conducted in preparation for his broadcasts.
_	He was a past president of the British Fertility Society and supported the research that led to the birth in 1978 of Louise Brown, the first test-tube baby.
_	Senior illustrator Doug Drexler was involved in the design; he had previously worked on the research that went into re-creating parts of "The Original Series" era USS "Enterprise" for the "" episode "Trials and Tribble-ations", as well as a set which was exhibited in Hyde Park in London.
_	Their prevalence as a pest has prompted much of the research that has been done on the moth.
_	Ideally, the research that begins in an HNRS class may lead eventually to an Honors Thesis under the direction of the faculty member.
_	In it, she divides American instruction into "child-centered" and "teacher-centered" approaches, suggesting that the 20th century was dominated by the former (discovery approaches) in spite of the research that supported a later theory (explicit teaching).
_	He was so intrigued with these relationships that he was able to use the research that he gathered in a high school science fair project in his Ph.D. thesis.
_	Much of the research that can be found on tutoring programs is implemented in kindergarten, or first grade, through the third grade.
_	However, in an interview at Epsom Downs, Christopher Tsui said that his mother, Ling, a special adviser to the Ministry of Labour for the Chinese Government, studies pedigrees and breeding patterns and does all the research that has led to the family's racing success.
_	University interpretation and up-to-date understanding of export control regulations and willingness to seek opinions from the U.S. State Department affect the research that can be conducted on their campuses; for example, the University of Michigan successfully obtained an opinion from the Department of State stating that satellite development work on an (at the time) ITAR-controlled satellite being conducted by a student group containing both U.S. and non-U.S. citizens was considered fundamental research and was allowed to proceed.
_	During this period Tod conducted most of the research that he would later publish.
_	In 1986, as an Associate Professor of Nuclear Engineering, he was appointed Executive Director of the MIT Commission on Industrial Productivity, and led the research that culminated in the publication of "Made in America: Regaining the Productive Edge" (MIT Press, 1989.)
_	The chief research officer (CRO), research officer, or research director, is a job title commonly given to the most senior executive in an enterprise responsible for the research that supports enterprise goals.
_	Second are the aspirants personally invited by the mentors based on the research that the staff conducted.
_	In the research that has been conducted, focus has generally centred on the development of written and spoken language and their connection.
_	This theory was popular in the 1990s, but in recent years, the research that supported the concept of the "multepal" system has been called into question, if not discredited.
_	There are over 250 species of dung beetles that feed on buffalo fly and use their bodies as parasitic hosts; identifying which species would best serve the purpose was the research that Wright continued.
_	2) #6 revealed that Sallis at one point treated and worked alongside Dr. Curt Connors shortly after Connors' arm was amputated, driving the research that would eventually transform Connors into the Lizard.
_	This conflict of identity eventually led Carmazzi to the research that founded the Directive Communication Methodology.
_	In 1987 he co-founded the Queen Square Brain Bank for Neurological Disorders (QSBB), which now houses the largest collection of Parkinson's brains in the world and is where he conducted the research that led to the Queen Square Brain Bank criteria for Parkinson's disease.
_	McClure also stated that he had never seen such a collection of contradictory accounts of a case in any of the research that he had done in the previous ten years.
_	Preparing a bid to the fund would be very expensive, so as a first stage the DfT asked for bids for pump priming funds to pay for the research that would be needed to prepare a full bid.
_	The work was set in 18th-century Manhattan, and was based on the research that Johnson was conducting for his first historical work, "The Great Negro Plot".
_	It was during this period, as a PhD student in 1962, that he carried out the research that led to his discovery of the Josephson effect; Cambridge unveiled a plaque on the Mond Building dedicated to the discovery in November 2012.
_	From 1999–2003, he was an associate professor there, and started the research that would later win him the 2012 Nobel Prize.
_	“To Sing with Pigs is Human: The Concept of Person in Papua New Guinea” is another publication surrounding the research that Goodale undertook.
_	It was Romer who suggested to his father the idea for the novel Western Union, and it was Romer who did much of the research that went into the book.
_	Group interviews haven’t been studied as much as one-on-one interviews, but the research that has been done suggests that in the field of education group interviews can be an effective method of selection.
_	But with the research that has been conducted, it has been found that leisure activities influence marital satisfaction positively.
_	It was also a major supporter of the research that led to the presentation of Interlingua in 1951.
_	While this research appears more favorable than the research that showed a correlation between religious activity and prejudice, some researchers are convinced that these people are merely showing what they believe to be a more socially acceptable bias.
_	Such rumours were part of the background for the research that lead to Johannes Schefferus' book "Lapponia", published in Latin in 1673.
_	He was appointed a classics lecturer at the University of Sydney in 1945, and also began the research that would lead to the creation of the Sydney University Press.
_	Much of the research that developed the Spartan spruce, a hybrid that combines the color and drought resistance of a blue spruce and the softer needles and rapid growth rate of the white spruce, was done at the Kellogg Forest.
_	Much of the research that led to the development of true vacuum tubes was carried out by Irving Langmuir in the General Electric (GE) research laboratories.
_	Although Kosminsky distrusted "faction", and had told the press he "hated" this "evil form", he began to think of putting the research that had been gathered into a drama format, to make best use of the contacts that had been achieved.
_	As they walked to the subway, Hiskey described the progress of the research that was then being undertaken at Columbia on the atomic bomb.
_	Sadker, said that she was "very dismayed about the quality of office management and the nature of the research that was going on."
_	In general, the research that Dr. Landau has been involved in demonstrates that many aspects of word learning depend on paying attention to spatial features.
_	They cite the research that shows improved health and economic benefits for this policy.
_	More so than the other seminal process calculi (CCS and CSP), the development of ACP focused on the algebra of processes, and sought to create an abstract, generalized axiomatic system for processes, and in fact the term "process algebra" was coined during the research that led to ACP.
_	Most of the research that exists on adoption effects on the birth parents was conducted with samples of adolescents, or with women who were adolescents when carrying their babies—little data exists for birth parents from other populations.
_	The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) published an overview of many different models and the research that supports them.
_	In the early 1950s, Eccles and his colleagues performed the research that would lead to his receiving the Nobel Prize.
_	Second are the aspirants personally invited by the mentors based on the research that the staff conducted.
_	According to Kaspersky's chief malware expert, "the geography of the targets and also the complexity of the threat leaves no doubt about it being a nation-state that sponsored the research that went into it."
_	Discover the research that makes the Aquarium du Québec an important place for marine biology in Canada and learn more about marine labs and marine research.
_	For example, the research that dates the tektites, which Tollmann bolide hypothesis regards as indicating the time of the hypothesized impact, is antiquated.
_	One feature of the research that went into "La Révolution Wikipédia" was the insertion of several deliberate errors into the French Wikipedia, with the aim of observing how long it would take for them to be corrected.
_	A pioneer in his field, key highlights of his career include undertaking the research that helped lead to the mandatory wearing of the seat belt in the UK, the development of the Offset Deformable Frontal Barrier Crash Test and the establishment of the safety organisation Euro NCAP.
_	The aim of the series is to showcase the research that created or inspired the journal's cover image, and explain how the image helps us to understand the research question addressed in the manuscript.
_	Each of these organizations publishes a different refereed academic journal that reflects the research that is being performed in the field of mass communication.
_	Until late 1962, he was on the staff of the Extra Mural Department of UI, and from 1960 to 1962 he was based in Zaria, where he began the research that he later supplemented with research in London, England, during periods of leave in 1961, 1963, and 1965, each lasting several months.
_	Out of the research that has been done, findings are still inconclusive.
_	From the research that has been conducted on TCKs, it has been found that subjects are generally more tolerant of different cultures and of people of different backgrounds than subjects from the same home country who are not TCKs.
_	With Festinger's theories and the research that they generated, "the monolithic grip that reinforcement theory had held on social psychology was effectively and permanently broken."
_	This is usually the last stage of assessment day, If candidates have completed all other tasks, this is an ideal opportunity for individuals to ask questions from hiring managers and showcase them their talent and impress them with the research that they have done about the company and its products and services.
_	It was at this gathering that The Society of Primitive Technology was founded to promote the practice and teaching of aboriginal skills, foster communication between teachers and practitioners, and to bring about a set of standards for the authenticity, quality and ethics of the research that was being carried out.
_	A major theme of the research that Loring oversees is focused on the study of genomics and epigenetics of pluripotent stem cells, with the goal of ensuring their validity for drug development and their safety for cell therapy.
_	The metabolism of "Deinococcus marmoris" at this point in time is limited to the research that has been completed; however, what is currently known is that as part of the Deinococcus taxa the species must be radioactively resistant with similar mechanisms to reduce the amount of ROS inside the cell.
_	Elbert Dysart Botts (January 2, 1893 – April 10, 1962) was the California Department of Transportation ("Caltrans") engineer credited with overseeing the research that led to the development of "Botts' dots" and possibly the epoxy used to attach them to the road.
_	It is one of six species of dwarf lemur, though the research that identified it also suggested the existence of many more new species.
_	The University of Bristol have produced a paper entitled "Investigation and development of an innovative pigging technique for the water supply industry." in which they have detailed the research that they have carried out.
_	These studies and others supported the idea that bone cells create the HSC niche, and all the research that elucidated this specialized hematopoietic microenvironment stemmed from these landmark studies.
_	At age 21, Nolan began the research that established him as one of England's leading authorities on the American West.
_	Botts' dots are named after Elbert Dysart Botts, a California Department of Transportation (Caltrans) engineer credited with overseeing the research that led to the development of the markers.
_	Between the years 1927 and 1930, Day was on leave to take some courses in anthropology at Radcliffe, and also to continue the research that she began with Earnest Hooton in her senior year at Radcliffe in 1919.
_	Notably, she was also the driving force behind the research that produced calcium-enriched milk, enabling adults to ingest their recommended daily calcium intake from fewer than two glasses of the fortified milk.
_	It resembles predicate calculus, and has affinities with Categorial Grammar, but these are findings after the fact which did not guide its development or the research that led to it.
_	A lot of the research that led to the development of PDP was done in the 1970s, but PDP became popular in the 1980s with the release of the books "Parallel Distributed Processing: Explorations in the Microstructure of Cognition - Volume 1 (foundations)" and "Volume 2 (Psychological and Biological Models)", by James L. McClelland, David E. Rumelhart and the PDP Research Group.
_	In the prologue he tells the readers about the phantom and the research that he did to prove the truth of the ghost.
_	Dichter also carried out the research that led to the famous slogan for Esso/Exxon.
_	Each unit of assessment was given a "quality profile" - a five-column histogram - indicating the proportion of the research that meets each of four quality levels or is unclassified.
_	Its research findings were published extensively in relevant technical journals, and the research that had practical commercial applications found its way into the Bently Nevada product line.
_	Whiting was also involved in the research that led to the discovery of how stick insects had lost their wings and then re-evolved them several million years later.
_	I can say that the world or our dimension that we live in, our four planes of existence, length, height, width, and time, become threatened by some of the research that is being done.
_	Elmer Keiser Bolton (June 23, 1886 – July 30, 1968) was an American chemist and research director for DuPont, notable for his role in developing neoprene and directing the research that led to the discovery of nylon.
_	Though the fitness tests had a valid purpose of ensuring safety, the court found that the research that the tests were based on was incomplete and "impressionistic" and did not take into account the differences between men and women in establishing a standard.
_	These changes were (1) to be the national voice for rural education, and (2) to sponsor the research that would provide validity to that “voice.”
_	As part of the research that preceded the design, the developer, the architects, the engineers and the project manager visited Japan to look in detail at a dozen concert halls.
_	Blanchard, Cantor, and Robichaud (2006) reviewed the research that attempted to identify hormonal aspects of pedophiles.
_	Parsons became interested in population control during the 1960s, and began the research that led to a significant body of books and articles being published between 1971 and 1998.
_	So the petition's suggestion that everyone with a degree in metallurgy or geophysics knows a lot about climate change, or is familiar with all the research that's been done, is patent crap.
_	When people had read both the research that supported their views and the research that did not, they tended to hold their original attitudes "more" strongly than before they received that information.
_	Its research findings were published extensively in relevant technical journals, and the research that had practical commercial applications often found its way into the Bently Nevada product line.
_	Some of the research that is conducted in the field of psychology is more "fundamental" than the research conducted in the applied psychological disciplines, and does not necessarily have a direct application.
_	Much of the research that would be considered as ‘media psychology’ has come from other fields, both academic and applied.
_	The mirror is one of many made by Corning Incorporated as a part of the research that allowed the pouring of the 200-inch mirror for the Hale telescope.
_	While in Saskatchewan, he completed the research that led to his first book, "Fire Canoe: Prairie Steamboat Days Revisited", as well as to his decision to concentrate on a freelance career.
_	He conducted much of the research that led to the development of this assay while working at the company Upjohn.
_	The institute does provide detailed summaries of the research that is available for purchase.
_	To protect against bad science and fraudulent data, government research-granting agencies such as the National Science Foundation, and science journals, including "Nature" and "Science", have a policy that researchers must archive their data and methods so that other researchers can test the data and methods and build on the research that has gone before.
_	Laurence J. Peter had conducted the research that led to the formulation of the Peter principle well before publishing his findings.
_	Global Insight, which conducted the research that supported the ads, found that Walmart's price level reduction resulted in savings for consumers of $287 billion in 2006, which equated to $957 per person or $2,500 per household (up 7.3 percent from the 2004 savings estimate of $2,329).
_	Clement stated that "there has been more research done, and some of it has been questioning of the research that has already taken place and questioning of the methodology of those associated with Insite."
_	The Stata's appearance is a metaphor for the freedom, daring, and creativity of the research that's supposed to occur inside it."
_	Although a lot of progress has been made since 1901 when Harvey Cushing first expanded knowledge of what is now known as the Cushing reflex, there are still many aspects of the research that remain to be seen.
_	Because the experience of breeders of palomino and buckskin horses indicated that blue-eyed cream offspring of these animals were not genetically defective, some of the research that took place nearly thirty years after Adalsteinsson's studies that identified the nature of cream dilution was directly supported by breed registries that had historically barred blue eyed creams.
_	Zillmann was unable to demonstrate any increase in misogynist or violent attitudes and desires, although he did try." and stated of the sponsor of the report "Having noted the varied interpretability of Zillmann and Bryant's findings, the [USA] Surgeon-General's report said that the only reliable findings of the research that supposedly proved men were more callous towards women after looking at pornography was this: the group that saw pornography estimated more accurately the prevalence of sexual practices in society.
_	But I can say I’ve looked at the research that’s been done, and I’ve done personal investigations.
_	In publishing the research that it supports, the Centre addresses academic, church, and wider public audiences.
_	In Australia, it screened in conjunction with Queer Screen and Australian Marriage Equality on the 20th of August Independent MP and Chair of AME Alex Greenwich introduced the film to the audience where he mentioned Australia's conservative government pollster Crosby Textor Group and the research that has polled the biggest support for same-sex marriage in Australia where 72% of Australians support legalising same-sex marriage.
_	Little is said about the research that he does, and much more about his interactions with the French people he meets.
_	However, the research that has been done has found striking disparities between bisexuals and heterosexuals, and even between bisexuals and homosexuals.
_	Authors who support this line of reasoning cite findings such as the research that showed slow-paced music in a supermarket was associated with more sales and customers moving at a slower pace.
_	In other words, it describes the research that has not taken place before and their results.
_	In 1927, at the age of 29, working at an agricultural experiment station in Azerbaijan, Lysenko embarked on the research that would lead to his 1928 paper on vernalization, which drew wide attention because of its potential practical implications for Soviet agriculture.
_	Comparison tables of seed density and diversity are presented for the boreal and deciduous forest types and the research that has been conducted is discussed.
_	He conducted most of the research that went into this thesis at the University of Chicago (1972–74), together with Arnold Zellner.
_	As a student at Johns Hopkins, he worked in William Henry Howell's laboratory and assisted in the research that led to the discovery of heparin.
_	Kyle Zimmer was motivated to start First Book by the research that the University of Michigan had recently done.
_	The publication surveys the research that led to Room of Rhythms, provides an insight into Cevdet Erek's practice as an artist, summing up the artistic research that led to "Room of Rhythms", an experiential installation presented at dOCUMENTA (13).
_	While in Louisiana, he initiated the research that documented the Gulf of Mexico Dead Zone and identified its principal causes.
_	Along with the research that music conveys an emotion to its listener(s), it has also been shown that music can produce emotion in the listener(s).
_	In 2009, The Daily Prothom Alo published an article about the research that changed everything.
_	Compared to ethnography, the study of single groups through direct contact with the culture, ethnology takes the research that ethnographers have compiled and then compares and contrasts different cultures.
_	Moshe A. Milevsky is the author of several books, including the popular "Are You a Stock or a Bond", and "The 7 Most Important Equation for Your Retirement" and the more advanced "The Calculus of Retirement Income", which summarizes much of the research that Milevsky has done on quantitative retirement income planning.
_	He also organized the research that led to a series of volumes on race relations in Brazil, such as "As relações raciais entre negros a brancos em São Paulo," edited by Roger Bastide and Florestan Fernandes (São Paulo, 1955), Race and Class in Rural Brazil, edited by Charles Wagley (UNESCO, Paris, 1952), and others.
_	Some of the research that was done in early 2000, indicated that as people grow older, their creativity dampens.
_	He finds some of the research that Carrie had been compiling on him.
_	This is the research that will one day find a cure.
_	Clinical trials are only a small part of the research that goes into developing a new treatment.
_	Many undergraduate student researchers choose to pursue master's degrees based on the research that they conduct at CfD.
_	In addition, a lot of the research that was published in 2007 examined the pathogenesis for the disorder by examining the role of oxidative stress on tissues in various cerebral structures of Aldh5a1-/- mice.
_	Some examples of the research that occurs on in the island involves nesting of loggerhead sea turtles, monitoring migratory bird patterns, investigating tooth wear of deer fawns and genetic studies on feral Sicilian donkeys.
_	Soapbox Science is a public outreach platform that promotes women working in science and the research that they do.
_	Waltz's wife was essential in contributing the research that became the basis for "Man, the State, and War".
_	During the 1980s in the early years of investigation into the AIDS pandemic Redfield led the research that was the first to conclusively demonstrate that the HIV retrovirus could be heterosexually transmitted.
_	In "Black Mesa East", she meets Gordon Freeman at the entrance to the facility and tells him of the research that is being conducted there as well as her deep admiration for Freeman.
_	The process of grant writing and grant proposing is a somewhat delicate process for both the grantor and the grantee: the grantors want to choose the research that best fits their scientific principles, and the individual grantees want to apply for research in which they have the best chances but also in which they can build a body of work towards future scientific endeavors.
_	The 2015 follow-up to that report, A Nation Empowered, highlights the research that has occurred over the past decade, and provides further evidence that academic acceleration, when applied correctly, can be highly beneficial for gifted students.
_	Oliver, now promoted to colonel, initiated the research that led to the development of the steel treadway bridge.
_	However, the research that was done by Capek in his laboratories has been consequently stolen by other militant groups and assorted terrorist organizations.
_	Authors include Harvard professor Clayton Christensen and New York Times bestselling author, Robert Spence who invented the "magnifying glass" visualization that is familiar to anyone with an iPhone or iMac, and Stu Card who performed the research that led to the computer mouse's commercial introduction by Xerox.
_	Its program, elaborated in a monograph by Garšva, is based on the research that the big part of the Polish minority in Lithuania are in fact Polonized Lithuanians and that their true identity had been erased by years of foreign occupation.
_	The original term – "A dollar a day", which came into common use after the publication of the World Bank's 1990 World Development Report (WDR) was coined by Cullen, although the research that led to the figure on which it is based ($370 per capita per annum) was conducted by World Bank economist Martin Ravallion and other members of the WDR team.
_	Along the path are some information boards explaining how the telescope works and the research that is done with it.
_	The 1986 Tokyo National Theater and Opera House project continued the research that Tschumi began in The Manhattan Transcripts, importing notational techniques from experimental dance and musical scores, and using the design process itself to challenge habitual ways of thinking about space, in contrast to earlier static, two dimensional representational techniques which delineated the outline of a building but not the intensity of life within it.
_	This collection of antiques contributed to the research that Fortuny undertook prior to the creation of any of his paintings.
_	Results need to be used to evaluate the hypothesis of the research that is done.
_	This collapse, and the research that followed, led to an increased understanding of wind/structure interactions.
_	Marcel began the research that would eventually lead him to unconscious perception in the early 1970s, with his work initially rooted in reading.
_	It summarised the research that Yudkin had been conduction at Queen Elizabeth College where he was professor of Nutrition.
_	This occurred because the research that started in 1940 now began to show.
_	Reviewing the research that underpinned national policy in the UK, Moody and Melia (2011) found that some of the claims made for shared space schemes were not justified by the evidence—particularly the claims that pedestrians are able to follow desire lines, and that shared space reduces traffic speeds.
_	This paper summarizes the research that was carried out over the past three years in the University campus.
_	Responding to the research that suggested removing its subspecies status, the Florida Panther Recovery Team noted in 2007, "the degree to which the scientific community has accepted the results of Culver et al.
_	Much of the research that earned Smith the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences was conducted at the University of Arizona between 1976 and 2001.
_	As an outsider to the company, I realized early in the process of the research that this organization was serious—and enthusiastic—about encouraging development of individual potential.
_	Much of the research that has been done on the topic was done decades ago, although still relevant today.
_	This experiment brought to the research that if people could find ways to train their mental rotation skills they could perform better in high context activities with greater ease.
_	These features plus the research that is done on the program each year, mean that PA meets the standards developed by the National Alliance of Concurrent Enrollment Partnerships (NACEP), an organization designed by and for CEP personnel to (through accreditation) reassure accepting institutions that credits earned through the CEP meet specific quality standards.
_	Maurice McAdam as part of his initial submission to An Bord Pleanala had raised the issue of the uncharted Mine workings in the Lemgare , Lisdrumgormley and Annaglogh area posed a series of questions to EirGrid, in particular about the research that they had carried out.
_	According to a profile of Poser by the FRCPE, he credited his two mentors, Merritt and Bogaert, with inspiring the research that made him famous.
_	While employed at Goddard College Chickering began the research that lead to his most notable publication, "Education and Identity".
_	He is critical of the research that has been done on the educational use of computer games, citing their biases and weaknesses in method, which cause their findings to lack scientific validity.
_	These findings were part of the research that later brought about Ludwig Aschoff’s idea of the reticuloendothelial system.
_	In fact, much of the research that emerged in the 1990s included numerous conflicting studies based on use of the SILL as a research instrument, of which very few met rigorous research criteria.
