_	The original draft of the resolution that was submitted by Japan Socialist Party contained stronger expressions of apology.
_	He attended the king at York in 1639, and in May 1642 was imprisoned by the parliament for urging the addition of the words "without cause" to the resolution that the king violated his oath by making war on parliament.
_	After years of discussion, the question was answered in 1776 by the resolution that meetings were not to accept financial contributions or services from members owning slaves.
_	It also approved an amendment to the resolution that the guidelines give "due regard of the mind of the Anglican Communion."
_	He served as chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary in the 80th Congress, and introduced the resolution that ultimately became the Twenty-second Amendment.
_	While Brazil participated actively in the international negotiations that led to the establishment of the NPT, it abstained from voting on the resolution that formally created the treaty.
_	At the same time, a Nomura International analyst for the sector said of the resolution that "the key worry now is that 22% wage rises will be seen spreading across the mine industry."
_	Moreover, they argue that if topical ground is exclusively affirmative, then the negative could be allowed to attack other potential examples of the resolution that might not be as advantageous as the affirmative plan.
_	Miller introduced the resolution that the Club sponsor a football contest to be held in New Orleans during the Christmas holiday season.
_	As such Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov announced two days before the resolution that Russia would be willing to offer its assistance in securing the chemical-weapons sites, it would not take possession of any part of the arsenal; since the U.S. bans the importation and transportation of such munitions, the inspectors would have to work inside Syria amid the civil war.
_	At first they discussed the resolution that Shoja al-Din Mohammad Safavi, the eight-month-old infant son of IsmailII, should be crowned as shah while in reality state affairs would be taken care of by Pari Khan Khanum.
_	In December 1925, in its seventeenth session, the Muslim League passed the resolution that Sindh should be separated from Bombay and constituted into a separate province.
_	Senator James Dixon said of the resolution that "it seems to me calculated to produce nothing but mischief."
_	At first, they discussed the resolution that Shoja al-Din Mohammad Safavi, the eight-month-old infant son of Ismail II, should be crowned as shah while in reality state affairs would be taken care of by Pari Khan Khanum.
_	While he was serving as Imperial Potentate, he put forth the resolution that created the Shriners Hospitals for Children.
_	The father must give it to the Cohen with the resolution that he is giving him a present without any reservations.
_	A vote on the resolution that stated that Yanukovych "is removing himself [from power] because he is not fulfilling his obligations" emerged 328–0 in support.
_	The author proves that the resolution that was passed on March 24.
_	Before the vote, the Security Council held several meetings to discuss the resolution that would extend the United Nations mission in the region and have the United Nations take over the European Union led military force (EUFOR).
_	Hoyt also wrote the resolution that put whale watching on the International Whaling Commission agenda in the 1990s.
_	The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe in Strasbourg, France, which has been deliberating on the issue of blasphemy law, the resolution that blasphemy should not be a criminal offence, adopted on 29 June 2007 in the Recommendation 1805 (2007) on blasphemy, religious insults and hate speech against persons on grounds of their religion.
_	They start on 24 June 1723 with the approval of Anderson's constitutions, and the resolution that no alteration or innovation in the "Body of Masonry" could occur without the approval of Grand Lodge.
_	It is these four names which, in 1951, led to the resolution that a new village coat of arms be introduced - four golden stars on blue and red shield.
_	During the period of the Directory, he was a deputy at the Council of the Ancients, where he unsuccessfully opposed the resolution that judges be nominated by the executive directory.
_	However, it is the resolution that tag sequencing provides that sets it apart, resulting from the increased efficiency in serial analysis.
_	In July 1837 he accused the government of ignoring the breaches of the 1833 Act and moved the resolution that the House regretted the regulation of the working hours of children had been found to be unsatisfactory.
_	While in the state senate, Whitaker proposed the resolution that set Kentucky on the side of the Union, ending the state's brief period of neutrality in the war.
_	Adams fought actively against the gag rule for another seven years, eventually moving the resolution that led to its appeal in 1844.
_	The father must give it to the Cohen with the resolution that he is giving him a present without any reservations.
_	In the summer elections were held, and on the meeting of parliament Bartolommei's unitarian views prevailed, the assembly voting the resolution that the house of Lorraine had forfeited its rights and that Tuscany must be united to Italy under King Victor Emmanuel.
_	It offered the Senior High School application, in accordance to the resolution that was ordered by the Department of Education, for incoming students which were separated into 2 tracks -Science and Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) Track and Accountancy and Business Management (ABM) Track .
_	The Waffle put their full support behind it, when Krista Maeots, leadership candidate James Laxer’s wife, put forward the resolution that 12 of the 24 council members elected at the convention be women.
_	Debates on issues "of no consequence" were a recurring feature of the show; another famous debate was on the resolution that being green (in the environmental sense) "is pointless because it's too hard".
_	All the accusations with regard to Gregory that Candidus could come up with were well received by the assembly, which committed itself to the resolution that Gregory had forfeited the papacy.
_	The resolution was adopted by 12 votes to none against and three abstentions from France, Germany and Mexico; the three countries supported the intervention but were opposed to demands from the United States in the resolution that exempted soldiers from countries not party to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC) from its jurisdiction.
_	The Security Council was informed prior to the adoption of the resolution that 300,000 children from the age of seven or eight were serving as soldiers, guerrillas or supporting roles in armed conflicts in more than 30 countries around the world.
_	But look at the differences between the resolution that was voted on in 1991 and the one this administration is proposing that the Congress vote on in 2002.
_	The once distinct and autonomous colonies became united under the resolution that they would not accept "taxation without representation" in any form, and that they were willing to act forcefully to protect that right.
_	He is in favor of repealing the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare), and voted in favor of the resolution that began the process of repealing Obamacare in January 2017.
_	The boldest clause in the statement was the resolution that black residents of areas designated as "white" by apartheid legislation should be granted suffrage.
_	Votes to reaffirm the resolution that Israel should pay the costs of damage appeared before the General Assembly every year until 2003 with the same pattern—one third for, one third abstaining, two (United States and Israel) against.
_	Although subtle hints pointed to the possibility of this "Roman" turning out to be someone else, abetted by speculation by fans and by Hogestyn himself, the clues seemed to tie back together with the resolution that, for the moment, the character portrayed by Hogestyn was in fact Roman Brady.
_	A common problem to X-ray crystallography and electron crystallography is radiation damage, by which especially organic molecules and proteins are damaged as they are being imaged, limiting the resolution that can be obtained.
_	At first, they discussed the resolution that Shoja al-Din Mohammad Safavi, the eight-month-old infant son of Ismail II, should be crowned as shah while in reality state affairs would be taken care of by Pari Khan Khanum.
_	On 4 December 2013, the UN Security Council urgently voted in favor of the resolution that UN MISCA peacekeepers can use all force necessary to protect the lives of civilians, after reports began emerging from the capital Bangui of widespread violence taking place.
_	The PCUSA resolution also created much controversy, leading to a 2006 Synod renouncing the resolution that was made under the consultation of Sabeel.
_	The HETP is a measure of the resolution that can be obtained by the column.
_	McConnell was the only party leader in Congress to oppose the resolution that would authorize military strikes against Syria in September 2013, citing a lack of national security risk.
_	Although the name "Pakistan" had been proposed by Choudhary Rahmat Ali in his Pakistan Declaration, it was not until after the resolution that it began to be widely used.
_	In addition to losing its seat in the UN, the UN Secretary-General concluded from the resolution that the General Assembly considered Taiwan to be a province of China, and thus it does not permit the ROC to become a party treaties for which it is the depository.
_	Significant clauses of the constitution included the mutual assistance of each other if one signatory were to be attacked by a third party, the resolution that the Muslims would profess their religion and the Jews theirs, as well as the appointment of Muhammad as the leader of the state.
_	Everything happens as if, after matched filtering, we had the resolution that would have been reached with a simple pulse of duration formula_54.
_	An Amsterdam delegation consisting of Abbema, Gales, Goll and Luden arrived in Leimuiden on 26 September to offer terms, but the Duke replied to their request with the remark that they could best adhere to the resolution that the rump-States of Holland were about to adopt in which they meekly asked the Princess what she required to satisfy her honor.
_	At the "SF Site", Paul Kincaid considered the story "promising", but ultimately "disappointing since it never quite explores its idea with the courage it demands, and ends flatly rather than with the resolution that could have lifted it."
_	In addition to losing its seat in the UN, the UN Secretary-General concluded from the resolution that the General Assembly considered Taiwan to be a province of China.
_	In regards to impunity and an international tribunal on sexual assault and exploitation by UN Peacekeeping troops he said, "I fully agree with you because I think that the story doesn’t end with passing the resolution that will put shame and send away contingents.
_	At a subsequent meeting in Chicago Jones and Gray recommended some oaken bucket be that trophy and the chapters drafted the resolution that:
_	She and Senator Arlen Specter were the driving forces behind the resolution that declared every May Jewish American Heritage Month.
_	At the Convention itself, the wording of the resolution that was presented was altered to read:
_	Following many hearings at locations throughout the area, the Committee returned to Sydney and passed the resolution that the line be built from Henty towards Daysdale, but be carried out to Billabong Creek, the site of the future township of Rand.
_	In 2005, he said "it was obvious that if I voted against the resolution that I would be dead meat in the race, just handing them in a victory."
_	Despite a fine regolith on the outside (at least to the resolution that has been seen with spacecraft), the asteroid's gravity is so weak that friction between fragments dominates and prevents small pieces from falling inwards and filling up the voids.
_	Writing in "The Spectator", commentator Melanie Phillips said that the resolution that created the mandate allowed no such change and questioned the validity and political motivations of the new mandate.
_	The majority, including Bayard, favored resumption, but in wording the resolution that passed the Senate, Republican John Sherman of Ohio left vague the exact timing; Bayard feared it would be put off indefinitely.
_	In 2016 Caloocan City Business High School (CCBHS) started to offer 2 tracks in Senior High School in accordance to the resolution that ordered by the Department of Education.
_	However, in December of that year the Senate passed an amendment to the resolution that split the difference by requiring that Thanksgiving be observed annually on the fourth Thursday of November, which was usually the last Thursday and sometimes (two years out of seven, on average) the next to last.
_	He said that the fact that the other candidates knew, or should have known, that there were "two sets of books" being kept on intelligence from Iraq, and that they voted the resolution that authorized the war in spite of that fact, indicates that morality plays no part in their political decisions and that lack of moral judgment ought to keep them from the presidency.
_	James Connolly presented the resolution that the congress establish its own party.
_	As the first speaker they must define the resolution that they selected earlier.
_	Shortly after Liow was elected, the MCA convened an extraordinary meeting to reverse several resolutions, including the resolution that stipulated that MCA members should not serve in federal and state governments.
_	Both China and Russia are concerned about how cargo inspections could provoke confrontations with the North Korean Navy, and China declared after passage of the resolution that it will not perform such inspections.
_	None of these vital interests, these vital interests of peace, none of them appear in the resolution that will be put forward before the General Assembly today, and that is why Israel cannot accept it."
_	Li and Yao even went so far as to try to annul two key resolutions passed by the 13th National Congress: the theory of socialist political civilization, and the resolution that central planning and markets were equals.
_	Some Gauleiter were even so bold as to criticize Hitler, although the resolution that was adopted expressly stated that the northerners did not intend to displace the leadership decisions of Munich, and that in any case the expropriation issue was "not one which touches on the fundamental interests of the party."
_	However, their bargaining sessions with CHI Franciscan Health were not ending with the resolution that they wanted to have.
_	Nawaf Salam, Lebanon’s representative, said the Council’s decision was very important, as the second anniversary approached of the adoption of the resolution that had established UNIFIL.
_	On 25 April 1931 the Jaffna Youth congress adopted the resolution that "this conference holds 'Swaraj' to be the inalienable birth-right of every people...
_	The father must give it to the Cohen with the resolution that he is giving him a present without any reservations.
_	The Congregation's liberal roots can also be seen throughout the years, including the resolution that passed overwhelmingly at the Annual Meeting on October 19, 1921, that elected a slate including three women to the board of trustees.
_	Russia's Sergey Lavrov said of the resolution that it "does not allow for any automatic use of force or measures of enforcement" for compliance failures and that the UN Security Council would then have to "carefully" consider any decisions on enforcement.
_	They began with the resolution that "the Rev. Robert Lusk be disannexed from the Western Presbytery, and that he be attached to the Presbytery of Pittsburgh.
_	Jose Mogrovejo, Doe Run Peru’s vice president for environmental affairs, said that infractions were not of a magnitude that could harm the environment: "Our concern is that people could infer from reading the resolution that it says we have damaged the environment, and that is not the case."
_	On June 25, 1919, the Allied Council legitimized Polish control over Eastern Galicia through the resolution that approved military occupation by Polish forces, including Haller's Army, up to the river Zbruch and authorized the Polish government to establish an interim civil administration, which would preserve as far as possible the territorial autonomy and liberties of the inhabitants.
_	It was rather poorly attended, which gave the Pope a pretext for dissolving it, as soon as it had come to the resolution that "internal church union by reform ought to take precedence over external union".
_	In traditional microscopy, the resolution that can be obtained is limited by the diffraction of light.
_	The United Nations General Assembly passed the resolution that called for a Jewish state to be established in Eretz-Israel on November 29, 1947.
_	Meanwhile, the United States had attempted to introduce language into the resolution that would have prevented American peacekeepers (of which there were none in the Democratic Republic of the Congo) from indictment by the International Criminal Court.
_	Senators Stennis and Hubert Humphrey authored the resolution that established the Commission.
_	With the resolution that she will find Da-eun on her own, she goes back to the bar.
_	The House passed the resolution that Lewis McKenzie was not entitled to the seat under any circumstances due to lack of votes.
_	Becker moved the resolution that women should be granted voting rights on the same terms as men.
_	The differences between the three peers, Peterborough, Galway and Tyrawley, who had served in Spain, formed the subject of angry debates in the House of Lords, when the majority declared for Peterborough; after some fiery speeches the resolution that he had performed many great and eminent services was carried, and votes of thanks were passed to him without any division (January and February 1708).
_	The 3 appealing countries did not appeal during the BRM and even all voted approval on the resolution that allowed for voting on each of the resolutions that had not been discussed in the plenary meeting through means of a form.
