_	I also learned that most of them are not even bothered by the responsibility that lies beneath their keyboards.
_	Amelia Jackson was ideally suited to the responsibility that her second marriage had brought on her.
_	Javy Gwaltney, for "Game Informer", wrote that the Outsider was "an embodiment of what Dishonored is all about: an intersection between our choices and our identity, a celebration of the flexible design of immersive sims themselves, and the responsibility that comes with great power".
_	The developed countries acknowledge the responsibility that they bear in the international pursuit of sustainable development in view of the pressures their societies place on the global environment and of the technologies and financial resources they command.
_	Furthermore, bell hooks, who is greatly influenced by Freire, points out the importance of engaged pedagogy and the responsibility that teachers, as well as students, must have in the classroom:
_	Before fashion and diversity became hot topics for big business and consumers alike, All Walks shared the vision to encourage the shift towards a more enlightened position, through highlighting the responsibility that the fashion industry had in recognising the psychological impact of its messaging upon the minds of young women and men.
_	There will be an attack on institutionalized religion for the responsibility that it had in the past on negative developments, for its irrationality which makes it a counterpoint of philosophical and scientific progress.
_	He emphasised the importance of cultural tourism on a global scale, of its relevance to tourism in Mallorca and the responsibility that the people of Mallorca had to look after, celebrate and visit the gallery.
_	There will be an attack on institutionalized religion for the responsibility that it had in the past on negative developments, for its irrationality which makes it a counterpoint of philosophical and scientific progress.
_	The prototype, sculpted by project artist Gary Lee Price, consists of a pair of clasped hands oriented vertically, symbolizing the responsibility that comes with liberty.
_	We urge our fellow students, their parents and our pastors to consider the responsibility that is theirs to solve, the problems created by legislation."
_	On April 25, the 102nd carried out a ceremony to honor the dead and erected a memorial tablet to the victims, which stated that the townspeople of Gardelegen are charged with the responsibility that the “graves are forever kept as green as the memory of these unfortunates will be kept in the hearts of freedom-loving men everywhere.”
_	In addition, a Green Office may reduce the responsibility that other actors at the university feel to act on sustainability.<br>
_	That is the responsibility that together we bear."
_	He believes in his Creator Allah and always does his best to fulfil the responsibility that Allah has given him.
_	There will be an attack on institutionalized religion for the responsibility that it had in the past on negative developments, for its irrationality which makes it a counterpoint of philosophical and scientific progress.
_	The commanding officer has a good deal of autonomy in running his or her unit, along with the responsibility that goes with it.
_	Bitcoin's appeal reaches from left wing critics, "who perceive the state and banking sector as representing the same elite interests, [...] recognising in it the potential for collective direct democratic governance of currency" and socialists proposing their "own states, complete with currencies", to right wing critics suspicious of big government, at a time when activities within the regulated banking system were responsible for the severity of the financial crisis of 2007–08, "because governments are not fully living up to the responsibility that comes with state-sponsored money".
_	Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan later claimed the responsibility that they had targeted the party meeting which killed Bilour.
_	Chow considered declining because of the responsibility that came with it, but decided to accept instead.
_	There will be an attack on institutionalized religion for the responsibility that it had in the past on negative developments, for its irrationality which makes it a counterpoint of philosophical and scientific progress.
_	V had written to Edward II of England in 1311 reminding him of the responsibility that "Laudabiliter" put upon him to execute government in Ireland for the welfare of the Irish.
_	Although he acquits himself well, it is plain he is not comfortable with the responsibility that goes with being the commanding officer.
_	McKellar noted, "He said she became aware of the responsibility that comes with seeing gradually, first to herself, then to her husband, then to her small family, then her ward, and finally to the world where she has to create a new civilization."
_	The characters in the novel often fail to understand the responsibility that goes along with their power; only by the end of the story do Orrec and Gry come to terms with their gifts, and understand the best way to use them.
_	He is petrified of the responsibility that has been thrust upon him.
_	But the perceived autonomy is because humans do not adequately consider the responsibility that is inherent in technological processes.
_	One of the most prominent, inescapable messages of the film is the responsibility that humans have to protect and care for animals.
_	""links food and humans, while bringing attention to the responsibility that all people have for the health and well-being of our food ways""
_	In late 2005, Featherstone commented, "I have spent many hours debating the notion of a 'national theatre' and the responsibility that entails.
_	For the first time, she takes on the responsibility that she has often put aside, and returns to the human world to fight Demitri, and prove herself worthy of the Makai Realm and the power that Belial sealed away many years ago.
_	The Conference, affirming the joy of human sexuality as God's gift and the place of every human being within the grace of God, recognises the responsibility that flows from this for us all.
_	... and the responsibility that goes along.
_	Among the subjects which they discussed was the responsibility that Mrs. Clark took upon herself for having the body of Charles Debrille Poston moved in 1925, from a cemetery in Phoenix to Poston's Butte in Florence, Arizona.
_	On 8 September 2004, several leading Russian and international human rights organizations – including Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch, Memorial, and Moscow Helsinki Group – issued a joint statement in which they pointed out the responsibility that Russian authorities bore in disseminating false information:
_	He was aware of the responsibility that this “most eminient cantor's position in the world” brought with it.
_	Picard argues with Q about the morality of his decision, while Q points out the responsibility that the Continuum has to govern their omnipotent powers and the people who use them (Amanda could accidentally destroy the entire galaxy).
_	Your value and Holly's is proportional to the responsibility that you have for something over 15,000 men.
_	That night in the forest, Henry is confronted by the blind sorcerer, who reminded Henry of the responsibility that came with being the Author, and showed him the quill that he had in his hand.
_	He concludes by stating that “our present duty, the responsibility that we must accept, is to preserve and spread this precious, long-lost knowledge in order that it may play its full, qualifying role in the creative arts of the future.
_	Whose direct care Muhammad was raised and prepared for the responsibility that was to be conferred upon him.
_	His role as the leader also proves to be an obstacle as he finds out about power he never knew he had and the responsibility that comes with that power.
_	the role of the haa tui kanokupolu is taking the responsibility that all the high haa tui has for them in a Royal Funeral or Wedding..
_	He also declared that he would assume the part of the responsibility that belongs to him, by requesting the reaffirmation of his leadership by his fellow party members.
_	It also gave him his first experience of the responsibility that he as flight director would have for the life of another, whether human or chimpanzee.
_	Christian Stewardship refers to the responsibility that Christians have in maintaining and using wisely the gifts that God has bestowed.
_	Dimitris Dalianis ran over there and could successfully make the prisoner conscious again, finally the captain gave orders that all prisoners' handcuffs were opened, as there was a risk that the boat would be wrecked in the storm and he did not want the responsibility that they drowned handcuffed.
_	Knight embraced the responsibility that came with being the team's primary focus under the basket, and excelled in the Wildcats' season-opening win over the New Zealand Breakers, earning the NBL's Player of the Week award for a 20-point, nine-rebound effort.
_	The Media Education Foundation took this case under their wings and decided to tell the story of this controversial case with Gardner and asked "important questions about the responsibility that journalists have when it comes to issues of life and death."
_	Berkeley, in agreement with Barlow, critiques further that the right to health does not consider adequately the responsibility that an individual has to uphold his or her own health.
_	Daughter of one of the most famous surgeons of her time, now Alzheimer's diseased, Maria Alejandra should bear the responsibility that gives her his last name.
_	However, he found its approach "refreshingly accepting of gay identity and lifestyle", welcomed the "contributions from gay social scientists", and wrote that it contained "some very insightful and interesting papers" and "does not duck political issues of the responsibility that social science professional organizations have to gay people, as to other minorities."
_	The album is also about the responsibility that everyone has as a member of our society.
_	Catt refused on the grounds of her age and the responsibility that such an affidavit would entail.
_	The woman figure is further depicted as seated on four-legged stool reflecting a position of honor within the community, while the calm expression denotes the acknowledgement of the responsibility that she has within the community.
_	The reason was that the main argument from the opposition for women's suffrage was that women did not want to vote themselves, and that it was seen as necessary to prove that women where capable of organising themselves politically and handle the responsibility that suffrage would give them as full citizens.
_	There will be an attack on institutionalized religion for the responsibility that it had in the past on negative developments, for its irrationality which makes it a counterpoint of philosophical and scientific progress.
_	He shows the responsibility that bishops have for the missionary activities in their own diocese.
_	Secretly, Thornhill arranges a fake marriage ceremony to capitalize on his sexual desires while avoiding the responsibility that would come with the union.
_	Dedication to magic can teach confidence and creativity, as well as the work ethic associated with regular practice and the responsibility that comes with devotion to an art.
_	Jody Wilson-Raybould responded to concerns by stating that the act "does not change the responsibility that law enforcement has to ensure fair and equal application of the law."
_	The cover of the re-printed edition from 2006 contains a blurb extracted from a review in "The Bulletin", which reads: "A book which functions at one level as a psychological mystery, but at deeper levels is an exploration of the adequacy of the law to dispense justice, and the responsibility that human beings have to each other...
_	Furthermore, the Hymn to Ninkasi is the oldest record of a direct correlation between the importance of brewing, and the responsibility that women had with regard to supplying both bread and beer to the household.
_	There is a controversy regarding the responsibility that a DNA testing company has to ensure that leaks and breaches do not happen.
_	While we recognize the tobacco industry is an easy target for comedians, we take seriously the responsibility that comes with selling a product that is an adult choice and is harmful to health [...]
