_	For the Fifth Circuit, three of the district conclusions were sufficient to sustain the ruling that Panetti was competent.
_	On June 23, 2011, the Georgia Court of Appeals upheld the ruling that would enable Cox to drop WPGA from its lineup, effective July 28.
_	As part of the ruling that found the book digitisation project was fair use, the judge stated "Google Books is also transformative in the sense that it has transformed book text into data for purposes of substantive research, including data mining and text mining in new areas".
_	This ruling has many variations, as does the scoring systems of fantasy football leagues, but the ruling that is considered to be “standard” is defined as follows:
_	Vivid Entertainment founder and co-chairman Steven Hirsch said in a statement that he is pleased with the decision regarding the enforcement questions, but plans to appeal the part of the ruling that upholds the measure.
_	His commented after the ruling that "``There has to be stronger evidence than you have offered to find that a man is guilty of kidnapping, murder and torture,`` Rafeedie told prosecutors.
_	His appeal of the ruling that found him guilty was rejected by a Turkish court in May 2006.
_	In August 2000, Arthur Andersen was directed to spin off Andersen Consulting by the International Chamber of Commerce while awarding the former $1.2 billion in back payments and with the ruling that Andersen Consulting could no longer use the Andersen name.
_	McVities defended its classification of Jaffa Cakes as cakes at a VAT tribunal in 1991, against the ruling that Jaffa cakes were biscuits due to their size and shape, and the fact that they were often eaten in place of biscuits.
_	The court did uphold the ruling that YouTube could not be held liable based on "general knowledge" that users on its site were infringing copyright.
_	When another Third Division team, namely Swindon, won the League Cup two years later the Anglo-Italian League Cup was organised as a way of compensating Swindon for the ruling that prevented them competing in the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup.
_	The umpires reversed the ruling that Rodriguez was safe, forcing Derek Jeter to return to first base and calling Rodriguez out on the play for runner interference.
_	Gordon Young, an evangelical pastor of the First Assembly Church of St. John's, asked the Newfoundland Supreme Court of Appeals to allow him to appeal the ruling that legalized same-sex marriage.
_	In 1976, Tobriner wrote the decision of "Tarasoff v. Regents of the University of California", 17 Cal. 3d 425, 551 P.2d 334, 131 Cal. Rptr. 14 (Cal. 1976), the ruling that held that mental health professionals have a duty to protect individuals who are being threatened with bodily harm by a patient.
_	The dilemma raised concerns internationally about the ability of a small minority to forestall an otherwise-agreed debt restructuring of an insolvent country, and the ruling that led to it was widely criticized both within the United States and internationally.
_	The ownership of the Chabad Library was the subject of a dispute which ultimately led to the filing of a civil lawsuit, resulting in the ruling that the Chabad-Lubavitch movement, represented by Agudas Chasidei Chabad, were the rightful owners of the Chabad Library.
_	In the European Community, the 2003 extension of the working time directive to junior doctors and the ruling that on-call time counts as working hours has resulted in the introduction of shift work for hospital medical staff, thereby eliminating the requirements for on-call rooms.
_	This caused the Constitutional Court to first delay the elections by a week, and then make the ruling that old voter cards issued prior to the 2011 elections would also be accepted as the court feared that voters might be disenfranchised.
_	The "Dred Scott" case of 1857, a "freedom suit" which was appealed to the Supreme Court, was settled with the ruling that, as the Constitution had not included people of African descent, whether they were enslaved or free, they could not be citizens of the United States (and therefore never had standing to file freedom suits or other legal cases).
_	Between 1997 and 2000, Hindley made three appeals against the ruling that life should mean life in her case, but each was unsuccessful.
_	The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit upheld the ruling that an Internet service provider is immune from removing indecent content from their website on the basis of Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act.
_	Reuters wrote after the ruling that the stabbing represented the "first militant Islamist attack" in Finland and Finnish Jihadism researcher Atte Kaleva iterated that "the ruling confirms radical Islamist terrorism's entry into Finland."
_	The subsequent condemnation of Schäfer does not include sarin gas production in Colonia Dignidad, the , nor the Monte Maravilla forced labor camp that the colony maintained, since Judge Jorge Zepeda Arancibia did not include these charges in the ruling that sentenced him to a minimum term of seven years of imprisonment for infraction of the Law on Arms Control.
_	Despite the ruling that Habay had not committed the violations with "criminal negligence" or "willful criminal intent," he forwarded the report to the Allegheny County District Attorney for "further action, if any, as he shall deem necessary."
_	The FCC's ruling that cable internet service was not a "cable service" was affirmed, but the ruling that it was strictly an "information service" was vacated by the three judge panel, citing the Circuit's June, 2000 decision in "AT&T v. City of Portland" and the case was remanded for further action.
_	The Anglo-Italian League Cup was organised as a way of compensating Swindon for the ruling that prevented them competing in the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup in 1969.
_	However, there is a body of case law governing the civil commitment of individuals under the Fourteenth Amendment through Supreme Court rulings beginning in 1975 with the ruling that involuntary hospitalization and/or treatment violates an individual's civil rights in "O'Connor v. Donaldson".
_	Thompson first attempted to appeal the ruling that he was not in police custody.
_	During his term as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Gibraltar, he made several significant decisions, including the ruling that it is unconstitutional for jury service to be compulsory only for men.
_	Once the case returned to Judge Fee, he revised his earlier opinion to strike out the ruling that Yasui was no longer a United States citizen.
_	The permission includes the ruling on eligibility for Chapter 9, and the ruling that the city can impair vested public pension benefits through a Chapter 9 plan.
_	While his reasoning was different from Taney's, he still upheld the ruling that Dred Scott was a slave, even though he was a northern Democrat and a Unionist, and (it is said) that he was inclined to anti-slavery views.
_	Following cassation, the Supreme Court ruled on 14 April 2015 that the court of appeals sufficiently supported the ruling that there could almost certainly not be any other cause of the death of Nieuwenhuizen than the kicks to his head and neck, upholding the sentences and rejecting the appeal to reopen the case.
_	The two youngest claimants, nine-year-old India Harrison and ten-year-old Ashleigh Jane Custance, were unable at that time to proceed with their cases, however, because of the ruling that there were no breaches of duty after August 1997.
_	Judge Hiroko Kondō determined in the ruling that Kanda had played a leading role in the murder.
_	The American Civil Liberties Union declared on January 2, 2014, that it will appeal the ruling that NSA bulk phone record collection is legal.
_	It was stated in the ruling that Imogen Thomas had "at some stage engaged the services of Mr Max Clifford", the well-known UK publicist, and that the purpose of meetings Thomas had arranged with the footballer had been "that "The Sun" was ready to take advantage of these prearranged meetings in order to be able to put forward the claim that it was "The Sun" which had found him 'romping with a busty "Big Brother" babe'".
_	After the court found in O'Toole's favour in August 1992, RTÉ appealed the ruling that liberalised its Section 31 regime.
_	The GMC appealed to the Court of Appeal, but in October 2006, by a majority decision, the court upheld the ruling that Meadow was not guilty of the GMC's charge.
_	Although Hendricks opposed the ruling that restricted attorneys' use of dramatizations and testimonials, he expressed approval of a separate restriction imposed by the Arkansas Supreme Court ruling that prohibits attorneys and law firms from contacting the families of people who have died as the result of an accident for 30 days after the accident.
_	U.S. District Judge James E. Boasberg said in the ruling that the USACE "likely complied" with its obligation to consult the tribe and that the tribe "has not shown it will suffer injury that would be prevented by any injunction the Court could issue."
_	On November 30, 2005, the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, an organization claiming to defend religious rights for people of all faiths, appealed the case to the Ninth Circuit and filed a brief that declared, object to the ruling that the pledge violates any part of the Establishment Clause."
_	In the Crown Court appeal of "Harris v. DPP" (1992) and the Court of Appeal case of "R. v Deegan" (1998) the ruling that 'folding' was intended to mean 'non-locking' was upheld.
_	The EPPC opposed the ruling that same-gender education programs must be matching in program material and content.
_	Finally, the ruling that in a case of "Sefek Sefeika" - a case of doubt in which one side of the question is itself subject to doubt - we rule leniently is explained.
_	Judge Segars-Andrews also mentioned in the ruling that Ahmed was already married to at least one other woman in Pakistan and that Ahmed had fraudulently married Hynie to obtain U.S. citizenship.
_	By corollary, the ruling that such a person is "not guilty" may not be so taken, due to the asymmetry in the assumption that one is assumed innocent until proven guilty, and prefers to take the risk of freeing a guilty party over convicting innocents.
_	In response to Brown v. Board of Education, the ruling that outlawed segregation in schools, she wrote "Now Is the Time" (1955), calling for compliance with the new court decision.
_	Judge Gerald Bard Tjoflat, writing for the court, stated in the ruling that "DeKalb County, Georgia [had] embarked on a wholesale plan to replace its white county managers with African Americans" and that Vernon Jones had "devised the plan and monitored its execution".
_	On November 8, 2007, the National Audience of Madrid confirmed the ruling that condemns the editor Vicente Herrera to pay 600 euros in compensation to the manager and his manager Pedro Farré and legal costs.
_	In the 1948 trial, the artists were awarded the rights to Superboy, but DC Comics would retain the rights to Superman, under the ruling that the original payment of $130 made the character a "work-for-hire proposition".
_	He authored several decisions in the Halakha, including the ruling that one witness to the death of the husband is sufficient to justify permitting the wife to marry again (Hamburger, "R. B. T." ii. 451).
_	Apple lost all claims in the "Microsoft" suit except for the ruling that the trash can icon and folder icons from Hewlett-Packard's NewWave windows application were infringing.
_	On the opposition side of this case and wider debate was the State Attorney General Bill Schuette who appealed the ruling that the state law violated the First Amendment.
_	However, after the ruling that the rangers’ power was constitutional, the shepherds and farmers respected their authority.
_	Attorney General Roy Cooper announced soon after the ruling that he would no longer defend NC's ban on same-sex unions in court, saying "Our office believes the judges in North Carolina are bound by this 4th Circuit decision," he said.
_	Following the ruling that the duchy was separate from Prince Charles for the purposes of regulation, Republic, the campaign for an elected head of state, has asked HM Revenue and Customs to investigate if the duchy should still be exempt from tax.
_	The Lambda Legal's lead attorney in the case, Ruth Harlow, stated in an interview after the ruling that "the court admitted its mistake in 1986, admitted it had been wrong then...and emphasized today that gay Americans, like all Americans, are entitled to full respect and equal claim to [all] constitutional rights."
_	The testimony of Barbara Forrest in the 2005 Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District trial contributed to the ruling that intelligent design is not science and essentially religious in nature.
_	The trial ended in 1979 with the ruling that the conditions of imprisonment within the TDC prison system constituted cruel and unusual punishment in violation of the United States Constitution, with the original report issued in 1980, a 118-page decision by Judge William Justice ("Ruiz v. Estelle", 503 F.Supp. 1295).
_	(The governing body at the time, replaced by FFA in 2003) made the ruling that ethnic affiliations (club names) should be ended by Australian football clubs.
_	In October 2012, an appeal was rejected that sought to annul the ruling that acquitted the accused.
_	After the ruling that started same-sex marriage in the state, NOM filed a request with the U.S. Supreme Court, asking that the state court's ruling be stayed, to allow NOM to further pursue its case for being an intercessor, and that the matter be reviewed by the Supreme Court.
_	Hovenkamp criticizes the ruling that a concerted refusal to license could not be misuse: "Not only does it deny rivals that particular technology but it also prevents them from developing any technology independently that would infringe one or more of that patent's claims.
_	In February 2011 the LFP threatened strike action if the Spanish government did not lift the ruling that one game per week must be shown free.
_	It was not until 1867 that the claim of the de Haro's to Potrero Nuevo was finally denied, with the ruling that they held only a license to run cattle on the land but had no actual title to it.
_	In October 2011, a legal process that had taken ten years, reaching as far as the Court of Appeal, concluded with the ruling that Basildon Council has acted lawfully in refusing planning permission for the disputed portion of Dale Farm.
_	They stated in the ruling that the original language in the Elected Attorney General Act is ambiguous in stating the election "shall be after January 1, 2014," and that the attorney general referendum ratified by a majority of D.C. voters last year made it seem as though the election would take place in 2014.
_	The closing credits of the film state that, despite the ruling that war pensions should be paid in full, successive French administrations since 2002 had not done so.
_	After he was captured, he lost an appeal to overturn the ruling that sentenced him to life imprisonment in Prey Sar prison.
_	In the ruling that lifted the restrictions for a period of three years (expiring in December, 2010), Education Secretary Margaret Spellings wrote of "continued concerns stemming from AALE's being cited consistently since 2001 for either not having clear standards with respect to measuring student outcomes or not collecting and reviewing data on how institutions it accredits measures student outcomes."
_	When another Third Division club, Swindon Town, won the 1969 Football League Cup, the Anglo-Italian League Cup was organised as a way of compensating Swindon for the ruling that prevented them competing in the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup, and Swindon won a two-legged match against that year's Coppa Italia champions A.S. Roma.
_	The new decision reversed the previous Panel’s decision stating that Simple Zeroing in periodic review was not in violation of the Anti-Dumping Agreement and reversed the ruling that the US was not in compliance with the Anti-Dumping Agreement.
_	In September 2013, as Health Minister for Northern Ireland, he fought the ruling that would bring laws around LGBT adoption in N.I. into line with mainland UK.
_	Judge Jones, of the Northern Ohio District Court, handed down the ruling that the rent law is unconstitutional.
_	An impressive array of newspapers agreed with the ruling that Valger had won the bout.
_	In its statement, the Supreme People's Court - after a final retrial - made the ruling that the original sentence was based on insufficient evidence and the laws applied were improper, quashing a guilty verdict for which he received an 18-year jail term ten years ago.
_	Following the Supreme Court's decision in "Obergefell v. Hodges" that legalized same-sex marriage in the United States, Robertson stated, on the June 29, 2015 episode of "The 700 Club", in response to the ruling that, "You’re gonna say that you like anal sex, you like oral sex, you like bestiality."
_	In their explanation of the ruling that became public in August 2012, the judges of the Court of Palermo decided that De Mauro had died because he had gone too far in his quest for the truth about the last hours of Mattei in Sicily.
_	He applauded the ruling that the harassment law was unconstitutional, but criticized the application of the criminal impersonation law to non-"slight" reputational injury because the majority opinion "offers no guidance on how to distinguish 'real' reputational injury from other injury, no matter how slight."
_	Straw has stated after the ruling that a lawyer will be appointed to see if any grounds for a pardon exist, and how a pardon would affect the legal rights and status of British prisoners abroad.
_	Blonder-Tongue appealed to the Seventh Circuit, which upheld the ruling that the Isbell patent was valid and infringed.
_	Students and teachers who had been a part of the Mexican American Studies Department Programs appealed the ruling that the program should be eliminated.
_	The legal case ended with the ruling that Lanka was to pay the prize.
_	On June 23, 2011, the Georgia Court of Appeals upheld the ruling that would enable Cox to drop WPGA from its lineup, effective July 28.
_	Loßberg studied the battlefield from a hill north of Péronne then toured units, reiterating the ruling that no ground be abandoned regardless of the tactical situation.
_	On June 11, 2013, the DOHMH went to court to fight the ruling that blocked the limit.
_	After the ruling that allowed 20-year-olds to play in the league, teams began attempting to "buy" championship teams by going after former Major Junior players.
_	In 2015 he criticised the ruling that decided that the Marxist–Leninist Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) could exercise their democratic right to disrupt the parliament.
_	One of the PDRC's co-speakers, Ekkanut, stated immediately after the ruling that PDRC respected the ruling and that Yingluck's government was "stubborn" about finishing the election process while it was not yet ready.
_	The south ignored the ruling that the U.S Supreme Court made about public transportation not being segregated because segregation was unconstitutional.
_	Thus, the enhancement for obstruction of justice for feigning mental illness on his competency evaluation, adding two points to the sentencing recommendations, was upheld, as was the ruling that because of the feigned illness, the defendant was not accepting responsibility for his behavior for the purposes of a guilty plea, and therefore no reduction in sentence was appropriate.
_	Presiding Judge Franco Falcon, pointed out in the ruling that the board is not the kind described by the law as being formed to perpetrate an illegal act for the board of directors were elected by stockholders.
_	Consumer Focus welcomed the ruling that bill payers couldn't automatically be assumed to be guilty of any alleged copyright violation on their internet connection, commenting that "Consumers should not be subject to the type of threatening letters Golden Eye intended to send to more than 9,000 O2 customers".
_	He immediately instructed the minister of Justice Germán Garavano to withdrew the appeal, which ratified the ruling that declared it unconstitutional.
_	Both sides are expected to appeal portions of the ruling that they do not agree with.
_	They stated in the ruling that original language in Elected Attorney General Act is ambiguous in stating the election "shall be after January 1, 2014," and that the attorney general referendum that was ratified by a majority of D.C. voters last year made it seem as though the election would take place in 2014.
_	In 2009, the ruling that freemasons had to declare if they were judges or magistrates was scrapped by Straw after fears that he would lose a court case at the European Court of Human Rights.
_	Eady denied in the ruling that he was "introducing a law of privacy by the back door", which had been a common criticism of his decisions in the UK media, and stated that the principles involved in the ruling were "readily apparent from the terms of the Human Rights Act, and indeed from the European Convention itself."
_	They officially denied any links to creation or religion, and claimed that "creationism" only referred to young Earth creationism with Flood geology; but in "Kitzmiller v. Dover" the court found intelligent design to be religious, and unable to dissociate itself from its creationist roots, as part of the ruling that teaching intelligent design in public school science classes was unconstitutional.
_	This rule was adopted to solve the dispute over the legitimate successor of John I of France, the short-lived son of deceased Louis X of France in favour of Philip V of France (brother of Louis and uncle of John) over Joan II of Navarre (daughter of Louis and sister of John), the ruling that ""Women do not succeed the kingdom of France"".
_	Bayern was also affected by the ruling that football players had to be full amateurs again.
