_	In Naughty Dog's 2016 game "", in which protagonist Nathan Drake is seen playing a level from the original "Crash Bandicoot", further adding to the rumor that a return for the series was imminent.
_	It was thought possible, prior to the carbon dating of the manuscript, that Dee or Kelley might have written it and spread the rumor that it was originally a work of Bacon's in the hopes of later selling it.
_	Pastora had complained about such charges as early as March 1985, claiming that "two 'political figures' in Washington told him last week that State Department and CIA personnel were spreading the rumor that he is linked to drug trafficking in order to isolate his movement."
_	In 1889, by means of the socialist press, Bacalbașa popularized the rumor that a Conservative-"Junimist" cabinet was working on expelling Gherea from the country.
_	Operation Bulldozer Leak (July 21, 1976) was designed to "effectively spread the rumor that will lead Government, media, and individual SPs [Suppressive Persons] to conclude that LRH [L. Ron Hubbard] has no control of the C of S [the Church of Scientology] and no legal liability for church activity."
_	When Bob Dylan was about to perform at the Isle of Wight Festival in August 1969, English critic Michael Gray asked Grossman about the rumor that The Beatles might appear on-stage with Dylan.
_	It is not known when Liu Rengong was born—although he was said to be spreading the rumor that he would become a military governor ("Jiedushi") at age 48 when he later served Li Kuangwei, indicating that he was not yet 48 by that point.
_	Furthering the controversy, Haluska publicly denied the rumor that he was considering a transfer just one week before officially transferring to Iowa City.
_	However, since nothing had been said about Republic until then, the most exalted Republicans spread the rumor that the Emperor had chosen Gaspar Silveira Martins, political enemy of Deodoro da Fonseca since Rio Grande do Sul, to be the new head of government.
_	According to one witness present, it took two jolts before Fish died, creating the rumor that the apparatus was short-circuited by the needles that Fish inserted into his body.
_	The chief of police of Tsurumi (or Kawasaki by some accounts) is reported to have publicly drunk the well water to disprove the rumor that Koreans had been poisoning wells.
_	Nine Inch Nails "Down In It" (also brought international notoriety and FBI investigation into the rumor that Trent Reznor was killed based on a super 8 film camera that got away from the film crew.)
_	Fallon is icy and, jealous of her daughter's love for Blake, a spiteful Alexis begins to spread the rumor that he is not Fallon's father.
_	In "The Party", Fallon confronts her mother about the rumor that Blake is not her father.
_	The 23-point order instructed GO members to spread the rumor that CSICOP was a CIA front organization set up "to discredit any and all psychic phenomena in order to keep this subject under CIA control and in order to squash paranormal research outside the CIA."
_	During lunch break, Mikiya's friend from the judo club, Gakuto, quizzes him about the rumor that he is going out with Shiki.
_	Sinatra asked United Artists to withdraw the film from circulation because he heard the rumor that Lee Harvey Oswald had seen it prior to shooting President Kennedy.
_	Bakkila denied the rumor that he was dril, but said dril was "a friend" and that dril had contributed to the Horse_ebooks sequel, "Bear Stearns Bravo".
_	"Uncle" Russ Gibb was the WKNR-FM disc jockey who helped to spread the rumor that Paul McCartney was dead.
_	Then a strange story a few decades later came to start the rumor that the little King John was not dead.
_	Lloyd's of London has rejected me 37 times so if you hear the rumor that they insure anybody, don't pay too much attention to it."
_	Jessica then continued the rumor that Hannah had ruined her relationship with Alex.
_	However partisans of Constantine in the army spread the rumor that their emperor had been poisoned.
_	Thom wrote of her performance that, "Through her extraordinary performances, Gamson gave audiences the opportunity to understand and appreciate the craftsmanship of Duncan's choreography, forever doing away with the rumor that Duncan's dances were improvised.
_	The official version of Rede Globo, related in the book "Jornal Nacional - A Notícia Faz História", however, is that the broadcaster did not suppress news of the Diretas Já rally and the rumor that the broadcaster announced the event as part of the commemorations of the city's anniversary is false.
_	Another factor in the success of the record may have been the rumor that the lyrics were intentionally slurred by the Kingsmen—to cover up the alleged fact that the lyrics were laced with profanity, graphically depicting sex between the sailor and his lady.
_	The Burgundians promoted the rumor that Charles was a bastard.
_	Kubota also spread the rumor that "Enola Gay" means "Kill the Emperor" in Yiddish.
_	When the player is in the faction HQ before he is taking a mission, conversations are heard between the faction leader and the mercenary leader; for example, on one occasion they discuss the rumor that the Jackal has cancer and only a few months left to live.
_	Ethel is an expert swimmer, and on reading in the paper the rumor that a mermaid has made several appearances in the water of the Atlantic, he decides to have his daughter pose as the mysterious lady of the sea.
_	The local priests spread the rumor that the government had poisoned the rivers and streams for the purpose of wiping out the indigenous population, and repopulating it with foreigners.
_	After the convention, Douglas's supporters spread the rumor that the note sent to Hannegan had read "Bill Douglas or Harry Truman," not the other way around.
_	When confronted with the rumor that she ran "a conspiratorial network of young critics," Kael said she believed that critics imitated her style rather than her actual opinions, stating, "A number of critics take phrases and attitudes from me, and those takings stick out—they’re not integral to the writer’s temperament or approach".
_	Suspicion is thrown upon the countess and, to escape all, Stanley spreads the rumor that the countess is dead.
_	However, the rumor that women burned their bras at the protest is not true.
_	Apparently, the source of the rumor that Zubaydah was unbalanced was his personal diary, in which he adopted various personas.
_	The two are discussing Simo's son, Calidorus, and the rumor that he wants to buy his true love's freedom.
_	In 1778, a break occurred between Eva Löwen and Gustav III when she was pointed out as one of the instigators behind the rumor that the king had asked Adolph Fredrik Munk af Fulkila to impregnate the queen and that Munck was consequently the father of the father the Crown Prince: the queen dowager supported this hypothesis, and Löwen took the side of the queen dowager against the king during the scandal, which caused her to fall out of favor with Gustav III.
_	This may have led to the rumor that large numbers of San Franciscans turned out for Lazarus' funeral.
_	He also spreads the rumor that Jim is not as powerful as Michael.
_	Instead of returning him to the Low Countries for his sentence to be executed, Philip II of Spain had Floris strangled in secret despite the pleas of his new wife Anna of Austria to release Floris, and spread the rumor that he had died of disease.
_	In a 2010 interview with Eddie Trunk on "That Metal Show", Kip himself denounced the rumor that he told MTV to not make fun of him.
_	Shields dispelled the rumor that a blown tire had been the catalyst of the accident.
_	The quality of tapes on early fansubs lead to the rumor that Nausicaä does not wear any pants.
_	This, along with his penchant for wearing a black sombrero and similarly styled clothing, started the rumor that he had come from South America and was "of Spanish or Portuguese extraction".
_	It was referenced in "The Star Trek Encyclopedia" (prior to "L.A. Law", Muldaur had played Dr. Katherine Pulaski during season 2 of "") in which Pulaski's biography says: ""There is no truth to the rumor that an ancestor of Dr. Pulaski was killed falling down the elevator shaft at a prestigious Los Angeles law firm.""
_	By May 16, 1842, the "New York Herald" reported the rumor that "promiscuous intercourse" was being practiced in Nauvoo.
_	She spreads the rumor that Kay was mentally disturbed, saying to Priss, "A lot of basic things were the matter.
_	Meany may also have been the source for the sensational sidelight that Stallings' motive for this may have been the rumor that the A's may have sabotaged the Shibe Park visiting clubhouse (with war clouds gathering in Europe as World War I was just beginning).
_	Disbelief about the sincerity of the Tabari's conversion has been fed by the fact that after giving a confessional speech to other political prisoners at Evin prison he was asked by the prison warden "to deny outright the rumor that he had cast himself into the role of a `Galileo,`"
_	Dirk Baddison (played by Jamie Johnston) is the actor who portrays the vampire named James in the "Dusk" series, he appears in "Welcome Back Dusker" when Ethan starts the rumor that he's coming to Whitechapel, in order to get Sarah to come back.
_	Years later, Hearst spoke to a journalist about the rumor that he had murdered Tom Ince.
_	In February 2008, Porta was again embroiled in controversy when the rumor that Porta had died of an overdose had spread across the network.
_	Autaritus spread the rumor that Carthaginian prisoners led by Gisco were plotting to escape.
_	She is aghast to see confirmation of the rumor that he took the cowardly action of wounding himself to escape the battle, and she denounces him.
_	On February 3, the rumor that pyriproxyfen, not the Zika virus, is the cause of the 2015-2016 microcephaly outbreak in Brazil was raised in a report of the Argentinean organization Physicians in the Crop-Sprayed Villages (PCST).
_	At the time it gave rise to the rumor that Giraud was planning to abandon his co-creation and that Rouge was groomed to take over the series.
_	"I had nothing to do with [the rumor that I taught Buddy how to play].
_	When the rumor that officials were preparing a new census for the Laborío Tribute Collection spread throughout the mulatto neighborhoods, at least 200 people took to the streets, threatening to burn the residence of the mayor.
_	"I had nothing to do with [the rumor that I taught Buddy how to play].
_	Even though the inscription does not explicitly refer to the rumor that the tower was built for the tomb for the prince Ziyarid ruler, it is believed that the Sultan's body was put in a glass coffin and was suspended from the ceiling of the tower.
_	Through Tedder repeatedly claimed that Nintendo hadn't contacted him regarding Project Unreality, the rumor that Nintendo halted the emulator's development spread throughout the emulation scene; it has been suggested that UltraHLE's development was carried out in secret directly as a result of this rumor.
_	It is revealed that her aunt, who opposed the marriage, spread the rumor that Otsuyu had died and told Otsuyu in turn that Saburo had died.
_	Michael tells about the rumor that's been passing around the village and Chandy comforts
_	After Callender left Scotland, Lord Gardenstone exposed him as the author; the journalist's reputation was also marred by the rumor that he had implicated Gardenstone.
_	Through Paul Blaine (Chandler), one of her classmates, she learns of the rumor that Sir Simon killed his wife Eleanor.
_	They gained people's support after blaming him for the starvation and defeat that Silla has suffered by spreading the rumor that heavens has forsaken Silla for having an immoral king.
_	The addition of Babao and Davila on "Bandila" falsified the rumor that they will leave ABS-CBN and transfer to a different TV network after being removed from "TV Patrol".
_	The Longfellows celebrated this tradition based on the rumor that the Washingtons held their 17th wedding anniversary at the Vassall-Craigie-Longfellow House while Washington was living there as his first headquarters during the American Revolutionary War.
_	Tacitus recounts the rumor that Augustus had decided to reverse his decision and make Postumus his successor.
_	He posted them as part of a video on his blog, intending to advance the rumor that Cochran was having affairs while his wife was receiving care.
_	To them, the rumor that their enemies the Vaygr are the Sajuuk-Khar- "The Chosen One"- is a dire omen and proof of Sajuuk's anger.
_	In this context, it seems likely that Louisa's kindness toward the Confederate wounded played into the whispering campaign or even provided the germ of the rumor that the Kentucky-born officer's wife was actually the Louisiana general's sister; however, no one seems to have recorded any explicit charges against her, either officially or unofficially.
_	However, the study also showed that some people who had initially believed Obama to be a Christian later believed the rumor that he is a Muslim.
_	Fulci was her favorite director, and in interviews she dispelled the rumor that he was a misogynist.
_	They highly praised the originality, animation, and musical score, and remarked that it firmly disproved the rumor that the PlayStation cannot do side-scrolling games well.
_	This led to the rumor that this chocolate was only for officers.
_	The Royal Geographical Society and The Zoological Society, both interested in announcing new finds, seemed to have encouraged the rumor that Mouhot — whom they had sponsored to chart mountains and rivers and catalog new species — had discovered Angkor.
_	This started the rumor that Roddenberry had received the first Mac-Plus off the production line.
_	Lacan spread the rumor that Ricœur had plagiarized his ideas, and some of Lacan's followers became convinced of its truth.
_	During his reign, Claudius revived the rumor that his father Drusus was actually the illegitimate son of Augustus, to give the appearance that Augustus was Claudius' paternal grandfather.
_	She wanted to explore the rumor that Rolf Fehlbaum bought the rights to the archives in lieu of an engagement ring for his fiancée, the Italian architectural historian Frederica Zanco.
_	The mayor-elect confesses that his campaign spread the rumor that Byerley had never and could not hit a man, to provoke someone to challenge him.
_	AllMusic's Jason Elias attributed its "minimalist and artful sound" to the rumor that the horn tracks were lost during its recording.
_	In retaliation, the Wizard has Madame Morrible spread the rumor that Elphaba is a "Wicked Witch", to turn the public against her.
_	After Armondo Cellini had sent the telegram in the provincial capital, he heard the rumor that Evelyne's engagement with Pedro dal Vegas was imminent.
_	In 2014, when Barkley was asked about the rumor that Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson was being accused for not being "black enough" on the radio show "Afternoons" with Anthony and Rob Ellis, he said:
_	He explained that he wanted to explore opportunities and pursue other interest, debunking the rumor that he opted for resignation because of his strong opinions.
_	However, Laura starts spreading the rumor that mono is a kissing disease and that Melanie got it by kissing every boy under the sun.
_	He also cleared the rumor that he never wanted to win, saying, "I never set my sights on winning because it would've driven me crazy...
_	Shinozaki wrote that , the then Mayor of Syonan, told Shinozaki to carry out that mission and said that "I've heard the rumor that in Hong Kong they throw the civilians into the sea, but I don't want to do that.
_	Ms. Landman's research, which began in 1998, further reveals that Liggett & Myer's marketing campaign several months before the release of the Surgeon General's 1964 Report on Smoking and Health was directed at creating the rumor that medical scientists endorsed Lark as the safest cigarette.
_	Sarguna, a district social welfare officer from Kanchipuram, along with Shanthi, the chief educational officer, the Alandur Tashildar and the Chromepet police descended upon the school for the purpose of verification of the rumor that they had received via SMS.
_	Partisans of Constantine spread the rumor that Martina had had Constantine poisoned in order to take control, as regent for Heraklonas.
_	The "Times" also repeated the rumor that the firm's private files had been broken into and circulated directly after the failure, possibly by a clerk.
_	This, however, was caught on camera, and started the rumor that she was dating 'Dunk Mask'.
_	An October 1952 "Kansas City Times" essay written by a friend and admirer of RLDS Church Historian Heman C. Smith (1850 - April 17, 1919) published the rumor that the LDS Church intended to build an LDS Temple on the site today occupied by the LDS Visitors' Center.
_	As he raised his glass, President Reagan quipped there was no truth to the rumor that he was present at the banquet honoring President Adams.
_	Also notable on the album is "Not Everybody Likes Us", where Williams addresses the rumor that Kid Rock is the son of Hank Williams Jr.
_	Following the failure of various attempts on Alexander's life, Elagabalus stripped his cousin of his titles, revoked his consulship, and invented the rumor that Alexander was near death, in order to see how the Praetorians would react.
_	Schuver was the first European explorer to determine that they were two separate rivers, and in 1882 proved false the rumor that these rivers flowed from the same mountain lake.
_	Jin also denied the rumor that she comes from a wealthy or influential family, due to she's being one of the fastest-rising young actresses despite only a short time has passed since her debut.
_	The Black Hundreds are spreading the rumor that the murder was committed by the Jews for ritual purposes.
_	Hadda heard the rumor that transportation to Switzerland was being organised by the Swiss government.
_	The previous year, Paul had dated Kyle, who then dumped him and spread the rumor that Paul had 'tricked' him into being gay.
_	This power requirement led to the rumor that whenever the computer was switched on, lights in Philadelphia dimmed.
_	George Finlay records the rumor that Alexios "was suspected of having hastened his father's death."
_	On June 22, 2011, she was the first to confirm in a tweet the rumor that journalist Yair Lapid would leave his career in journalism and enter politics.
_	Aerin is shunned because of her foreign looks and the rumor that her mother was a witch who bespelled her father so she could bear an heir with noble blood.
_	It can be employed to raise an "ad hominem" or otherwise controversial attack while disclaiming responsibility for it, as in, "I refuse to discuss the rumor that my opponent is a drunk."
_	When the Armenians advanced to avenge their leader, she disguised one of her lovers as Ara and spread the rumor that the gods had brought Ara back to life, ending the war.
_	Another official historian, Al-Badāʾunī ʻAbd al-Kadir ibn Mulūk-Shāh, makes no mention of lightning bolt or weather, but explains the cause of structural collapse to be the running of elephants; Al-Badaoni includes a note of the rumor that the accident was pre-planned.
_	The name came from the rumor that Tim and Kirk had been playing together for a long period of time.
_	Many young teenagers refer to the beverages as "Bummies" and "Nutties", mainly due to the rumor that it kills sperm.
_	The band later rejected the rumor that the new album will be titled "Set This All Ablaze", although they did confirm their departure from Victory.
_	In , to explain the empty tomb, the Jewish elders bribe the soldiers who had guarded the tomb to spread the rumor that Jesus' disciples took his body.
_	He had heard the rumor that the Zubovs persuaded the Empress to sign a testament transferring the throne to her grandson Alexander and was afraid that Zubov had come to arrest him.
_	In a quick interview, Dynamic Man calls J. Edgar Hoover "a man's man" (perhaps an intentional irony because Hoover's enemies have spread the rumor that he reportedly liked to dress up in women's clothes).
_	The singer's widow, Mary Reeves (1929–1999), probably unwittingly started the rumor that he was flying the airplane upside down and assumed he was increasing altitude to clear the storm.
_	3 days later, the Việt Minh spread the rumor that they have killing Sổ and cutting off his body into three drops before throwing in the river.
_	Severe measures were taken against certain extreme Spirituals who, on the strength of the rumor that Pope Gregory X was intending at the Council of Lyon (1274–75) to force the mendicant orders to tolerate the possession of property, threatened both pope and council with the renunciation of allegiance.
_	There is apparently no truth to the rumor that the Federal aid was denied in 1940 for building docking facilities and a chlorinating system in this once popular recreational area.
_	At the time of her death, king Gustav was engaged in the Count's Feud, and his opponents in this conflict, Lübeck and Rostock, spread the rumor that he had murdered his queen by beating her in the head with a silver cane after a report from a spy that she had slandered him to Christian while dancing.
_	Yeah, there was the rumor that he burned all the tapes.
_	We tried it once, because of the rumor that Brian has burned the tapes, and I wanted to see if that would work.
_	Zhordania ordered the guard to spread the rumor that Azerbaijan had been the aggressor, and not Russia.
_	Over the years, he attracted controversy for his reputation for patronage and as a political kingmaker in Putnam County - the local newspaper cited the rumor that his preferred method of handling political opposition was to "kill them in the cradle."
_	He also learns the rumor that the kidnapped girl is an Idris, a false god of Anacaona mythology, which Grainger suspects means an earlier starfaring race that created the Anacaona.
_	In 1992 the Sam Davis Memorial Association, who manage the Sam Davis Home on behalf of the State of Tennessee, were inundated with complaints from Confederate supporters angered by the rumor that the battle flag of the Confederacy no longer flew at the Sam Davis Home.
_	Williams also explained that he created a brand that was consciously different from the expectations that preceded the official launch, such as the rumor that Williams was going to only recruit African-American skateboarders.
_	Obviously present because of the rumor that Wesley will address the issue of women preaching.
_	At the same time, panic begun engulfed Malacca when the rumor that the surrounding Malay chiefdoms were gathering to invade Malacca spread and there soon emerged repeated demands for the expedition to return to defend the town.
_	In an interview with ScifiNow, Lachman responded to the rumor that she would star in the upcoming television show based on "Star Wars" by saying, "I am a huge George Lucas fan.
_	Minami learns of the rumor that Keima is dating Kanon Nakagawa, but when Keima shows up in her class, she does not remember who he is.
_	When news of Thompson's death passed through the city, along with the rumor that the Chinese in Negro Alley "were killing whites wholesale", more men gathered around the boundaries of Negro Alley.
_	In writing about the rumor that this may be the last LCD Soundsystem album, Cam Lindsay of Exclaim!
_	She confesses her pregnancy to her two best friends, Madison and Lauren, who accidentally spread the rumor that Amy had sex with Ricky.
_	Despite his love for Berlin, he was also dissatisfied with his father's move to the city, and spread the rumor that, in the eyes of his family and friends, Ion Luca's departure was interpreted as "insane" (while alleging that Caragiale-father was planning to author plays in German, with assistance from Mite Kremnitz, the one-time lover of poet Mihai Eminescu).
_	"To Selena, With Love" dispelled the rumor that Selena was pregnant when she died (which had appeared in media reports after her death).
_	The producers also instigated the rumor that multiple endings would be filmed; in fact, only one was planned and shot.
_	Before leaving Florence after she had ended the affair, she made a statement before a public notary in which she said she had, of her own free will, refused to marry Costetti and strongly denied the rumor that she had been forced into seclusion by her relatives declaring "I am an adult and no one can impose their will on me".
_	Ronnie soon hears the rumor that her father burned down the church from some locals.
_	He finally gets to play the real Hickory Short; a Walter Winchell column reports the rumor that Nick beat Hickory to the tune of $300,000.
_	The specific actions of Lafayette the day after reaffirmed the rumor that the nobles had planned to take away the King, thus creating the legend of the conspiracy of the "chevaliers du poignard".
_	When the rumor that the Swedes were advancing reached the Norwegian companies, Captain Heyerdahl decided to pull his company back to Fetsund, while Captain Zarbell stationed his troops west of the farm Lund, east of Hemnes Church.
_	Geraghty wrote that releasing his birth certificate could debunk several false rumors circulating on the Internet, namely: that his middle name was originally Muhammad rather than Hussein; that his mother had originally named him "Barry" rather than "Barack"; and that Barack Obama Sr. was not his biological father, as well as the rumor that Barack Obama was not a natural-born citizen.
_	Some media have spread the rumor that the acronym is derived from the Dutch phrase "Bewust Onbeschonken Bestuurder" which translates to "Consciously Non-Drunk Driver" or 'deliberately sober driver'.
_	In early September 2007, archbishop Loris Francesco Capovilla, private secretary to Pope John XXIII, who witnessed Pope John open the envelope of the third secret, said there was no truth in the rumor that the Vatican was suppressing a vision of the end of the world.
_	While the galleons and the captured ship remained at Cascais, Fajardo's rivals let out the rumor that the squadron had suffered a disaster.
_	Soon after a young family, who was also depicted in the book, dies in a plane crash, the rumor that everyone depicted in the book will die spreads like wildfire.
_	At work, Wilhelmina also learned from Marc that Cal and Claire are having dinner and the rumor that she might be replaced by Isabella, who works for "Vogue France."
_	Luis was immediately shot, contrary to the rumor that he was not in fact shot until a month later "in reprisal for an air raid".
_	Stevens of the rumor that his poems were "hideous ghosts"
_	During Fausot's first date with Nanda, he mistakenly falls prey to the rumor that all Jewish girls are easy.
_	He convinces Edward to drink too much brandy at the local tavern and then spreads the rumor that Edward has fallen and is a no good drunk.
_	Nonetheless, this interruption in production is believed to be the source of the rumor that Fiesta’s red glaze was removed from the market because it was radioactive.
_	While Shilts's book does not make such an allegation, the rumor that Dugas was the principal disseminator of the virus became widespread.
_	Alexander, who is depicted as lazy, lecherous, drunk, and malignant, including the rumor that he planned to castrate the young Constantine VII in order to exclude him from the succession.
_	In May 1942, the 8th was without any aircraft, and the men of the squadron settled down to enjoy the rumor that eventually it would receive A-20 Havocs.
_	The Emperor told Yasubei to present him anpan every day, and because of the rumor that the Emperor ate anpan, the popularity of bread, and especially anpan, began spreading around the country.
_	Unfortunately, Sherrod also admitted to being responsible for spreading the rumor that Joe Rosenthal's famous photograph of the Marines' second flag raising on Mount Suribachi was "staged"; he later confessed that he was wrong and apologized.
_	"'Perhaps His Majesty the Emperor will be executed' is the rumor that is flowing throughout the village."
_	Bischoff has disputed the rumor that he hired Warrior merely to give Hogan an opportunity to avenge his WrestleMania VI loss.
_	Bleiler also suggests that Hersey may have started the rumor that he was let go for buying too much of his own material, as this would have been less harmful to his reputation than a dismissal for failure.
_	An interview with Vikernes about Nasjonal Samling founder Vidkun Quisling, executed in 1945 for high treason by the Norwegian government after the end of the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany, is the main source for Vikernes admiration of him, and the source for the rumor that Quisling had some influence on certain extreme strains of Norwegian black metal.
_	However, river historian Brad Dimock and White's biographer Richard Westwood have discounted the rumor that White and Hyde were the same person.
_	Jacob spread the rumor that Eve, who was often called "Eva Romanovna" at that point, was an illegitimate child of Catherine II of Russia.
_	In 1890, Durant reinforced Chalt Fort that was near the border due to the rumor that Nagar and Hunza fighters were about to attack it, and continued redeveloping the road up to the fort.
_	In December 2010, descendants of Edwin Booth reported that they obtained permission to exhume the Shakespearean actor's body to obtain DNA samples to compare with a sample of his brother John's DNA to refute the rumor that John had escaped after the assassination.
_	The Žižkov community was so large and economically and politically powerful that a city newspaper quipped, "There is no truth in the rumor that the capital of the Czechoslovak Republic will be removed from Prague to the neighborhood of Broadway and E. 55th streets, Cleveland."
_	There is also no evidence to the rumor that he was driven out of town when word of his activities reached the ears of the townspeople — though he was often banned from countries, notably Sweden and Russia, for his controversial theological positions.
_	Fuzzy tries to get Howard a movie role but the producer refuses to cast him because of the rumor that he has AIDS.
_	The couple still must figure out how to escape from Egypt, but fortunately, the rumor that Menelaus has died is still in circulation.
_	(Livingston's accusations had been true, but the rumor that Bancroft had met with the privy council was not.)
_	Pierrepont also denied the rumor that himself and Secretary Bristow were at odds with each other.
_	He claims his brother bought the board in an antique shop, intrigued by the rumor that a "ghost in a tall hat" would appear from it sometimes.
_	Following the battle, Clarke devoted time to refuting the rumor that Custer's death had been a suicide and supporting the notion that the military leader met his end at the hands of the Indians they were fighting.
_	However, it also received criticism there because phenomenology had become unfashionable by the time it was published, and it angered the psychoanalyst Jacques Lacan, who spread the rumor that Ricœur had plagiarized his ideas.
_	After the attack of April 6, 1994, the Radio des milles collines spread the rumor that Belgian soldiers from UNAMIR were the source.
_	In despair over the trial provoked by Lora's death and the rumor that he had killed her, Yavorov
_	In November 2005 her management confirmed the rumor that she was pregnant.
_	The "Times" also repeated the rumor that the firm's private files had been broken into and circulated directly after the failure, possibly by a clerk.
_	The unfounded speculation surrounding these meetings, was that the Vatican and Koehler were discussing the potential for restoration of the Habsburg empire, relative to the rumor that Koehler was the "lost" crown prince.
_	Many years later, Steven Bartusch, brought up the rumor that Lillard had settled in Seattle and had been buried somewhere in the area.
_	Ron spread the rumor that he had been heard singing by Nelson while being held in the King County jail after being arrested for marijuana and alcohol possession, but the story has not been confirmed.
_	During a debate of Democratic presidential candidates on January 15, 2008, in Las Vegas, Nevada, the moderator, Brian Williams, asked Obama about the rumor that he was "trying to hide the fact that he is a Muslim".
_	However, he accepted the result of the following investigation, which concluded that the rumor that Cao had been behind the uprising was slander.
_	D'Amore has also denied the rumor that communication issues between TNA and NJPW had caused the match to be cancelled.
_	In the meantime Oksana gets upset because the villagers have been passing around the rumor that Vakula has killed himself.
_	In Season 1, Episode 7, a physician tries to treat a mortally afflicted Compton by puncturing his back and bleeding him, on the rumor that it has worked for some by releasing "the toxin".
_	Till because of the rumor that he had flirted with Bryant's wife, crossing the "color line".
_	Aaron was also mentioned by Muhammad in likeness to ‘Ali. Muhammad had left ‘Ali to look after his family, but the hypocrites of the time begun to spread the rumor that the prophet found ‘Ali a burden and was relieved to be rid of his presence.
_	While there is no confirmation in regard to this Jumbo Jet's final location, and many rumors persist, Roller Coaster DataBase puts forward the rumor that this coaster was the Jumbo Jet at Morey's Piers.
_	U.S. Navy Secretary Gideon Welles reacted to the rumor that Mason and Slidell had escaped from Charleston by ordering Admiral Samuel F. DuPont to dispatch a fast warship to Britain to intercept "Nashville".
_	The Swedish commander Karl Gustav Wrangel resorted to subterfuge and spread the rumor that Copenhagen had fallen and the Swedish soldiers started a false celebration.
_	Peter's father tells him that the rumor that the doll plague was started by a rivals from the East was a lie, and that it is the result of his own dark childhood dreams subconsciously infecting the quantum structure of the dolls when he created them.
_	A police expert on cults told the newspaper that the rumor that Satanists were responsible was untrue since such groups often mutilated bodies more extensively, harvest organs, and leave symbols and lit candles at the scene of their crimes.
_	Also ironic was the rumor that, following a disastrous 5-10 season, Green Bay would hire Gibbs to replace the dismissed Forrest Gregg.
_	Both films feature a variation of the rumor that Lee was challenged on the set by a Thai boxer.
_	A rep for Azalea also added that "there's no truth to the rumor that there's any conflict between her and her management."
_	With the Riddler as host, the villains discuss the ongoing “Supermen Theory” and the its effects on the metahuman community, with Tattooed Man mentioning the Sanctuary screwing up the first Tattooed Man, Sonar stating that many Green Lantern villains are now off-world, and Doctor Poison mentioning the rumor that Wonder Woman was forcefully dragged back to Themyscira.
_	As a result, much of his instruction was through translators, which led to the rumor that he was illiterate.
_	The earlier agreement between Chrysler and AMC in 1985, under which AMC would produce M-body chassis rear-drive large cars for two years from 1986–88, fed the rumor that Chrysler was about to buy AMC.
_	Spurred by the rumor that a depot would be built in the area, Charles Henry Morrill, president of the Lincoln Land Company, platted the new townsite about a mile from Collins.
_	Such circumstances caused the criticism or the guess and even the rumor that Teiken Boxing Gym in Tokyo might close.
_	This led to the rumor that Empress Taytu and her brother, "Ras" Wale Betul, intended to move the capital to Gondar and make Welle the Emperor.
_	They are officially named "Internet Modulators" ( (網絡評論員) and gained that nickname from the rumor that they can earn 50 cents on every post they send), who post massive numbers of messages as described above.
_	She also confirms that the reason for her and her mother's separation stemmed from the rumor that she had an affair with Esteban Loaiza.
_	Bashir boards the USS "Bellerophon", where Sloan explains that the assignment is to confirm the rumor that Koval, the anti-Federation head of the secretive Tal Shiar Romulan intelligence agency, and a candidate for a seat on a powerful Senate committee, suffers from Tuvan syndrome, a condition that primarily affects Vulcans and Romulans.
_	However, he becomes infatuated with alchemy, which leads townspeople to spread the rumor that he is a sorcerer.
_	In 1890, Durand reinforced Chalt Fort that was near the border due to the rumor that Nagar and Hunza fighters were about to attack it, and continued redeveloping the road up to the fort.
_	John Heilpern confirms the rumor that "K.L" was in fact a portrait of Tony Richardson, seen through Osborne's eyes.
_	It was then Mr. Peabody reminded Tommy that it is impossible to undo the damage he had done spreading the rumor that Mr. Peadbody was a thief.
_	This led to the rumor that a legal action had been filed against Zappa, a charge he vehemently denied in a CNN interview on "The Freeman Report" show of October 26, 1981.
_	The missionaries heard the rumor that June 27 was the date set by the Boxers for the extermination of the missionaries in Shanxi.
_	It was queen dowager Mama Ocllo who prevented this attempted coup by planting the rumor that Ciqui Ollco was a witch, had her and her female relative arrested (and probably executed), exiling Capac Huari to Chincheru, and had her own son installed as the next Inca.
_	The MEK bought some time for Keshmiri by spreading the rumor that the man found in the elevator was actually him.
_	Although multiple sources support the purchase of the Morey's Piers Jumbo Jet as occurring in Germany, some sources persist in the rumor that this coaster may have been the relocation of the ill-fated Jumbo Jet from Great Adventure (now Six Flags Great Adventure).
_	Pastora had complained about such charges as early as March 1985, claiming that "two 'political figures' in Washington told him last week that State Department and CIA personnel were spreading the rumor that he is linked to drug trafficking in order to isolate his movement."
_	After failing various attempts to slay his cousin, Elagabalus decided to strip his cousin of his titles, revoking his consulship, and invented the rumor that Alexander was near death, in order to see how the Praetorians would react.
_	Three Mercury flights later, Astronaut Wally Schirra manually blew "Sigma 7"'s hatch after recovery when his spacecraft was on the deck of the recovery ship, in a deliberate attempt to dispel the rumor that Grissom might have blown the capsule's hatch deliberately.
_	Jeff about the rumor that Gidget sleeps around, admitting that it's a lie and that Gidget only had one affair with a guy named "Moondoggie".
_	In the novel "Making Money", it is shown that Wuffles has, at some recent point, died; reinforcing Vetinari's affection for the dog is the rumor that every week he makes a short (and via a different path) walk to Wuffles' small grave in the palace grounds, every time leaving a dog biscuit, though this may be entirely untrue, or may simply be done to add a layer of apparent human weakness to those seeking one.
_	During the process against him, Anna was accused of having planted the rumor that Karin had used witchcraft to make the king fall in love with her, thereby causing him to become insane by the magic.
_	When Carrie floats the rumor that Haqqani is still alive, Aayan gets very disconcerted, maintaining that Haqqani is dead and that he saw the body himself.
_	As Suzanne is traveling under her own identity, Jehan is confused and asks Keith about the rumor that he was to arrest The Flame.
_	The GO carried out covert campaigns on his behalf such as Operation Bulldozer Leak, intended "to effectively spread the rumor that will lead Government, media, and individual <nowiki>[</nowiki>Suppressive Persons<nowiki>]</nowiki> to conclude that LRH has no control of the C of S and no legal liability for Church activity".
_	Angle has repeatedly denied "the rumor that she's a Scientologist", stating that the controversy had been "largely distorted".
