_	Later on, Haley wanting to help Alex (Ariel Winter) who is being ignored by her classmates like and they treat her like she does not exist, she changes the sign that Dylan carved for her from "Haley Dunphy Do Me" to "Alex Dunphy Do Me".
_	Deborah Levy, reviewing it in the "New Statesman", wrote, ‘Chaudhuri’s intellectual project is not so much to cross academic boundaries as to remove the sign that says: “No playing on the grass”.
_	When Sigurd Hring heard that his opponent had fallen, he instantly gave the sign that the fighting should cease.
_	The fewer you receive, the stronger the sign that you're putting the masses to sleep."
_	An absurdity is the sign that the reason does not agree with the results of the logical reasoning, but is not a sign of unreality or falseness.
_	When Aku-nna begins menstruating – the sign that she is now old enough to get married – she at first conceals it in order to stave off the inevitable confrontation.
_	At the end of the 19th century, William More Gabb stated that between the natives of Talamanca, "when puberty arrives, it is the sign that they should get married, at least on the part of the young women...
_	Voren noted that after the fall of the Berlin Wall, it became apparent that the political abuse of psychiatry in the USSR was only the tip of the iceberg, the sign that much more was basically wrong.
_	Sometimes the basis of a nickname is not the name, but its pictorial representation on the sign that becomes corrupt, through weathering, or unskillful paintwork by an amateur artist.
_	Julian Simon, a Spanish racer in the 125cc race, celebrated victory one lap early, as he was confused with the sign that his team had shown him.
_	In the spring of 2016, all communist symbols (including the sign that stated that the dam was named after Vladimir Lenin) were removed from the dam in order to comply with decommunization laws.
_	This was the sign that the revolution had begun.
_	Entrepreneurial ambition was apparent in the sign that he fixed above the door at the front of the shop:
_	The student collects Ishmael's belongings and among them he finds the sign that he saw before ("With man gone, will there be hope for gorilla?") has a backside with another message: "With gorilla gone, will there be hope for man?"
_	The hospitality of its inhabitants is another feature, a proof of this is the sign that says: "En San Rafael, Nadie es Extraño", meaning: "In San Rafael, Nobody is a stranger".
_	In 1876, he first described the sign that bears his name.
_	These findings suggested that either the ancestors of the Shailendras were originated from Central Java, or as the sign that Shailendra have established their holds on Java.
_	Reading the servant's test in "And she may say, ‘Drink,'" a Midrash asked why the servant made this the sign that would prove her to be the one (in the words of ) "whom the Lord has appointed for my master's son."
_	For example, in the Blackfeet account, Old Man and Old Woman arguing over whether people should die, with Old Woman using magic to ensure that the sign that they agreed upon gave her desired result.
_	On September 28, the marquee and the sign that were at the entrance were removed and painted over.
_	Then he sees the sign that the behemoth is coming, and the teenager knows that he has been selected to be the last prophet.
_	And as the sign that ye are truly free,
_	In recent years, considerable public controversy has arisen over certain access points to the trails leading to the sign that are located in residential areas.
_	After multiple years of pressure from neighborhood activists, the city closed a trailhead at the end of Beachwood Drive leading to the Hollyridge Trail, a popular pathway to the sign that had been open for decades.
_	In practical terms, planets in "contra-antiscion" to on another have the same ascensional times—that is, each sign takes the same amount of time to rise over the horizon as the sign that is its "contra-antiscion", for any given latitude on earth.
_	This was understood as the sign that the attack on the White House was imminent.
_	Children have to wait for the ringing of a Christmas bell (one of the decorations on the Christmas tree) – the sign that "Ježíšek/Ježiško" (little Jesus) has just passed by – to run for the presents.
_	The sign will now match the spelling on the sign that officially welcomes visitors to the town.
_	While an outside stimulus may be present, such as a stop sign, it is the individuals interpretations and knowledge of the sign that is the endogenous cue causing them to apply pressure to their brakes.
_	As the sign that manifests the divine will, the "augurium" for a magistrate was valid for a year; a priest's, for his lifetime; for a temple, it was perpetual.
_	The distinction between equal houses and whole sign houses lies in the fact that in whole sign houses the cusp of the 1st house is the beginning of the sign that contains the ascendant, while in equal houses the degree of the ascendant is itself the cusp of the 1st house.
_	It is the sign that the cathedral is the personal seat of the archbishop, the centre of unity in the diocese.
_	The space on the sign that formerly displayed what movies were showing is now advertising space for local radio stations.
_	Meanwhile, this case will be thrust at us as the sign that we are lying whenever we claim we're discriminated against".
_	A red pentagram on Ted's right palm is the sign that the change is coming.
_	He said to them: "I study to be a priest and these vestments are the sign that I belong to Jesus".
_	The overflow flag is set when the result of an operation on signed numbers does not have the sign that one would predict from the signs of the operands, e.g. a negative result when adding two positive numbers.
_	The other great deity of Uruk, An (the Sky), seems to appear in some texts, but it is not certain because the sign that indicates him (a star) can also indicate divinities in a general sense ().
_	The popularity of the trio in Australia has been cited as the sign that alerted major record companies of "Dude Ranch" commercial potential; at the time, "Dude Ranch" had spent five months on the charts and the band became famous for their staged show while on the 1997 Warped Tour.
_	It incorporates two symbols of the battle: the Safety House and the sign that had been hanged in the dining hall two weeks earlier in the May Day celebrations, reading "Not the tank will prevail, but the man".
_	In November 2009 a new vertical marquee, similar to the sign that was removed as part of the 1980 renovation, was installed.
_	The teacher declares: "On the essential point it seems to us that the American linguist is right: language is a convention, and the nature of the sign that is agreed upon remains indifferent."
_	In September 2008, the sign that had adorned the side of the historic Henderson's Relish building was stolen, and shortly afterwards was placed for sale on a local Sheffield blog.
_	Christ was painted in the dome in Byzantine Empire already in the 9th century, and painting other frescoes in the dome was at the time the sign that the church belongs to a highly peripheral region.
_	Anders is driving his car, and as he drives along, he keeps on seeing a girl giving the sign that means “I need a ride please”.
_	That was the sign that in the distant past there was a temple dedicated to the moon and venus and later it became a church.
_	This is the sign that their wishes have been granted.
_	The small top crossbar represents the sign that Pontius Pilate nailed above Christ's head.
_	However, she soon starts to recognize the sign that Henry and her own mother had and she realizes that Casey, just like Henry and her mother, is gambling.
_	In Luke's version of Jesus' warning, the abomination is not mentioned, and the sign that it is time to flee Jerusalem is explicitly said to be that Jerusalem would be surrounded by armies.
_	Polly has not noticed the sign that indicates the door belongs to an orphanage.
_	And what will be the sign that they are all about to be fulfilled?":
_	A mud-covered station wagon (which is strange because there had not been any rain in New England for over a week) veers into the Mile 81 rest area, ignoring the sign that says "closed, no services."
_	Among Scots under fifteen years old, there is the sign that, "younger white pupils rarely drew on racist discourses."
_	The figure of the 10 arches represent the prayer and the sign that is made with the hands at the moment of praying intercalando the fingers of the hands and closing them of oval form.
_	If the candle flame is shaking, fading or almost out, it is the sign that the Babi Ngepet is in danger, caught in the act by villagers, or turned back into their human form.
_	Such belief led many bankers and investors to continually waste money on bailouts, despite the sign that Daewoo was unable to engineer a turnaround and repay these bad loans.
_	The doppelgangers go through "The Second Big O" – the second O in the sign that reads "TO TO LA" which stood for TOYTOWNLAND.
_	Lonesome bumps into the sign that says "See Colorado" and runs away.
_	The interstate's highest point was said to be in the town of Brookfield, although the sign that made the declaration was taken down in the late 1990s.
_	In 2004, souvenir replicas of the sign that light up were sold to benefit the Nevada Cancer Institute.
_	In 1875, the artist Andre Gill painted the sign that was to suggest its permanent name.
_	The sign resided in the Hollywood Hills from 1923 until 1978 when it was deemed irreparable, put into storage, and replaced by the sign that stands in Los Angeles today.
_	Several people come by who have sympathy for the murderer and the rapist, but express disgust for the first man after reading the sign that identifies his crime.
_	In 1875, Gill painted the sign that was to suggest the name of the famous night-club Lapin Agile.
_	This is the sign that the ceremony is over.
_	As in the case of intercepted houses, the sign that is in the middle of the house is the sign that the native must transcend before he can progress to the next phase of the house's rulership.
_	Vic was then erected on the exterior of the Pioneer club in 1951 on the southwest corner of First Street and Fremont Street replacing the sign that simply said Pioneer Club with an image of a horse drawn covered wagon.
_	He comments in verse 26 that people had been looking for him, not because of the signs they had seen but because they had eaten of the loaves and were filled, although in verse 14 the evangelist had testified that they had seen the sign that Jesus did and from this sign they had recognised Him as the prophet foretold by Moses.
_	The chapel was enlarged between the years 1626 and 1636, after an event happened on 21 June 1625: miraculously in front of it, the cart carrying the plague victims to the cemetery of Saint Ippolito broke irremediably, the sign that plague had finished.
_	One oddity about the closure of Borders on April 17, 2011, was the sign that remained in front of the escalator leading to its permanently shuttered entrance that read "Temporarily Out of Service".
_	A posted speed limit may only apply to that road or to all roads beyond the sign that defines them depending on local laws.
_	The third night, the Storm-Bogatyr prepares for a difficult fight, asking his brothers to stay alert, and to come to his aid when there appears the sign that he is imperiled (the candle will falter, and the hanging towel will drip blood into a dish).
_	A Brahmin, Lohgawe, told Ken Arok that this radiance was the sign that Ken Dedes bears the divine quality and would be the bearer of kings.
_	For the final scene, the crew traveled to Deer Lodge, Montana to film the final scene where the two characters are on horses at the prison ranch with the sign that read Rancho Deluxe.
_	(Conventionally, the indefinite inner product is given the sign that makes formula_98 finite.)
_	The men around him, though, take this for the sign that "the soul half-left his body" and are very keen to bring 'the drowned one' to life, by throwing him up into the air on a burlap, as well as performing the 'artificial respiration' routine (which nobody knows apparently how to do properly).
_	But should Ingiborg's dog appear before him with tears running down its snout, that was the sign that her life was in imminent danger, and he should return to help his stepmother.
_	All the elements in the banner express this dedication: the painting of the girl kneeling in prayer, the rose as the sign that according to the tale left the Virgin on the cheek of the young woman to give credibility to the apparition, which finally became the symbol of the city, or the rosary that envelops the banner.
_	That was the sign that long time ago, there was a temple dedicated to the Moon and Venus and later it became a church.
_	This exponential dependence on time makes the spacetime geometry identical to the de Sitter Universe, and only holds for a positive sign of the cosmological constant, the sign that was observed to be realized in Nature anyway.
_	Already in medieval Latin palaeography, the sign that in Spanish came to be called "virgulilla" (meaning "little comma") was used over a vowel to indicate a following nasal consonant ("n" or "m") that had been omitted, as in "tãtus" for "tantus" or "quã" for "quam".
_	Saint Cyril also writes, "this kiss is the sign that our souls are united, and that we banish all remembrance of injury."
_	That is the sign that you are a truly honored person."
_	Hand configuration is determined by the shape of the hand, fingers and thumbs and is specific to the sign that is being used.
_	This is her "lusiba" (feather), which is the sign that she leaves her parental home with her father's consent
_	In it, Emiliano Zapata appears like predestining, "the signal" in his chest, the mark or spot with the form of a little hand is the sign that identifies him as "the one" by the Huehuetlatolli (the heirs of the tradition) to be their guide.
_	Dunn's manager at the time stated in defense of the sign that Parti Québécois MNA Gérald Godin himself ordered the sandwich by its name.
_	Over the next several years, patents were granted to Claude for two innovations still used today: a "bombardment" technique to remove impurities from the working gas of a sealed sign, and a design for the internal electrodes of the sign that prevented their degradation by sputtering.
_	Stat of the Night," which has become a popular part of the show but is sponsored by no one, hence the sign that says "Your logo here";
_	Examples include Garstang where the sign that leads to the high street at the heart of the town says, above the name "Garstang", "Britain In Bloom Small Town – Gold Award Winners 2002, 2005", and ""Invitation Finalists to Champion of Champions 2006"", or Guildford, which advertises its past triumph in the Town category on its welcome signs.
_	I look at him and he gives me the sign that he can’t go any more and when he feels like he can’t go, he feels like he’s more of a liability to the group than anything.
_	Anticipation is caused when some characteristic of the next sign is incorporated into the sign that is presently being performed.
_	The upper half of the sign that now protrudes translates in the local tongue as ""Go stick your head in a pig"", and is lit up only for special celebrations.
_	The smoke that I see on the horizon is the sign that there is a fire.
_	The uncial N with the cross on top is the sign that the old Neustadt Monastery, founded about 770 by Bishop of Würzburg Megingoz, used to mark its estate.
_	Beard particularly cited the Muzak and the dinging bell as Homer and Apu entered the Kwik-E-Mart in India, and the sign that read, "The Master Knows All (except combination to safe)".
_	In the music video the sign that Pursey, the rest of Sham 69 and a young boy are sitting next to is the sign for Hersham Road.
