_	This is also the signal that no more bets can be taken.
_	A side effect of this is that the slightly higher frequencies of sound waves emitted move a bit faster than the lower frequencies, making the signal that the naval stations hear have a longer duration.
_	As WZZM moved its digital signal from UHF channel 39 back to channel 13 in June 2009, these reception issues remained, and WDJT-DT2 for all intents and purposes is the signal that takes priority in station identification sequences, and is utilized as the signal source for cable and satellite providers within the Milwaukee market.
_	The diagrammed system may also include feedback, a reply or response to the signal that was given out.
_	Additional pre-production work, such as costume design, was also delayed until re-writes were completed, with Carter saying, "I’m waiting to get the signal that I’m going back to work.
_	The out-of-phase component of the signal that has the same frequency as the reference signal is also attenuated (because sine functions are orthogonal to the cosine functions of the same frequency), making a lock-in a phase-sensitive detector.
_	Conversely, the closing of the valve does not immediately stop flow at the runner entrance, which continues completely unaffected until the signal that the valve closed reaches it.
_	For example, in FM broadcasting and noise reduction systems like the Dolby system, an audio signal is deliberately distorted in ways that emphasize aspects of the signal that are subject to electrical noise, then it is symmetrically "undistorted" after passing through a noisy communication channel, reducing the noise in the signal.
_	This way, the train driver could have erroneously assumed the signal was green because of the combination of a slightly lessened attention due to the driver's short night's sleep and a routine reaction to the signal that the train's doors were closed.
_	Neurons and synapses may also have a weight that varies as learning proceeds, which can increase or decrease the strength of the signal that it sends downstream.
_	In a post-credits scene, HADES is shown to still be alive, but trapped by Sylens, who intends to interrogate HADES to find out who sent the signal that activated it in the first place.
_	Now, applying the "k"-calculus method to the signal that travels from Alice to Bob
_	The critic Robert Christgau wrote of the album, "As with Mick Jagger, of all people, the signal that self-imitation has sunk into self-parody is enunciatory ennui—vocal mannerisms that were once ur-posh are now just complacent."
_	If this magnetite is used in the migration, when the earth’s magnetic poles reverse at the dipole moment, the signal that the sea turtle nervous system receives will change the migration direction.
_	According to some analysis, this sends the signal that Rafsanjani is still linked to the Combatant Clergy Association's "moderate faction", and his "People's Experts" list is a "disapproval voting" to unfavorable Yazdi, Mesbah and Jannati.
_	Janeway orders the crew to dismantle the slipstream technology, believing it not yet ready for safe usage, while pondering where the signal that Seven received originated, given that Kim denies having sent it from the shuttle.
_	Clashes with the riot police, as it reclaimed Sorbonne from occupying students was the signal that something major
_	The Ministry of Transport report noted that the signal had a high incidence of being passed at danger and recommended that an automatic train protection system should be introduced without delay and in the interim a repeater for the signal that had been passed be installed.
_	As a rule of thumb, switch circuitry should provide up to three times the bandwidth required by the original signal specification, as this allows most instances of signal loss to be contained outside the range of the signal that is pertinent to picture quality.
_	The decision of the Council to not review the classification of Methamphetamine because of the signal that reclassification might send to potential users was heavily criticised, with the report remarking that "[to invoke this nonscientific judgement call as the primary justification for its position [regarding amphetamine] has muddied the water with respect to its role."
_	Train-mounted gap fillers eliminate the need for careful alignment and, as the driver only gets the signal that the doors have closed when the fillers have fully retracted, require no special synchronization on departure.
_	There are two theories on how the signal that is being propagated is coded in the spikes as to whether it is pulse code or rate code.
_	Injecting potassium chloride into the heart muscle disrupts the signal that causes the heart to beat.
_	Once he sees the signal that the mission has been successful, he surfaces in order to notify his admiral, even though that exposes the submarine to fire from shore batteries.
_	Then we would have sent the signal that the church and the homosexuals are two different worlds which are not to be mixed."
_	For some very strong line level signals, the signal that is plugged into the mixer might be too strong, and it might be causing audio clipping.
_	As of August 31, 2009, the signal that served Wingham since November 18, 1955, went dark."
_	As the K'Had Sajuuk's forces approach the primary anomaly, a weapons satellite opens fire on them from orbit; Rachel leaves to investigate the source of the signal that triggered the satellite, as the "Kapisi" holds its ground against enemy forces on the plateau in order to secure a runway for the landers.
_	Rachel discovers that the signal that triggered the orbital satellite was from a Taiidan carrier, which crashed on the surface after deploying the weapon; Jacob used the transponder to trigger the satellite himself before dying of starvation and exposure.
_	This core effectively ‘concentrates’ the magnetic field of the radio waves to give a stronger signal than could be obtained by an air core loop antenna of comparable size, although still not as strong as the signal that could be obtained with a good outdoor wire aerial.
_	Another critique suggests the cars send the signal that men create a dangerous environment for women, who cannot protect themselves.
_	They had no other function other than to open and close doors; their sudden, but silent appearance into a room was the signal that heralded the immediate appearance of the Tsar or Tsaritsa.
_	It is the variety of proteins and affect of the signal that fundamentally lead to the plasticity feature.
_	This plan was slowed down by regulatory concerns with Pamal's revenue share in the adjacent Capital District and the potential that the signal that would have been sold if purchased (104.9 WZMR) would not able to find new ownership in the required amount of time.
_	When the rectus femoris receives the signal that has traveled all the way from the medial side of the precentral gyrus, it contracts, extending the knee and flexing the thigh at the hip.
_	According to Railway sources, the over-speeding Hampi Express collided with stationary goods train at around 3:00 a.m when allegedly train driver overlooked the signal that kicked three coaches comprising two general bogies and one sleeper off the tracks.
_	Insertion loss, also referred to as attenuation, refers to the loss of signal strength at the far end of a line compared to the signal that was introduced into the line.
_	Current research aims at discovering "the signal that makes the cholera bacteria stop swimming and start to colonize (that is, adhere to the cells of) the small intestine."
_	Its task is that of adapting the signal that enters the multiplexer to the rate at which this signal is transmitted within the output frame (its highest clock value).
_	Under the broken windows theory, an ordered and clean environment, one that is maintained, sends the signal that the area is monitored and that criminal behavior is not tolerated.
_	Conversely, a disordered environment, one that is not maintained (broken windows, graffiti, excessive litter), sends the signal that the area is not monitored and that criminal behavior has little risk of detection.
_	This means that when the emitted signal hits waves with wavelength equal to one-half of the transmitted signal, the signal that is scattered back to the antenna will be in phase.
_	As he follows the signal that leads to his brother, Puppy battles Mother and then TrafficKing, hacking his brain to reveal where his brother is being taken; the Imagination Farms, which use human beings as hosts to lend brainpower for running Virtuality, a virtual reality device that Heaven manufactures and sells to civilians.
_	In the review Domingue stated, "Clearly, any patient with a history of recurrent infection and persistent disability is sending the signal that the phenomenon (infection with atypical bacteria) could be occurring.
_	Spider-Man of Earth-94 sets out to destroy the device which receives the signal that allows the Inheritors to transmit their life force into new bodies.
_	As long as the impedances are balanced, noise will couple equally into the two wires (and be rejected by a differential amplifier), regardless of the signal that is present on them.
_	It was the signal that started Komitet Obrony Robotników (KOR), a movement which was successful in uniting the workers and intellectuals against the communist government, which eventually led to the birth of the Solidarity movement.
_	Similarly, applying the "k"-calculus method to the signal that travels from Bob to Alice
_	Successive cascade signals can result in higher levels of noise being introduced into the signal that can interfere with the final output.
_	Once their rat gave the signal that it found something, an Apopo Mine Technician would search the area.
_	E.g. lying down stimulates cilia and standing up stimulates cilia, however, for the time spent lying the signal that you are lying remains active, even though the membrane resets.
_	Tampering with or modifying the signal that the oxygen sensor sends to the engine computer can be detrimental to emissions control and can even damage the vehicle.
_	Eventually the Molluscari’s underwater search is successful and the crew pick up the signal that the Headhunter has been searching for.
_	Preserving the color framing sequence of video across edits and between channels in video effects was an important issue in early analog composite videotape editing systems, as cuts between different color sequences would cause jumps in subcarrier phase, and mixing two signals of different field dominance would result in color artifacts on the part of the signal that was not in sync with the output color frame sequence.
_	It is a splendid aggregation of musicians, to say the least, and I need not add that my tired feet forgot their tired feeling as soon as the first strains from the instruments were heard, and I danced with glee until the "Home, sweet home" gave the signal that the show was at an end."
_	Politburo members also started to openly condemn the excesses of the NKVD under Yezhov's leadership, all of which gave the signal that Yezhov was falling from Stalin's favour.
_	Precisely, the impulse response of the ideal matched filter, assuming white (uncorrelated) noise should be a time-reversed complex-conjugated scaled version of the signal that we are seeking.
_	The presence of so many individuals reinforces the signal that each wasp sends to potential predators to stay away.
_	Towards noon, a white flag was put by Berthe on the "Rougeat" field – the signal that the Germans were arriving.
_	Tuning boxes work by connecting to certain existing sensors on the engine and manipulating the signal that they send to the car's ECU.
_	A secondary period of  seconds (17 31) is believed to be caused by a superhump—an elevated outburst in the signal that occurs with a period slightly longer than the orbital period.
_	Reinach also argued that "if Americans stop caring, the tyrants of the world will get the signal that it is open season on religious dissidents" leading to their deaths, so the USCIRF should be reauthorized to prevent this.
_	When Datis surrendered and was ready for retreat, the Ionians climbed the trees and gave the Athenians the signal that the cavalry had left.
_	A sequence of the spin echo type must instead wait for the exhaustion of the signal that is formed spontaneously after the application of the excitation impulse before it can produce an echo (free induction decay).
_	The driver of a fourth train, coasting with no traction current, saw the other trains and managed to come to a stop behind the other two and the signal that should have protected them, which was showing a yellow "proceed with caution" aspect instead of a red "danger" aspect.
_	The shift to high frequency electrical activity in GnRH neurons is the signal that initiates puberty.
_	Tyrwhitt turned to assist Keyes on receipt of the signal that he was being chased, sighted "Stettin", but lost her in the mist before coming upon "Fearless" and her destroyer squadron.
_	Chess writer Dennis Monokroussos once remarked of Andersson's style, For most of us, if we're playing a peer and major exchanges occur, a quick draw is the likely result [...] for Andersson [...] exchanges [are] often not the prelude to a quick draw but the signal that it [is] time for his opponent to start suffering.
_	To create the signal that will destroy the 4-5-6, Jack sacrifices Steven.
_	They give her a coat and put her on one of their horses but it turns out that she is the bait for a band of robbers and she gives the signal that the trap has worked.
_	A DSB-AM modulation scheme with an appropriately large baseband DC offset, to produce the demodulating tone superimposed on the modulated audio spectra, is one way to generate the signal that encodes the desired baseband audio spectra.
_	The mutation occurs in a gene that regulates the transmission of chemical signals within pituitary cells; it permanently switches on the signal that tells the cell to divide and secrete growth hormones.
_	At 1:45 a.m. on November 1, Emory signaled back to Regimental Headquarters, "The Omnibus is Full" - the signal that the Battalion was in position.
_	It simply redistributes the power by increasing the bandwidth over which the signal is present while decreasing the amplitude of the signal that occurs at the nominal oscillation frequency.
_	When they heard the sound of the bugle, the signal that they had taken the town, they were to stop firing.
_	They transfer their information to the reader by modulating the signal that is reflected back to the reader by the tag.
_	Preserving the color framing sequence of video across edits and between channels in video effects was an important issue in early analog composite videotape editing systems, as cuts between different color sequences would cause jumps in subcarrier phase, and mixing two signals of different field dominance would result in color artifacts on the part of the signal that was not in sync with the output color frame sequence.
_	For Grandi the approval of the OdG would be the signal that the King was waiting for.
_	It is the modification of the analog write signal, shifting transitions somewhat in time, in such a way as to ensure that the signal that will later be read back will be as close as possible to the unmodified write signal.
_	A linear filter is just a convolution of the signal with the filter’s coefficients, so the series of the coefficients is the signal that the filter responds to maximally.
_	The mountain groups placed great hope on the parachutees, awaiting money, arms, and munitions, but especially the signal that America was about to go to war.
_	The matrix and its wiring, however, reflect some of the light, and thus the photocathode layer can only receive the remainder of the incoming light; the reflection reduces the signal that is available to be captured.
_	Daniel is urged to manually override the signal that caused the lockdown, releasing Adam from the building's private network.
_	Rebels seized mail coaches near Dublin, giving the signal that the revolt was to begin.
_	This was the signal that the MFA gave to take over strategic points of power in the country and "announced" that the revolution had started and nothing would stop it except "the possibility of a regime's repression".
_	Ships making use of the MF marine bands often use inverted L antennas as these are able to radiate a significant proportion of the signal that is vertically polarized.
_	His wife called the police next morning to report that her husband was missing and after two hours of investigation the police found the car with the aid of the signal that was emitted by his mobile phone.
_	Essentially, the brain is looking for frequency notches in the signal that correspond to particular known directions of sound.
_	The logic here is that competition created by binding sites elsewhere in the bacterial genome may limit the signal that can be realized from a single binding site that is present upstream of the reporter.
_	During ear infection bouts, the quality of the signal that reaches the auditory regions of the brains of a subset of children with OM is degraded in both timing and magnitude.
_	Therefore, the spectrum of the signal that excites the vibration determines which patterns are actually nodally displayed.
_	That would be the signal that it was time to turn left again, and track the 168 degree course line to the WONT intersection.
_	Regina and Rumple both took strides forward, and that sends the signal that the front half of the season won't be all Frozen all the time - unlike the trip to Neverland last year."
_	About two in the morning, Wash gave the signal that Union troops were approaching the house, looking for Ack.
_	With the knowledge that Radiofrequency MASINT was being used to pick up an internal frequency in radio receivers, it would be possible to design a shielded receiver that would not radiate the signal that RAFTER monitored.
_	A line-level attenuator in the preamp or a power attenuator after the power amplifier uses electrical resistance to reduce the amplitude of the signal that reaches the speaker, reducing the volume of the output.
_	The LD signal generated therefore has two limits upon the signal that can be generated.
_	In a large installation of electromechanical relays, it would be difficult to determine which device originated the signal that tripped the circuit.
_	At the end, they find out that it was the signal that they were singing about in the song.
_	He flashed the signal that paratroopers were on the way, to General Biamby.
_	From the formula above, it appears that a spectrogram contains no information about the exact, or even approximate, phase of the signal that it represents.
_	When Datis surrendered and was ready for retreat, the Ionians climbed the trees and gave the Athenians the signal that the cavalry had left.
_	On the largest will stand Saint Enda's well and altar, and the round tower of the church where the bell was sounded which gave the signal that Saint Enda had taken his place at the altar.
_	Tony traces the theft to her, and after he says that her wounded brother had been on the ship, she realizes that it was the signal that sent her brother to his death.
_	A puppet that looks at the ceiling sends of the signal that it is not interested in the audience.
_	Martin sends the signal that this time Schweinhafen has been destroyed.
_	The investigation into a collision in August 1875 revealed that it was normal practice at Newton to ignore the signal that controlled movements from the siding to the main line, as a result of which it was decided to interlock the signals and points here, one of the first such installations to be authorised on the South Devon Railway.
_	A signal has been intercepted from Tokyo to Geneva and it's the signal that the Japanese are surrendering'.
_	Long QT syndrome, a hereditary disorder that usually affects children or young adults, slows the signal that causes the ventricles to contract.
_	Hence the noise or radiation signature of the object is generating the signal that is computed for range.
_	In modern popular culture, it is assumed that "thumbs down" was the signal that a defeated gladiator should be condemned to death; "thumbs up", that he should be spared.
_	The example highlights another important fact not readily apparent in other signals problems: that a configuration is not the signal that is observed; rather, its image as a sentence is observed.
_	It is sending the signal that Muslims are not welcome here."
_	Muscle is a result of three factors that overlap: "physiological strength" (muscle size, cross sectional area, available crossbridging, responses to training), "neurological strength" (how strong or weak is the signal that tells the muscle to contract), and "mechanical strength" (muscle's force angle on the lever, moment arm length, joint capabilities).
_	And tick the love as motor of live and as the signal that Juanes wants to give in this song.
_	The WTMM method uses continuous wavelet transform rather than Fourier transforms to detect singularities singularity – that is discontinuities, areas in the signal that are not continuous at a particular derivative.
_	A female attracts males by perching atop the host plant feeding area and releasing a sex pheromone as the signal that she wishes to mate.
_	Thus, unrepaired DNA damage is the signal that tells RAD9 to halt division and arrest the cell cycle in G2.
_	"Why, that surely is the signal that the enemy is approaching," said Major McMahon.
_	The anxiety is felt as an increase in bodily or mental tension, and the signal that the organism receives in this way allows for the possibility of taking defensive action regarding the perceived danger.
_	WSAG-FM's reception is strongest in the Bay City area but is very difficult to receive near the Flint and Lapeer area, as WOMC-FM tends to phase out the signal that far south, as well as WRSR 103.9; however, its signal can be received as far north as West Branch and Tawas City.
_	Also if the control can move from position 0 to 100, and the percentage of the signal that is allowed to pass equals the position of the control (i.e. 25% of the signal is allowed to pass when the control is 25% of the physical distance from the 0 point to the 100 point).
_	The bishops had also given the signal that the time for study was over.
_	By the use of tuned circuits or a piezoelectric crystal (commonly quartz), the signal that is amplified by the positive feedback remains linear and sinusoidal.
_	If the train is travelling at speed, this may be too late to stop it before the point of collision, therefore a second transmitter may be placed on the approach to the signal that applies the brakes on trains going too quickly to stop at the signal, positioned to stop trains approaching at up to 75 mph (120 km/h).
_	The wordline length is limited by the desired performance of the array, since propagation time of the signal that must transverse the wordline is determined by the RC time constant.
_	In south-east Asia, this was perceived as the signal that the INA and the League expected to receive to start its war.
_	Dave the signal that she is okay, and Dave stops throwing the game.
_	The completion of the 'Bathing the Buddha' ritual serves as the signal that encourages ordinary mortals to themselves engage in mutual water splashing.
_	The residual signal (the remainder), when compared with the residual from a similarly retuned marine core isotope record, was used to estimate the proportion of the signal that was attributable to ice volume, with the rest (having attempted to allow for the Dole effect) being attributed to temperature changes in the deep water.
_	This provides us with the signal that this might be a person we know.
_	The term "my good man" was the signal that danger was imminent.
_	Martin sends the signal that Schweinhafen has been destroyed, but during the ceremony to decorate Jenks, Dennis is brought a message that Martin's B-17 (and the crew of Capt. Jenks) is shot down.
_	Indeed, it seems likely that the signal that was interpreted as being the result of planetary companions might be instead the result of not well-studied interactions between the white dwarf and its red dwarf companion: as of 2014 all proposed orbital solutions have been refuted and it appears that the full set of timing measurements is inconsistent with any 1, 2 or 3-planet system due to poor fits to the data and unstable orbital configurations.
_	If the phrase ""l'heure des combats viendra"" ("the hour battle will come"), which was broadcast on 1 June 1944, that was the signal that the Allies would land within the next 15 days.
_	("The long sobs of autumn") was read on the BBC, that was the signal that the invasion was imminent and if the following line ""bercent mon cœur d'une langueur monotone"" (wound my heart with a monotonous languor"), which was broadcast on 5 June 1944, then the invasion would occur the next day.
_	This event leads to a transduction of the signal that activates the G protein that is bound to the receptor internally.
_	Competition between the parasite and host young for parental resources might lead to exaggeration of the aspects of the signal that most effectively exploit host parents.
_	The battalions were to advance into no man's land at but the fire of German machine-guns led both commanders asking for a pause to re-bombard the German lines but white flares fired by the Germans were mistaken for the signal that the first objective had been taken and the attack went ahead.
_	The report recommended that an automatic train protection system should be introduced without delay and in the interim a repeater for the signal that had been passed be installed.
_	It was following a further directive from headquarters on 21 January 1942 to keep his airfield "open", that Lerew, after discussion with his intelligence staff, sent the signal that made him famous: ""Morituri vos salutamus"".
_	Stanfield's people are newly dubious about using phones and Cheese reassures them that they do not have to answer the call; the call itself will serve as the signal that the meeting is ready.
_	Genetic analysis later proved that this group of genes were members of the epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor signalling pathway, and that rhomboid was needed to generate the signal that activates the EGF receptor.
_	Throughout the skits, the sound of the signal that lets the reader know that it's time to turn the page is heard.
_	By using the expansion signal, the temperature can be extracted as follows: the signal that captured by the lock-in amplifier is converted into the bending of cantilever.
_	Extrapolating from the targets already hit and the signal that Beth has received, Torchwood deduces that the agents are likely targeting a nearby military base that stores nuclear weapons; a bomb detonated in the base would likely wipe out much of the surrounding areas.
_	When an attempt by the garrison failed to dislodge the invaders from the barbican, the defenders gave the signal that they had decided to negotiate for surrender.
_	However, although the organisers decided that weather conditions were suitable the pilots disagreed, and hauled down the white flag that had been hoisted as the signal that flying would take place.
