_	The prorogations of the federal parliament in 2008 and 2009, and the speculation that such use of the royal prerogative had been advised by the sitting prime minister for political purposes, triggered protests in various cities across the country through early 2010.
_	Prevailing wind patterns in the southern Pacific add to the speculation that the Chatham Islands were the last part of the Pacific to be settled during the period of Polynesian discovery and colonisation.
_	"San José", is estimated to be worth about $1 billion (£662m) as of 2012, based on the speculation that it had up to 11 million 4-doubloons (11 million "8 escudos" gold coins; 11 million coins of 27g of 92% gold totaling 8.8 million troy ounces AGW or $11.5 billion) and many silver coins on board at the time of its sinking, similar to its surviving sister ship, "San Joaquín".
_	In her diary the next morning Tibbetts mentioned the president's announcement, and also the speculation that she might be posted to Finland.
_	The opening texts of each stanza support the speculation that the song was written with Jane in mind: "I dream of Jeanie" (verse one); "I long for Jeanie" (verse two); and "I sigh for Jeanie" (verse three).
_	The operations of microtubules are remarkably complex and their role pervasive in cellular operations; these facts led to the speculation that computation sufficient for consciousness might somehow be occurring there.
_	In a 2001 interview, Richard D. James commented on the ambiguous nature of his own releases and the speculation that surrounds many anonymous artists working in electronica: "a lot of people think everything electronic is mine.
_	However, from 1896 to his death in 1926 he held to the speculation that these insanities (particularly dementia praecox) would one day probably be found to be caused by a gradual systemic or "whole body" disease process, probably metabolic, which affected many of the organs and nerves in the body but affected the brain in a final, decisive cascade.
_	On 2 June, Horler performed the song in a bar opening, and then the speculation that the song would be the new single begun.
_	The Clippers eventually lost to Memphis without much evidence to support the speculation that the Clippers had lost intentionally.
_	This contentious affair invites the speculation that the Accademia Filarmonica was set up specifically in opposition to Cazzati and his followers.
_	Following the speculation that the Beatles were due to disband, their failure to secure the number 1 spot was trumpeted in the UK press as a sign that the group's popularity was declining.
_	Starlings have been observed feeding on fermenting over-ripe fruit, which led to the speculation that they might become intoxicated by the alcohol.
_	Quentin Skinner's interpretation of Utopia is consistent with the speculation that Stephen Greenblatt made in "".
_	Addressing "speculation and rumors", the Warren Commission identified Weitzman as "the original source of the speculation that the rifle was a Mauser" and stated that "police laboratory technicians subsequently arrived and correctly identified the [murder] weapon as a 6.5 Italian rifle."
_	Gary B. Nixon (2000) stated that the rate never exceeded 2% of land value, too low to prevent the speculation that led directly to the 1913 real estate crash.
_	Trump defended his plan, rejecting the speculation that it would be "a shock to the system."
_	The Governor's Mansion in Shawnee, Oklahoma was built in 1903, on the speculation that Shawnee would be selected as the state capital and that this structure would become the Governor's official residence when Oklahoma became a state.
_	Regional dialects include: Northumbrian; Mercian; Kentish; and West dialect, leading to the speculation that much of the poetry may have been translated into West Saxon at a later date.
_	Available history indicates that the society actually used a tricolour flag of "red", white and green, raising the speculation that it was this flag that symbolized peace between the Catholics and Protestants within the society - red being a more fitting representation of the Rose of England and the society itself being expressly non-denominational.
_	One of the most influential aspects of the Protestant historicist paradigm was the speculation that the Pope could be Antichrist.
_	Runh, the father of Eochaid, is known to have been “a king of the Britons,” but little is known of Dungal, the father of Giric, which may be the reason for the speculation that he (Dungal) did not have royal lineage.
_	The site is situated on limestone, which has given rise to the speculation that the species might depend on a karst habitat, as do other animals in the region.
_	Gefiltin and xefiltin, homologs of α-internexin in zebrafish and Xenopus laevis, respectively, are highly expressed during retinal growth and optic axon regeneration and therefore have aided the speculation that α-internexin and axonal outgrowth may be connected.
_	Lake Ellsworth was discovered in 1996 by British scientist Professor Martin Siegert of the University of Bristol; it is one of 387 known subglacial Antarctic lakes and it is a target site for exploration due to the speculation that new forms of microbial life could have evolved in the unique habitats of Antarctica’s sub-glacial lakes after half a million years of isolation.
_	This is aligned with the speculation that Ma Xinyi's assassination was due to the conflict between the imperial army and the Xiang militia, the group that played an important role in the suppression of the Taiping Rebellion.
_	This is consistent with the speculation that the transfer of word information involves fibres in the ventroposterior region of the splenium—the same region in which V.P. had callosal sparing.
_	"Birthright" is based on the speculation that this behavior could be a fundamental trait of humans, which would be exhibited in just the same way towards extraterrestrial aliens.
_	After the race Rick Porter played down the speculation that the filly might run in the Kentucky Derby, saying that a run in the Kentucky Oaks would be the "smart move".
_	The presence of "U-58" led to the speculation that a secret German submarine base might exist in the Long Island Sound—Block Island Sound area; "Fanning" searched from 12 October to 14 October for evidence of such a base but found nothing, and returned to her regular operating schedule.
_	With the speculation that Leicester would sign Chelsea defender Jeffrey Bruma on loan, new manager Sven-Göran Eriksson said that he could join another club.
_	During another convention interview on "Larry King Live", Trump dismissed the speculation that he had considered running for president and commented, "I doubt I’ll ever be involved in politics beyond what I do right now."
_	On 23 March 2006, Gandhi announced her resignation from the Lok Sabha and also as chairperson of the National Advisory Council under the office-of-profit controversy and the speculation that the government was planning to bring an ordinance to exempt the post of chairperson of National Advisory Council from the purview of office of profit.
_	Fomunyoh’s silence on the issue of his candidacy is yet to quell the speculation that seems to be growing by the day as 2011 year draws nearer, and as many Cameroonians take personal initiatives to reserve domain names, create Fomunyoh fan clubs and online discussion groups in an effort to persuade and pressure him to step forward and get into the presidential race.
_	Ground-based telescopes later found three objects along the course of the satellite, leading to the speculation that it had disintegrated.
_	The translation(s) led to the speculation that the poem was just a translation of Erich Fried's work and Roy Croft was a pseudonym used by a translator who wanted to keep all royalties from publication (rather than sharing them with Fried's estate) or who simply did not want to go through the trouble of obtaining a license from a foreign entity.
_	This has led to the speculation that Mnishovsky might have produced the Voynich manuscript as a practical demonstration of his cipher and made Baresch his unwitting test subject.
_	A documentary that aired on the History Channel about electromagnetic pulse weapons investigated the speculation that the incident may have been a result of top secret experiments.
_	Woods offered only a brief comment on the speculation that he was still recovering from back surgery, saying it was "just my hip" but offering no specifics.
_	The fact that Zeami wrote a revised version of the play, called "Koi no omoni" ("Love's Heavy Burden") has led to the speculation that the original play might also be Zeami's.
_	Unlike the speculation that John Drake of "Danger Man" is also Number Six of "The Prisoner", it is clear that Robert McCall (dubbed "Equalizer" by a fellow operative) is not related in any way to Callan.
_	Based on the speculation that heavy metal poisoning may trigger the symptoms of autism, particularly in small subsets of individuals who cannot excrete toxins effectively, some parents have turned to alternative medicine practitioners who provide detoxification treatments via chelation therapy.
_	Garfield blamed the easy availability of fiat money greenbacks for financing the speculation that led to the scandal.
_	This would be evidence in support of the speculation that it, or at least the material of which it is composed, is different from most other asteroids so far discovered on near-Earth orbits, or represents a fragment thrown off by the collision of a medium-sized asteroid with the Earth or the Moon.
_	In the mid-1980s, the speculation that North Korea would emulate China in establishing Chinese-style special economic zones was flatly denied by then deputy chairman of the Economic Policy Commission Yun Ki-pok (Yun became chairman as of June 1989).
_	Similarly, there is no basis, whatsoever, in the speculation that Arjunayanas may have descended from the Pandava hero Arjuna.
_	Despite the speculation that most of the 2015 roster would declare for the NBA Draft, ESPN ranked Kentucky as its top ranked team for the 2015-16 season.
_	This has led to the speculation that TIP1 acts as an inhibitor, either acting to separate PDZ binding motifs from their normal targets or simply preventing the protein to migrate away from the cytosol.
_	This decision finally ended all of the speculation that he would make a dramatic comeback at some stage.
_	(2010 - March 24, 2012 - March 23, and 2016 - March 18), as well as maple syrup season moving earlier over the same time span have led some to the speculation that global warming is involved.
_	McClatchy and Moran were released from the "La Grange" two days after the Squatters Riot ended, and the speculation that moved the squatters to action began to disappear, although the federal government agreed to uphold Sutter's pre-American grant and the squatters lost the legal battle.
_	The normal background display of the large monitor in Number Two's office is a view of this chamber, and lava lamps are visible in virtually every public building in the Village, giving rise to the speculation that these lamps may have functioned as some extension of Rover itself.
_	The principle niche at the back of the temple has an image of Surya, the sun god, which gives rise to the speculation that this might have been dedicated to him.
_	Attempts to read historical significance into the words have led to the speculation that this musical round was written earlier and refers to Queen Mary I of England blinding and executing three Protestant bishops, however, the Oxford Martyrs, Ridley, Latimer and Cranmer, were burned at the stake, not blinded; although if the rhyme was made by crypto-Catholics, the mice's "blindness" could refer to their Protestantism.
_	On 19 September, however, Pratap Singh distanced himself and his party from the speculation that a deal with the FLP was likely.
_	Despite the speculation that Sassou Nguesso might be appointed to the government and become a "de facto" political heir to his father, in a manner reminiscent of father–son succession arrangements seen in some nearby countries, he did not receive a post in the government appointed on 25 September 2012.
_	Bleiberg addressed the speculation that the talented player may leave the club however Bleiberg was adamant that the player was contracted for another two years and unless a sizable transfer offer was made the player would remain at Gold Coast.
_	The first of them would send out word about Nolan's lost command with the speculation that the Comanche had wiped out Nolan's command.
_	Tsang stated "[t]here is no reason for me to believe that the central government does not trust me," as pro-Beijing electors felt pressured if nominate him amid the speculation that he was not Beijing's choice.
_	In 2014, Stephanie Coker featured in Lynxxx's music video,"My Place", which led to the speculation that the two were dating.
_	Since Smenkhkare was known to be a male, this led to the speculation that Akhenaten was homosexual.
_	The CG (cytosine-guanine) content of "T. maritima" is 46.2%; most thermophiles in fact have high CG content; this has led to the speculation that CG content may be a non-essential consequence to thermophily and not the driver towards thermophily.
_	Feller worked from 1936 to 1939 alongside Harald Cramér at Stockholm University, where Lundberg was a PhD student under Cramér who did not use the term "Poisson process" in a book by him, finished in 1936, but did in subsequent editions, which his has led to the speculation that the term "Poisson process" was coined sometime between 1936 and 1939 at the Stockholm University.
_	One of the most influential rhetorical aspects of the Protestant historicist paradigm was the speculation that the Pope could be the Antichrist.
_	Her intimate relationship with Queen Christina gave rise to the speculation that they were lovers.
_	Clear Channel had an agreement with Fox Sports Radio to market and distribute the service, adding to the speculation that the parent company wanted an outlet for Fox Sports in San Diego.
_	As the first round of voting began, several candidates withdrew, increasing the speculation that the vote would largely be a choice between Nur Hassan Hussein and Sharif Ahmed.
_	Additionally, in response to the speculation that as a conservative candidate, he would take votes away from the Republicans, Goode said he was limiting individual campaign contributions to $200 and would run a "grassroots campaign," which he felt would appeal to disaffected Democrats.
_	Despite the speculation that he had not driven his fastest qualifying laps, in the race Jarrett proved his critics wrong and would be credited with a faster race lap than he recorded in qualifying.
_	"Los Angeles Times" music writer Robert Hilburn, interviewing Springsteen at the Worcester start of the tour, wrote that "Springsteen seemed extremely comfortable sitting on a sofa with his wife in the dressing room area – a picture that seemed to contradict the speculation that "Tunnel of Love"'s songs of troubled romance reflected signs of trouble in his own marriage."
_	The close connection between Chasselas and Mornen noir led to the speculation that Mornen noir was a dark-berried color mutation of Chasselas, which is known as Mornen blanc in the Mâconnais region of Burgundy.
_	The January 11 date seems to originate with General Fitz Henry Warren, who reported as fact the speculation that a burial observed by a recently paroled Lieutenant Brown was that of Porter.
_	Although he claimed the position at the age of 43, Gerstner dismissed the speculation that his success was the product of being a workaholic.
_	The term "Saxbe fix" reentered the public lexicon in 2008 with the speculation that Senator Hillary Clinton was President-elect Barack Obama's preferred nominee to be Secretary of State, fueled by Obama's confirmation of his intent to nominate Clinton December 1, 2008.
_	This has led to the speculation that the claims are false.
_	This source also erroneously states the diamond weighted , as do others, lending credence to the speculation that the Pigot and Spoonmaker's diamond are the same.
_	Aziz refuted the speculation that bin Laden was suffering from Kidney disease, or some other serious disease.
_	On August 7, 2007, Richardson signed a one-year, $500,000 two-way contract with his hometown Ottawa Senators, amid the speculation that he would soon announce his retirement from the NHL.
_	The Mayan hieroglyphics at the site included representations of dates roughly 7000 years in the future, casting doubt on the speculation that the conclusion of the Long Count calendar would result in a 2012 doomsday scenario
_	In 2008, Janet Roberts, the head of the AIM system, said that the speculation that the increased numbers of Asian students caused test scores to go higher demonstrated that the educational establishment has low expectations of low-income African American, Hispanic and Latino, and Native American children.
_	According to the 2001, 2006 and 2011 Censuses published by Australian Bureau of Statistics, the population of Auslan users in Australia have increased by 54.57% thus debunking the speculation that Auslan is an endangered language.
_	2. Thus leads to the speculation that every graph needs either Δ("G") + 1 or Δ("G") + 2 colors, but never more:
_	He was writing about the inner being in all of these books and his goal was to get the single individual away from all the speculation that was going on about God and Christ.
_	At the time, this led to the speculation that Guiteau's murderous behavior was due to phimosis-induced insanity.
_	His introduction in the spin-off hyped the speculation that Tyler might have been a result of something between Marlene and Del.
_	Over the years many scholars, film critics, and parent groups have been critical of Disney for the portrayal of non-whites in a stereotypical image which led to the speculation that Walt Disney was a racist.
_	Despite the speculation that Hayes would retire, he came off the bench for Munster in their opening Pro12 match against Newport Gwent Dragons in September 2011.
_	Alternative accounts of how Liu lost his eye have included the speculation that he lost it either earlier, in the 1911 Xinhai Revolution, or later, during the Long March.
_	The reasons ranged from Superman encountering kryptonite for the first time in this story, whereas this turns out to have happened in "Secret Origin"; the Fortress' appearance; the appearances of Krypton; Jor-El and Lara; and the events of this story itself have all led to the speculation that this storyline has been removed from continuity entirely.
_	Still, in spite of the speculation that Bagwell used performance-enhancing drugs, "San Francisco Chronicle" sportswriter Bruce Jenkins opined that Bagwell did not have the credentials to be in the Hall of Fame.
_	A lot of the crowd hostility arised from the speculation that WrestleMania 33 was The Undertaker's last match, as well as the long running fan opposition to Reigns.
_	The book's plot differs somewhat from the magazine version, particularly in incorporating the speculation that time would run backwards in the neighborhood of a contraterrene object.
_	On 15 November 2010, he described as 'fiction' the speculation that Ireland was about to seek financial aid from the European Union.
_	Many roads on the island lead nowhere; thus leading to the speculation that Gnomon was once part of the island of Soma Plume.
_	Many of the buildings were built on the speculation that Port Townsend would become a booming shipping port and major city.
_	Train bought the area on the speculation that citizens would want to live near the old Union Pacific depot and the Union Pacific Missouri River Bridge, which was built next to the neighborhood at Train's insistence.
_	This has added to the speculation that I Hate Myself were poking fun at emo/screamo bands' tendency to favor drawn-out and often nonsensical song titles that usually do not reflect any themes or lyrics within the song.
_	Though this has led to the speculation that Alfonso and Agnes had divorced due to consanguinity, it seems more likely that Orderic referred to Alfonso's final wife and widow, Beatrice, who is known to have returned to France at this time, and that Orderic erred in naming her.
_	The suspicion of his involvement in his wife's death, the speculation that she is a reincarnation of Abigail all lead to further vengeful and nearly fatal deeds...
_	The article reports the speculation that the men continued to be held because the Bush administration was unwilling to admit it had held them for four years without substantial evidence.
_	While these claims are difficult to verify, they have led to the speculation that their design was "politically motivated".
_	However, the chronicles do not mention the chapel, which has given rise to the speculation that it is the remnant of a failed project.
_	In an interview with SuicideGirls, filmmakers Jaimie D'Cruz and Chris King denied that it was a hoax, and expressed their growing frustration with the speculation that it was: "For a while we all thought that was quite funny, but it went on for so long.
_	However, the team were mired in the midfield once the season began, fueling the speculation that the team had run an illegally fast car to attract sponsors.
_	The Stone Tape theory is the speculation that ghosts and hauntings are analogous to tape recordings, and that mental impressions during emotional or traumatic events can be projected in the form of energy, "recorded" onto rocks and other items and "replayed" under certain conditions.
_	This has also led to the speculation that melatonin is toxic, and that dopamine overdosing during chemotherapy presents a major problem in treating Parkinson's disease.
_	This issue, along with the Bloc Québécois announcing its intention to vote against the budget, unless it contained numerous changes including $2 billion in compensation to Quebec for harmonizing PST and GST and funding for a new NHL arena in Quebec City, increased the speculation that there would be an election called soon as the Conservatives rejected the Bloc demands as "blackmail".
_	But this is connected to the speculation that the Herules were not a normal tribal group but an elite group of mobile warriors, and there is no consensus for this theory.
_	On December 31, 2016 it was announced that Young Wicked has signed to Majik Ninja Entertainment and has 2 new shirts available on Twiztid-Shop, as well as a brand new CD available titled, Vengeance EP, cementing the speculation that he had been let go and had left Psychopathic Records.
_	National defeat in the summer of 1940 profoundly traumatised the national psyche, and she permits herself the speculation that the manifestation of national weakness caused some of the young men to react by taking out their mental hurt on people demonstrably weaker than themselves.
_	The existence of extremophiles has led to the speculation that microorganisms could survive the harsh conditions of extraterrestrial environments and be used as model organisms to understand the fate of biological systems in these environments.
_	In his online column, "Chatological Humor", "Washington Post" columnist Gene Weingarten published a response by Mallett to the speculation that Frazz was a grown-up Calvin.
_	His name may be of Slavic origin, which would make him the first Bulgar khan to possess a Slavic name; this has led to the speculation that his mother was a Slav, although that cannot be proven.
_	This sea urchin tends to perch on rocks, in rows at right angles to the current, and has a relatively small mouth, leading to the speculation that it might be a filter feeder, an unusual feeding method among sea urchins.
_	The DEGC awarded the demolition contract on April 22, 2008, with the speculation that demolition revenue would come from the sale of scrap metal and not from the City of Detroit.
_	In negotiating the Torres Strait past Cape York, Cook also put an end to the speculation that New Holland and New Guinea were part of the same land mass.
_	The underlying rationale for chelation, the speculation that mercury in vaccines causes autism, has been roundly rejected by scientific studies, with the National Institute of Mental Health concluding that children with autism are unlikely to receive any benefit to balance the risks of heart attack, stroke and cardiac arrest posed by the chelating agents used in the treatment.
_	The restored painting is from a slightly different perspective than the original "Mona Lisa", leading to the speculation that it is part of the world's first stereoscopic pair.
_	The chisel in the subject's hand, and the stonemason's signature mark on the shield above the window led to the speculation that it could be a self-portrait of the sculptor.
_	Soon after, The Chaw of Chaws is contracted to the task of infiltrating the St. Aegolious Academy for Orphaned Owls on the speculation that the Pure Ones have infiltrated the academy for its large supply of flecks, and in the same meeting, Ezylryb gives Otulissa "Fleckasia and Other Disorders of the Gizzard".
_	Vocalist Trevor Strnad has stated in an interview that the album's name and content was an artistic rebuttal to the speculation that the band had "changed direction" as a result of participating in this year's Warped Tour.
_	Also, nothing has been found that confirms the speculation that he was gay and used gay dating apps; however, the FBI "has found evidence that Mateen was cheating on his wife with other women".
_	This was quoted to add to the speculation that Madness was a racist band supporting the National Front, although the band members denied those allegations.
_	Both resigned from their posts, while Lam's resignation was approved by the central government within days, Tsang's resignation was delayed for a month, which sparked the speculation that Tsang was not Beijing's favoured candidate.
_	It means 'Flower Garden' in Persian, which lead to the speculation that in medieval times there might be prominent flower gardens.
_	"That Praxilla wrote poetry of this type, intended to be sung at parties from which respectable women would be excluded, has led to the speculation that she may have been a "hetaera", or courtesan, as women of this class did attend such parties."
_	Despite the speculation that they would make a leadership team in 2009, Abbott and Smith do not seem to be close as Abbott demoted Smith after the 2010 election.
_	This observation led to the speculation that methylation of CpG sites in the promoter of a gene may inhibit gene expression.
_	Diodorus Siculus stated that Iron Age people in Britain stored their grain in "underground repositories", adding contemporary evidence to the speculation that they were mainly used for food storage.
_	They include the desire to prevent the speculation that produced the contemporary South Sea Bubble, an attempt to prevent smaller non-charter companies from forming and so reduce the importance of Parliament in regulating businesses; or the South Sea Company itself wanting to prevent other bubbles from forming that might have decreased the intensity of its own.
_	More recently, research has engaged three further directions – the speculation that at least some animals seem to enjoy a zoophilic relationship assuming sadism is not present, and can form an affectionate bond.
_	A projected 2008 release was revealed three weeks later at an EA conference call, corroborating the speculation that a significant amount of development was still left to be completed.
_	These actions raised the speculation that the group was disbanding or he was at least leaving the group, but everything remained obscure.
_	At the 2008 National People's Congress, Li was elected Vice-Premier, first in rank, reinforcing the speculation that Li would become Premier and was being groomed to succeed then-Premier Wen Jiabao.
_	These associations have led to the speculation that BS could be associated with aging.
_	The estimated $1bn (£662m) treasure of the "San José", which is still on the bottom of the ocean but located in 2015, is estimated to be worth about 4 billion US dollars based on the speculation that it likely had 7 million Spanish pesos in registered gold on board at the time of its sinking, similar to its surviving sister ship, the "San Joaquín".
_	An assortment of Crusader and Mamluk coins also invite the speculation that these mummies are of the 13th century.
_	Numerous isolations of both SPONV strain types along with evidence of antibodies to the two strains were not detected in any rodent or birds collected in South Africa in 1958, leading to the speculation that these species were unlikely amplification and transmission of the virus.
_	This has led to the speculation that Stanley is a prophet, allegorically akin to Moses, and that the "slavery" the film alludes to is the exploitation of children by adults.
