_	The original pavilion was demolished in 1934 and, in its place, was built the stand that is today known as The Shed.
_	Joseph confesses on the stand that he was personally haunted by Blackwell's case, having seen Hank in Blackwell, and wanting to help him like he would his son.
_	The ground features a 205-seater stand and several rows of bench seating replacing the stand that was destroyed by fire in 1974.
_	Cook also admitted on the stand that by discussing the Vesco case, he had violated the law.
_	In the 1950s, the club became embroiled in controversy, partly from taking the stand that if they didn't address controversies, they would fade away.
_	During the trial, both he and Tori testify on the stand that he was the shooter.
_	While Richier still maintained the view that women should not be given the vote before they no longer favored the Catholic church so much that women suffrage would result in a backlash of a progressive development of society, Maria Deraismes, who previously shared this view, took the stand that women should be given the vote in order to be more progressive than their present state allowed, rather than the other way around.
_	The Main Sanctuary (神殿 "Shinden") houses the "Kanrodai," the stand that marks the "Jiba" where adherents believe God conceived humankind.
_	“It took courage for a colored man to take the stand that Taylor took at that time,” Shannon said.
_	He claimed on the stand that they left between 4 and 4:30 am.
_	At her sentencing hearing, Olson's teenage daughter Leila, her pastor, and her husband spoke in her defense, while Olson's mother claimed on the stand that Olson had never been a part of the SLA and spoke against prosecutors and police she asserted had harassed the family.
_	Before the start of the 2012 season, any wooden boards that were deemed dangerous were swapped with safe ones from the top half of the stand that remained closed, and the bottom half of the stand was reopened for the Saints 5-1 hammering of Shamrock Rovers and remained open for the rest of the season.
_	On 7 July, the police removed the stand that had been prepared for the monument.
_	La Salle took the stand that it was the responsibility of the officiating table.
_	I would like to make it very clear about my reasons for making the stand that I have.
_	The new North Stand is significantly taller than the stand that it replaced although the capacity for supporters is roughly the same, bringing the ground capacity up to 13,512.
_	Diane encouraged Maxie Jones to perjure herself and knowingly accepted Carly's bogus, albeit convincing, testimony, while Claire, assuming that Michael's testimony would ensure Sonny's conviction, did everything in her power to find him, going so far as to force Claudia's brother Johnny to lie on the stand that Sonny routinely beat and abused Claudia, and to pull Morgan Corinthos out of school under false pretenses without his parents' knowledge to testify.
_	It was up to the jury, she said, to decide what Jacobson meant when he said on the stand that he wanted to see "what all the trouble and hysteria was about", and they had done so.
_	This implies the stand that Fiji will take on behalf of human rights in international forums such as the United Nations.
_	As continued remonstrances during subsequent years led to no results, in 1893 the Department of State took the stand that it could not acquiesce in the action of Russian consuls in asking the religion of American citizens desiring to travel in Russia before granting a visé to their passports, and refusing Jews.
_	In a 1939 department of labor and immigration trial to deport Longshore leader Harry Bridges, Barrows admitted on the stand that he had been friendly with General Semenoff of Siberia during his time in Russia fighting for the White Czarist forces.
_	During the trial, Barry testified on the stand that he had composed the James Bond Theme, but that Norman was contractually obligated to receive credit for the score.
_	He supports Bradford City, having a twenty-five-year season ticket, and was trapped in the stand that caught fire in the Bradford City stadium fire of 1985.
_	Most observers agreed that the prosecution's case was floundering (aided by the admission of government witnesses on the stand that they would "go to any length" to combat the radicals.
_	Blacks during the early 1980s but claimed on the stand that he had not used that term in the last ten years.
_	After dinner he was escorted to the public square, where he spoke from the stand that Mr. Douglas had spoken from the day before.
_	Despite an aggressive cross-examination by F. Lee Bailey, Fuhrman denied on the stand that he was racist or had used the word "nigger" to describe black people in the ten years prior to his testimony.
_	In a daring initiative the ICPF took the stand that it was eminently possible for the industrialized and developing countries of the world to fully absorb their labor force in productive employment.
_	On 7 July, the stand that was prepared for the erection of the monument was removed by the police.
_	When Larry cross examines Brittany, she confesses on the stand that she, Kimberly, and Randa fabricated the accusations.
_	The Commission took the stand that rising levels of unemployment are not inevitable and can be reversed by the adoption of sound strategies for job generation compatible with market-driven economics.
_	McKeever takes them to court, arguing that Laura was an unlicensed, illegal lobbyist; but, when she is forced to admit on the stand that she had another, romantic, reason for seeing him, the case is dropped.
_	KNM takes the stand that Karakorum is a historic, cultural and legal entity, and any attempt to divide it, is bound to fail.
_	Oddly the story seemed to take the stand that Nick Fury was somehow opposed to Captain America beforehand, seeing him as some kind of glorified piece of propaganda.
_	After the boy's father (who believes his son would kill again if freed) testifies on the stand that his son had admitted the crime to him, the boy is convicted.
_	Randy Blythe was called again to the stand that day.
_	In 1974 the stand that had been erected in 1909 was destroyed by fire.
_	Sandham also claimed on the stand that during his time in the military to have served as a bodyguard to prime ministers, presidents and royalty.
_	Instead it took the stand that infinite growth was possible if the mental and organizational resources available to humanity in the form of knowledge, technology, vocational skills and modes of organizations were fully utilized.
_	Then Billie admits on the stand that she is Curtis's daughter, and was sexually abused by Curtis during her childhood.
_	Using this experience, she wrote her first book, "Surrendering to Motherhood: Losing Your Mind, Finding Your Soul", which examines the work-family balance for women and takes the stand that motherhood should be viewed as a substantial source of fulfillment and grounding happiness.
_	In the recent China Model debate, he takes the stand that while China definitely has a model of its own consistent and continuous with its historical patterns of development, the model needs constant reforms to avoid systemic crisis.
_	Though he promised he wouldn't, Cass made Marley confess on the stand that Jake had raped her.
_	The Rajasthan Forest Department took the stand that "the tigers had temporarily migrated outside the reserve and would be back after monsoon season".
_	Wilson strenuously opposed the influx of convicts from Tasmania, fought for the separation of the Port Phillip District from New South Wales, and opposed Governor Charles Hotham in his attitude to the miners; but when the rebellion broke out he took the stand that there were peaceable and legitimate methods of obtaining redress.
_	It was only after he got off the stand that Roth learned what the trial was about.
_	His wife nevertheless testifies on the stand that he was with her the night of the murder leading to an acquittal.
_	Neither the two nor any other witness who took the stand that day gave a testimony as to the moment of Nosek's fall at the end of the concert.
_	At the London conference, the Commission formally took the stand that these countries that received Nazi gold contribute their portions of remaining assets to Holocaust survivors.
_	Barbara Sampson of the medical examiner's office said on the stand that the bruises were only hours or days old.
_	Raman maintained the stand that Meiyappan was not a team official during the ensuing investigation conducted by former Chief Justice Mukul Mudgal.
_	A Jupiter was installed in the stand that month, and fired for the first time on 12 February 1957.
_	A major plot point is how Eisner's principles and ideals sometimes complicated his business affairs such as the adaptation of the account of when he refused to perjure himself in court in a copyright infringement lawsuit over "Wonder Man" and thus cost his business a major account (in reality, Eisner did testify on the stand that "Wonder Man" was an original creation).
_	Ian Redpath and Rick McCosker came out to open for Australia on another wet wicket, but this time failed to make the stand that saved Australia at Adelaide.
_	The new North Stand is significantly taller than the stand that it replaced although the capacity for supporters is roughly the same.
_	Speaking on the issue of arrest of separatist Kashmiri leader Masarat Alam by the Jammu and Kashmir government, Saeed said, "Jihad is the duty of an Islamic government... there is a government in Pakistan and it has always taken the stand that it is the right of Kashmiris to attain freedom.
_	A doctor from Greenwood stated on the stand that the body was too decomposed to identify, and therefore had been in the water too long for it to be Till.
_	Margaret is forced to testify that she had advised an unhappy Joanna to leave Ted, though she also attempts to tell Joanna on the stand that her husband has profoundly changed.
_	“This is our way of continuing to take the stand that we have intuitively held: that fashion design should be inclusive, that it can and should be thinking of all women, all skin tones, all faiths,” she said.
_	Charity doubts that Bails can prove anything, and tells him that she could lie on the stand that Declan threatened her son so she would provide him with an alibi.
_	LimeWire founder and CEO Mark Gorton admitted on the stand that he was aware of widespread copyright infringement by LimeWire users and that he chose not to make use of available filtering technology; and he said that until this trial, he believed that his company couldn't be held liable for inducing copyright infringement.
_	However, the play has Drummond forced to entirely use his limited number of peremptory challenges to weed-out prospective jurors, even when they are so obviously prejudiced in the prosecution's favor to the point of bellowing their opinions on the stand that most should be struck for cause.
_	Another attendee of the concert who took the stand that day did not recall seeing any fall by the end of the concert.
_	His government had reverted to the stand that the Swedish foreign minister should retain control over the Norwegian consuls and, if necessary, remove them, and that Sweden should always be mentioned before Norway in official documents (a break with the practice introduced in 1844).
_	In 1972, he said: "I never will take the stand that the Old must win or that the New must win.
_	Though he later signed the order, Jatti took the stand that the Centre's action should not only be politically and constitutionally correct but also appear to be proper.
_	The other was Alexander Koral, a 51-year-old maintenance man employed by the New York City Board of Education, who was reminded when he was on the stand that he had already signed a confession to Government authorities of his part in a Washington-New York spy circuit.
_	For Doncaster Rovers matches this is the stand that houses the Black Bank (the Ultras group of Doncaster Rovers supporters) and is decorated with flags and banners on match days, widely known for creating a fantastic atmosphere.
_	Mermelstein--who spent just two years and 21 days in jail and received a $250,000 bonus for cooperating with the government on one drug case--acknowledged on the stand that he helped plan the contract murder of Seal in Louisiana.
_	When, in 1587, a dispute occurred in Jerusalem over the point whether scholars not engaged in business should contribute to the taxes paid by the Jewish community to the pasha, and to what extent, Ashkenazi, together with several other rabbis, took the stand that Jewish scholars, being usually impelled by love alone to emigrate to Palestine, and being scarcely able to support themselves, should be relieved from all taxes.
_	HRS takes the stand that domestic rabbits should not live outdoors. ].
_	Just before half time in the final game of the season a fire started at one end of the stand that would have to be replaced.
_	She was usually known as "Mollie" or, less often, "Molly", though the stand that is named after her at North Sydney Oval is the Molly Dive Stand.
