_	The government of Japan has responded to concerns about the stress that demographic changes place on the economy and social services with policies intended to restore the fertility rate and make the elderly more active in society.
_	Realizing the stress that having young kids causes, the office workers, ultimately forgive Jim for his behavior and even suggest he leave early to help Pam, which he does.
_	Last to be introduced is Logainne, who describes her two overbearing fathers and the stress that they put on her ("Woe is Me").
_	While expecting an easy, blissful life in America, Young Ju sees the stress that the cultural adjustment puts on her family.
_	Most often, frictional stress is described as being analogous to the stress that results from the flow of a viscous fluid, but in many engineering materials, in soft biological tissues, and in living cells, the concept that friction arises only from a viscous stress is now known to be erroneous.
_	Often the stress that provokes this is the exposure of the infestation.
_	Relaxation techniques, such as exercise, yoga or meditation, may be useful in relieving the stress that may aggravate tics, but the majority of behavioral interventions (such as relaxation training and biofeedback, with the exception of habit reversal) have not been systematically evaluated and are not empirically supported therapies for Tourette's.
_	Corticosterone levels in species measure the stress that they face in their populations.
_	where formula_13 is the stress that causes buckling the column, and formula_14 is the slenderness ratio.
_	Jarrad speculated that the "explosion" of Street's vehement rant may have been the stress that caused his fatal heart attack.
_	She stated that her decision was based on various factors including a degenerative condition, the stress that she felt from the studio’s relationship with a commercial publisher and her treatment as a woman in the game industry.
_	The spokesperson also cited the stress that the race caused the turtles.
_	Soon after the Del Valle fight, Alcorn announced her retirement from boxing on February 5, 2004, citing the stress that her boxing career placed on her children.
_	Social support is giving a person the knowledge that they are part of a mutual network of caring, interested others, that enable them to lower levels of stress and be better able to cope with the stress that they undergo.
_	It prevents the cell communicating the stress that it is under, which is crucial if the cell is to survive.
_	The stress of the press's attention, as well as the stress that had been on McNeill from the challenge of running the church, caused him to have a heart attack while spending time with his children at a bowling alley, three days after he had been dismissed.
_	Additionally, the stress that acidification puts on coral can potentially harm the viability of the sperm released.
_	Cappon returned to work at Princeton despite the stress that coaching would put on his heart.
_	These activated genes allow the plant to respond to the stress that it is experiencing.
_	This method of intake significantly decreases or eliminates certain risks of heroin use, such as the transmission of HIV, hepatitis, and other diseases through needle sharing, the introduction of skin bacteria to the blood stream due to non-sterile injection, and the stress that injection puts on veins cannot occur.
_	This is not usually feasible for working stresses (the stress that the component is intended to support), but it may be possible where the stress causing cracking is a residual stress introduced during welding or forming.
_	The narrative covers the stress that her condition placed on her family.
_	In another storyline, the episode simultaneously highlights the stress that can be caused when alcoholism afflicts a family through a critically acclaimed guest appearance by Debra Monk as the ex-wife of Sipowicz.
_	I don't think any American can really truly appreciate the stress that existed along with the fact they were undermanned and not trained to perform this mission," he said.
_	Those who knew him had differing opinions as to this verdict, with some emphasizing the stress that he had faced as a result of the post-fire reconstruction.
_	To alleviate the stress that these students experience, some scholars have suggested dealing with the problems with a positive attitude, while also advising the students to reach out for problem-solving resources, especially during their orientation period (Olivas and Li 219-220).
_	While Duchovny later expressed gratitude that "The Unnatural" enabled him to get a feel for directing, he also experienced severe anxiety during the production process because of the stress that helming an episode produced.
_	In the beginning, the narrator states that although it was difficult to start the family, he and his wife survived the stress that comes with raising a family, and overall, they are satisfied with how far they have come.
_	Promises can give us both the security that something is being fully guaranteed and the stress that you are guaranteeing something that cannot be verified at that given moment.
_	Self-efficacy can be something that people use to deal with the stress that they are faced with in their everyday lives.
_	In order to calm our minds and frustration down, there are a few ways in which we can maintain the stress that has taken over.
_	During a property dispute and a major civil court case, and all the stress that apparently comes from it, Pallavi's father (a respected dignitary and elder) dies of a major heart attack.
_	Marco and his sister Lilly need to deal with the stress that they are the only ones that can save the world.
_	To manage the stress that can be felt by new arrivals, Hakea Prison has specialist management units for prisoners.
_	While early in life, he turned to drug use and alcohol to escape, he replaced the addiction with moments of solitude to help cope with the stress that fame brought.
_	Looking at some old photographs, she begins to tell the story of how her parents, Lainey (Anjelica Huston) and David (Sam Neill), learned that her younger brother Randall (Jamie Harrold) had autism, and how the stress that this placed on them eventually lead to the breakdown of their marriage.
_	The season follows the couple's attempts to build their brand, including attaining wider exposure for their goat milk soaps and cheeses, and to deal with the stress that the long separation puts on their relationship.
_	There is a growing awareness among healthcare professionals and medical planners for the need to create patient-centered environments that can help patients and family cope with the stress that accompanies illness.
_	Pleurokinesis allows for the teeth to more precisely grind against one another, for better shearing of plant material, and reduces the stress that chewing puts on the skull.
_	The book chronicled such events as the near destruction of the film's production as well as the stress that both cast and crew were suffering from at the time.
_	This criticism possibly reflects the stress that Shamshi-Adad I felt as his newly formed empire already began to crumble; considering, as pointed out by Yasmah-Adad in this letter, his father did appoint Yasmah-Adad as a chief ruler of Mari, one of the largest urban centers, as well as being one of the most disputed in his kingdom, when one of his generals could have also filled the position.
_	A main issue in questioning the humaneness of this method is the stress that the deer endure while trapped and awaiting extermination.
_	Some popular episodes of the season were: "Larry's Agent", in which Larry tries to fire his agent; "Broadcast Nudes", in which Hank wants Darlene (Linda Doucett) to pose nude in "Playboy" magazine (Doucett actually appeared in the September 1993 edition of the magazine); "Larry's Birthday" in which Larry doesn't want anyone throwing a party for his birthday; "The Grand Opening", in which Hank tries to promote his new restaurant; "Off Camera", in which Artie has to deal with all the stress that Larry suffers every show and the season finale "L.A. or N.Y?", in which Larry leaves the talk show and moves to Montana, to protest the network's desire to shift the talk show's base from L.A. to New York.
_	In order to help prevent this disease and its spread, it is important to reduce or prevent the stress that pine needle trees go through.
_	He feels that this may have contributed to the stress that caused Angelo's brain aneurysm and subsequent death.
_	Stress Management activities are used for mood repair strategies and the stress that is typically accompanied by them.
_	Long-term goals prove difficult to achieve because people with addictive personalities usually focus on the stress that comes with getting through the short-term goals.
_	Former Assistant Secretary of Education Diane Ravitch has called it “a compelling film about the stress that kids today experience.”
_	Yo-yo dieting can have extreme emotional and physical ramifications due to the stress that someone puts on themselves to lose weight quickly.
_	At the end of the dream, Tony is confronted by Mr. Molinaro, his high school football coach, who criticizes Tony's lifestyle and points out how he didn't have to be a criminal and live with all the stress that comes with being one.
_	Structural considerations are similar to those required for stone sculpture; there is a limit on the stress that can be imposed on terracotta, and terracotta statues of unsupported standing figures are limited to well under life-size unless extra structural support is added.
_	She dated Season 1’s Top 8 dancer Vincent Noiseux and he has been there to help her prepare for the stress that the competition brings.
_	In addition to the stress that may be caused by this, dancers also may experience the psychological distress from technical and physical "perfectionism".
_	Generally, researchers believe the stress that stems from the fear of having a parent deported has far-reaching, negative effects on the health of children."
_	As a punishment, she is sent away to live with her Aunt Jeanette in eastern Nevada, because her mother is finally expecting a son and does not need to deal with the stress that Pattyn creates.
_	During this time, he used marijuana, which he said was to help cope with the stress that resulted from the constant media attention he was receiving.
_	This is also, no doubt, in part due to the stress that many trusts are under, with bed occupancy close to 100% and often relying on agency staff.
_	"You know, I was talkin' to him the other day about smokin', and he was like 'man, if I didn't smoke I couldn't take all the stress that I'm dealing with right now,'"
_	It was recorded in the midst of litigation with their former manager Patrick Meehan and the stress that resulted from the band's ongoing legal woes infiltrated the recording process, inspiring the album's title.
_	Sixty-two percent of a sample of undergraduate and graduate students reported praying to cope with the stress that followed the attacks.
_	This portion of Kim's theory focuses on the stress that inevitably accompanies a cross-cultural move, as the individual strives to retain aspects of their old culture while also attempting to integrate into the new one.
_	It's the stress that will turn that gene on or not...
_	Selene reveals she didn't accomplishing this deed herself because she could not handle the stress that came with it.
_	Andi and Jana reconcile after the stress that Vanessa cost them and are a happy couple once again.
_	Deeply involved in the investigation of the 1967 Apollo 1 fire, Shea suffered a nervous breakdown as a result of the stress that he suffered.
_	Mounted directly on the end of the crankshaft, all the stress that spark generation would otherwise place on the camshaft chain (or another special purpose half-speed drive) is avoided, while there is virtually none of the strain that necessarily degrades the ignition timing in systems relying on chains or gears.
_	Some scientists believe that the stress that results from exposure to predators causes an elevation in glucocorticoid stress hormones.
_	"Pulldown claws," which enter the film through perforations, pulling it into place and then retracting out of the perforations and out of the film gate, are multiplied to grab the film through multiple perforations in the film, thereby reducing the stress that any individual perforation is subjected to.
