_	A 69-year-old man, identified as Chae Jong-gi (), was taken into police custody on February 12, on the suspicion that it was he who started the fire.
_	The lack of detailed study of ABCs renders the suspicion that they can be used as an 'easy option' to "sort out" neighbourhood problems with infringement of basic rights of those "accused".
_	In October 2007, forces of the Federal Preventive Police went to Calva's home to arrest him under the suspicion that he was responsible for the disappearance of his girlfriend Alejandra Galeana, who was last seen on October 6.
_	During the mid-1960s, communication to what was going on in Indonesia was problematic due to the suspicion that Red China was taking charge.
_	Considered intriguing by part of the Royal Family, especially by her sister-in-law Princess Elisabeth of Romania who hated her, she was under the suspicion that she wanted to put her unborn child on the throne.
_	Bullets were found inside the car, giving weight to the suspicion that the car was fired on by unknown gunmen.
_	A 1977 wave of offseason firings saw several executives replaced by men with close ties to McKay, and left the suspicion that he was attempting to surround himself with a staff that would bow easily to his will.
_	The king's rancor directed at Duke Murdoch had its roots in the past—Duke Robert was responsible for his brother David's death and neither Robert nor Murdoch exerted themselves in negotiating James's release and must have left the king with the suspicion that they held aspirations for the throne itself.
_	There was a great deal of controversy over the suspicion that partisan French officials were attempting unfairly to prevent Schranz from winning so that Killy would sweep all three races, duplicating Toni Sailer's 1956 sweep.
_	Because they are white, they cannot allow themselves to be tormented by the suspicion that all men are brothers."
_	The demonstrators had different motives, including the suspicion that Erdoğan, who is thought to be attached to political Islam, will alter the secular state.
_	The Indian media carries on a systematic campaign that Tamil fishermen who cross [maritime] boundaries are attacked because of the suspicion that they might be Tamil Tigers.
_	Feser's statement invites the suspicion that Strauss may have been an unconvinced atheist, or that he welcomed religion as merely (practically) useful, rather than as true.
_	Devlin later termed this "an abuse of process", done because the prosecution’s case was deficient, and left Adams under the suspicion that there might have been some truth in talk of mass murder.
_	They eventually turn against Eleanor when she kills the majority of them under the suspicion that they were preparing to betray her.
_	Harel had always suspected Beer for his close connection to Sneh; his activity in the Mapam Security Department, which seemed to have a subversive bent; and the suspicion that he could be a communist who had infiltrated Mapai to attain a central position and to become a Soviet Communist agent within the establishment.
_	This feeds the suspicion that "P.semiovatus var.phalaenarum", and "P.antillarum" are possibly the same species.
_	Asking Mafia members how many crews and how many individuals are in a family is prohibited because of the Mafia's oath of secrecy and the suspicion that the inquiring individual might be an informant.
_	He was arrested at S. Mihiel in Lorraine and taken to prison in Verdun, under the suspicion that he was involved in the massacre.
_	October, the Chetniks, acting on their own, massacred over five hundred Croats and Muslims and burnt numerous villages in the process of the operation on the suspicion that they "harbored and aided the Partisans".
_	Observing the pope's resolve to imprison Aranda, Garcilaso pointed out the suspicion that was likely to arise in the popular mind from the anomalous incarceration of Aranda while the Marrano delegates, indubitable heretics, were granted favor and freedom.
_	Analysis of mtDNA cytochrome "b" sequence and nDNA microsatellite fingerprinting data, though not unequivocal, together with the evidence from morphology, behaviour and biogeography confirms the suspicion that the present bird is a distinct species.
_	He went back and forth from East Germany to meet his son who fell apart during Korean War, which involved him in a political scandal in 1967 which caught up tens of Koreans living in Europe under the suspicion that they spied for North Korean authorities.
_	On the other hand, "a source in Tehran" told Sahimi that Alimohammadi had worked with the Islamic Revolution Guards "on several projects in the past," and this knowledge combined with the Guard's penchant for exacting vengeance against "anyone who deserts them and joins the opposition" adds to "the suspicion that the hardliners may have had something to do with" his murder.
_	Because of the lack of approval, the university authorities have not included the college for the Joint Entrance Test (JET) in the last four years, reinforcing the suspicion that the college may meet a premature death.
_	Reconnaissance by day showed that the bridge was unserviceable, but piles of wooden planks stacked along the banks of the Chaung gave rise to the suspicion that these planks were placed on the bridge at night and used for traffic.
_	Meanwhile, Dexter attends his high school reunion on the suspicion that the high school quarterback had murdered his wife, whom Dexter remembers fondly (she had been one of the few people to treat Dexter with kindness during high school), and is surprised to find himself getting along with his former classmates, with a very attractive woman who used to copy Dexter's answers in class giving him a "thank you" in the form of oral sex.
_	Moreover, the loss of the ships SS "Holmwood" and MS "Rangitane" to German raiders in November 1940 gave rise to the suspicion that the raiders were using the subantarctic islands as bases.
_	The Los Angeles Times gave it a mixed review: "Ryun Yu plays Hirabayashi... but even his fine-grained tour de force doesn't negate the suspicion that another structure, another style might make this material more exciting."
_	Ferrari also clinched the Constructors' Championship after McLaren's disqualification over controversy over the suspicion that McLaren had Ferrari information.
_	The French and European allegations centered on the suspicion that such information was being passed to U.S. firms.
_	In 1949, the FBI reopened its files on Du Bois on the suspicion that he was among a group of "Concealed Communists."
_	The very narrow margin by which Seymour lost several of the northern states like Indiana, Connecticut, and Pennsylvania, and the effects of new black votes in the South provoked the suspicion that a majority of the white men of the nation probably preferred him to Grant.
_	In addition to all of these activities, this indefatigable woman still needs to address other issues such as the suspicion that her late husband had a daughter out of wedlock.
_	It was not uncommon for police raids to occur on the suspicion that alcohol trading was apparent.
_	No doubt this 'Ultramontane' faction (so-called because they saw authority residing exclusively in Rome, 'beyond the mountains') accounted themselves sincere in this belief but it is hard to avoid the suspicion that it was equally their own authority to govern the lives of their flock which they saw at risk.
_	Hogan’s younger brother Matthew, aged 15, was imprisoned with his school friend John Connors and his brother Tim Connors (aged 11) for 3 months without trial, on the suspicion that they knew where Sean and the others were.
_	In a passionate speech to the House of Commons after his resignation, he said, "What has come to trouble me is the suspicion that if the 'hanging chads' of Florida had gone the other way and Al Gore had been elected, we would not now be about to commit British troops to action in Iraq."
_	As the number of fires increased, so did the suspicion that the fires were not accidents but planned arson.
_	At Hackney his seclusion aroused the suspicion that he was a forger of bank notes, and his premises were searched at the instance of the bank directors, who afterwards made him a present of 40l. for the inconvenience caused by their mistake.
_	In the audience Ben Jonson and Thomas Nashe express the suspicion that the work is very like Marlowe's, discussing the details of the parallels.
_	Howls of protest from the team didn't prosper despite the initial assurance made by the ABC, eventually raising the suspicion that the Philippine team was set up to lose via technicality.
_	He was a grandee and one of the wealthiest peers of the court of Elizabeth I. Under James I, Northumberland was a long-term prisoner in the Tower of London, due to the suspicion that he was complicit in the Gunpowder Plot.
_	During the Monday Night Football game on October 15 between the San Diego Chargers and the Denver Broncos, officials checked the hands of Chargers players, under the suspicion that players were using "Stickum" or a similar banned adhesive on players' towels to gain a competitive edge.
_	Mayor Margareta Ritter (CDU) said she was concerned that his presence tainted her town with the suspicion that it was sympathetic to his views.
_	Furthermore, Greek codices of a single gospel are extremely unusual, further contributing to the suspicion that it was made as a souvenir.
_	In addition to her academic work, she served as an expert witness in child abuse cases in which there was the suspicion that child suggestibility may have formed the basis for the allegations of abuse.
_	Andrew Wren, in possession of (demon-provided) evidence that John and Simon are embezzling from the shelter, meets with John and leaves him with the suspicion that Simon is the demon.
_	Gunnar has sent Lerris to Candar with the suspicion that a strong order mage and strong chaos wizard will ultimately be drawn into direct conflict, and that Lerris would take care of the
_	I definitely have the suspicion that we're going to get on the road together this summer, and we're just going to start playing and stuff is going to start brewing, and we're going to light that fire again."
_	Alternatively, they may have inferred at an early stage that the men were insurgents from Daghestan but killed them all the same, in order to perpetuate the uncertainty over their true identity and why they crossed the border and thus, by extension, the suspicion that Russia may have been behind the incident."
_	His authority is a great help in deflecting some of the suspicion that falls on Peter von Wachstein, and he helps von Wachtstein smuggle and hide family money into Argentina.
_	The executions started on July 4, two days after his arrest which raises the suspicion that the trial outcome was previously decided.
_	Carberry's career there closely paralleled the Brown experience, which continued in Providence, raising the suspicion that Carberry had mastered the art of bilocation.
_	The same article also mentions the suspicion that she, "disguised as a boy", might have taken part in a train robbery in Montana.
_	Essentially, she established an organization which put forth an amendment to the laws of the county which resulted in the firing of many public school teachers on the suspicion that they were homosexual.
_	The brothers seem to bond, but there is always the suspicion that Lance is merely using his newly-domestic situation as a cover for his real business, gun-running.
_	No matter how deep his psi-probes went, Nate was unable to shake the suspicion that Mister Sinister was still using Threnody against him somehow.
_	The Princess calmly expects to be above suspicion, but an ambassador arrives, kneels at the Princess’s feet, and reports that their kingdom is planning invade Lady Happy's kingdom under the suspicion that their prince has been kidnapped.
_	In a contemporary review, Wolfgang Schäfer of "Rock Hard" was not overly impressed by the album but remarked how Friedman and Becker refrained "from superfluous solo escapades", making the music more accessible and fuelling the suspicion that Mike Varney wanted "to repeat the success of the dissolved Racer X with this band."
_	Many years later the East German homeland security service (MfS) came to hold an information report from the Soviets which included the conclusion "The circumstances of Hamburger's release from detention in Iran gave rise to the suspicion that he had ben recruited by a foreign intelligence service" (""Die Umstände der Entlassung Hamburgers aus der Haft in Iran erwecken Verdacht seiner Anwerbung durch einen ausländischen Geheimdienst"").
_	When perplexed, the metaphysician finds himself in an awkward position, for he becomes blind to his own cognitive limits, and consequently has to put up with the suspicion that something in his system is missing without knowing exactly what.
_	This may well have left James with the suspicion that the Albany Stewarts had personal designs on the throne of Scotland.
_	When I spoke of these facts with my Israeli friends, some stared at me with incredulity and I noted in their eyes the suspicion that I was either exaggerating or lying, as novelists are wont to do.
_	Because of the effects of anemia and the suspicion that tropical sprue was related to diet, Rhoads experimentally controlled patients' diets.
_	At the beginning of 1976, the band planned to hold a United States tour, however they gave up the idea after the suspicion that the planned concerts were organized by pro-ustaše emigrants from Yugoslavia.
_	At first, the carelessness with which unit designations were revealed raised the suspicion that this was all part of a deliberate deception.
_	The book argues that nuclear safety is compromised by the suspicion that, as Eisaku Sato, formerly a governor of Fukushima province (with its infamous nuclear reactor complex), has put it of the regulators:
_	According to Fog, since none of his denunciations of Lomborg's work have been proven false, the suspicion that Lomborg has misled deliberately is maintained.
_	The prominence of US Ambassador Todd Robinson in the Guatemalan political scene once the scandal broke led to the suspicion that the US government was behind the investigation, perhaps because it needed an honest government in Guatemala to counter the presence of China and Russia in the region.
_	A confrontation ensued between the militia forces and officers of the Ministry of Public Security of Poland (UBP), which had been called in on the suspicion that the incident was a Jewish "provocation" to stir up unrest.
_	A fruit still life signed and dated 'AR. CLAESSENS 1644" (at gallery Leegenhoek in 1954) raises the suspicion that he was working elsewhere after his training in Antwerp.
_	The broadcasting of TV stations—including Samanyolu TV, Mehtap TV, S Haber and Radio Cihan—that are critical of the ruling AKP government were halted by Türksat because of a “legal obligation” to the order of a prosecutor's office, based on the suspicion that the channels support a terrorist organization.
_	However, the sheer amount of these claims was considered scandalous, and the suspicion that political influence was at work could not be allayed.
_	With the suspicion that the woman residing in their house is an impostor, the twins tie the woman to the bed and refuse to let her go until she tells them where their real mother is.
_	When her will was contested the court case revealed that she and her stepchildren had got on extremely badly and the newspapers encouraged the suspicion that Henrietta and her brothers were somehow to do with her death, and that their father might be a murderer.
_	On 13 October 2014, Benseddik was found laying on the floor in his apartment in Rabat unconscious and his face covered in blood and rushed to hospital with the suspicion that he was poisoned.
_	Beside his association with Rakovsky (probably creating the suspicion that he was a supporter of the Left Opposition), he had become of no use to Stalin after the "Popular Front" doctrine re-oriented the Comintern.
_	The junta, initially loyal to King Ferdinand VII of Spain, was justified by the suspicion that the García León de Pizarro planned to turn the country over to Princess Carlotta Joaquina, wife of Prince Regent John of Portugal and Brazil, but from the beginning the revolution provided a framework for the actions of the separatists who spread the rebellion to La Paz, where a Junta Tuitiva ("protecting junta") was formed on 16 July.
_	Bayan Muna representative Teddy Casiño said the only people benefiting from the situation was the President's administration, and that "[t]he lack of conclusive information... reinforces the suspicion that either there is a failure of intelligence or the obfuscation is deliberately orchestrated to divert the public's attention from the ... threat of emergency rule".
_	Security sources in Ireland have expressed the suspicion that, in co-operation with the RIRA, the Continuity IRA may have acquired arms and material from the Balkans.
_	Native soldiers called as witnesses complained of the paper "being stiff and like cloth in the mode of tearing", said that when the paper was burned it smelled of grease, and announced that the suspicion that the paper itself contained grease could not be removed from their minds.
_	The affair became known on February 14, 2008, when a raid was conducted against Klaus Zumwinkel, the chief executive of Deutsche Post AG, under the suspicion that he evaded about 1 million € ($1.46 million) in taxes.
_	"The Statesman Weekly", the leading Calcutta newspaper at the time, reported a week after the incident that "Seventeen Ananda Margis, two of them women, were done to death on April 30 morning by frenzied mobs at three places in South Calcutta in the suspicion that they were child-lifters."
_	The main reason to attack first from the north was the suspicion that a decisive victory could be won there quickly.
_	They sow "the suspicion that mysterious social powers are penetrating a 'hoax' on the majority of the people and depriving them of society's fruits".
_	However an elaborate epitaph in Latin verse "in print only and not in marble" was written by Bernardo Giorgio, Podestà of Padua, who shared the suspicion that he had been poisoned, and was published in 1560 by Bernardo Scardeoni, a Canon of Padua.
_	Nevertheless, this negative result supported the suspicion that "Trichoplax" might represent an extremely primitive lineage of metazoans, since a very long period of time had to be assumed for the accumulation of so many mutations.
_	Most of O'Hara's descriptions of sexuality are indirect: "There was the time Elinor Holloway... shinnied half way up the flagpole while five young gentlemen, standing at the foot of the pole, verified the suspicion that Elinor, who had not always lived in Gibbsville, was not naturally, or at least not entirely, a blonde."
_	Adams was acquitted on the first count of murder, and the second charge was controversially dropped via a "nolle prosequi"—an act by the prosecution that was later called by Devlin an "abuse of process", saying: "The use of nolle prosequi to conceal the deficiencies of the prosecution was an abuse of process, which left an innocent man under the suspicion that there might have been something in the talk of mass murder after all".
_	"If the suspicion that some Ditib imams were spying is confirmed, the organisation must be seen, at least in parts, as a long arm of the Turkish government.
_	Furthermore, a warrant would be issued only if it appeared to the judicial officer that there were reasonable grounds for the suspicion that an object connected with the commission of an offence, which might be a specified offence, was on the targeted premises.
_	However, the relationship was a tumultuous one and Renczi was again plagued by the suspicion that her new husband was involved in extramarital affairs.
_	He is estimated to have published 50 to 60 plagiarized articles in a few years, many of them in reputable journals, often with co-authors who have never published with anyone but him, which led to the suspicion that they may not exist.
_	In his later years, Basil's relationship with Leo was clouded by the suspicion that the latter might wish to avenge the murder of Michael III.
_	Farron stated, “This adds to the suspicion that these companies are just driven by a profit motive, and the incentive is to get the assessments done, but not necessarily to get the assessments right.
_	But there is also the suspicion that the name of "Ütersteen" showing what "ultra-stone" or "Ütristina", the old name of Pinnau originates.
_	To his boyhood friend, Ilya Ehrenburg, he expressed the suspicion that the whole trip was a trap set up by Stalin.
_	Relief of symptoms 5 to 10 minutes after the administration of viscous lidocaine and an antacid increases the suspicion that the pain is esophageal in origin.
_	Shore's punishment included open penance at Paul's Cross for her promiscuous behaviour by Richard, though this may have been motivated by the suspicion that she had harboured Grey when he was a fugitive or as a result of Richard’s antagonism towards any person who represented his older brother’s court.
_	Farron stated, “This adds to the suspicion that these companies are just driven by a profit motive, and the incentive is to get the assessments done, but not necessarily to get the assessments right.
_	Other works could, conversely, claim to be factual histories, yet earn the suspicion that they were wholly invented.
_	It was originally planned that both would shoot at Rand, so as to ensure that Rand would not live, however Balkrishna Hari lagged behind and Rand's carriage rolled on, Balkrishna Hari meanwhile on the suspicion that the occupants of the following carriage were whispering to each other, fired at the head of one of them from behind.
_	As for Rudge, she had to live with the suspicion that she was the lover of a traitor to her country.
_	In return, Rabbi Yosef Yitzchok was critical of the efforts of Rabbis Kalmanowitz and Kotler based on the suspicion that Kalmanowitz and Kotler were discriminating in their use of funds, placing their yeshivas before all else, and that the Mizrachi and Agudas Harabonim withdrew their support of the Vaad after they discovered this fact.
_	Other attempts to investigate the sources of funding of the organizations that observed the elections in Azerbaijan, have proved to be futile, which further reinforced the suspicion that their "experts" were funded by Azerbaijan.
_	One event which caused trouble for Øm Abbey was the suspicion that the monks harbored Abbot Arnfast of Ryd Abbey who was accused of having murdered King Christopher I of Denmark by giving him poisoned communion wine during mass at Ribe Cathedral in 1259.
_	The King was also motivated by the suspicion that Grandi's ideas about Fascism might be changed abruptly.
_	The militants abruptly cut negotiations with the suspicion that Yu was a Taiwanese spy and threatened to kill Evelyn Chang, but two days later, Yu’s team was able to re-open communications under the guise of being a different group of negotiators.
_	While incarcerated at a federal prison in Atlanta, Genovese soldier Joseph "Joe Cargo" Valachi believed he was being targeted for murder by the mob on the suspicion that he was an informant.
_	A more predictive way of looking at TD is that each dB of decay above 15 dB, should raise the suspicion that RCP lesion may exist.
_	Indeed Khalid's marriage to the beautiful Layla gave rise to the suspicion that Malik had been killed with the object of making her available to the conqueror.
_	The capture was due to the suspicion that he had illicitly laundered around twelve million in 2006.
_	However, Smith was detained by pro-British Indians in Saginaw on the suspicion that he was working on behalf of the United States.
_	In 2006, Harbert was sued by his sister Marguerite under the suspicion that he had failed to fulfil his fiduciary duties to the other shareholders of the Harbert Corporation, including his other brother and herself.
_	Because of the suspicion that this may have been a grave, Gerritsen was advised to inform the Western Australia Police.
_	From the shadows I was probably in the best position to study its effect and I realised that he had failed to achieve his object: for while General von Wietersheim [chief of staff of the Second Army Group] was the only one to find his tongue enough to show by his questions how little he agreed with what Hitler had outlined, this in itself probably crystallised in Hitler's mind the suspicion that he was confronted with an iron phalanx of men who inwardly refused to be swayed by any speech they thought was just a propaganda speech.
_	A clerk at a local antiques store shows Jane a framed front page of a 1985 newspaper, detailing the massacre of her family and the suspicion that Jane was responsible.
_	They said the numerous reports of irregularities "fan, to different degrees, the suspicion that the voting could have suffered decisive alterations."
_	Unfortunately, the suspicion that jazz existed only in hideous little subterranean sweat-boxes had assumed the proportions of a tradition.
_	In its report, the Home Affairs Select Committee stated, "We do not expressly accuse Mr. Hayman of lying to us in his evidence, but it is difficult to escape the suspicion that he deliberately prevaricated in order to mislead us.
_	This gives rise to a long initial tax free period and the suspicion that they are avoiding tax.
_	I think we all live with the suspicion that we're going to be going."
_	This led to the suspicion that Penny's reformed-junkie of a nephew was the murderer.
_	Moat apparently targeted Rathband randomly, simply for being a police officer, although on an earlier occasion Rathband had confiscated Moat's van on the suspicion that it was not insured.
_	His arrest was on the suspicion that he is involved with the Calamitus, a figure who intends to destroy Rome.
_	One mission, she is to break into an independent spy/theft's house, in order to prove or debunk the suspicion that his children are also becoming involved in the illegal trade.
_	Much later, more considered verdicts concur around the suspicion that the engines were starved because of issues involving the fuel feed system and/or the 16 rubber fuel bladders positioned in the wings.
_	Their whereabouts were unclear for some time and the suspicion that they had defected to the Soviet Union turned out to be correct but was not made public until 1956 when the two appeared at a press conference in Moscow.
_	Some suspicious deaths during the treatments and some suicides occurred in the institutes gave rise to the suspicion that they may have been provoked (at least partly) by the fear of the suffering during the treatments.
_	Nicanor elated himself to the extent that he incurred the suspicion that he was aiming to take power for himself.
_	On October 22, 1989, the catechist Philip Siphong Onphitak and six companions (nuns and laymen), who had been executed by Thai police during the Franco-Thai War of 1940 on the suspicion that they were French spies, were beatified as the Martyrs of Thailand.
_	The use of such an ambiguous, dated term as "Scythian" raises the suspicion that his contemporaries had difficulties classifying him, either from lack of knowledge about him personally or about his native land, Scythia Minor.
_	Throughout the novel, something menacing seems to lurk behind every street corner, and the suspicion that something awful or sinister is going to happen any minute "(this is after all a novel by Ruth Rendell) is what hooks the reader"
_	Another factor for the Hanseatic states was the suspicion that the Customs Union might not endure, even for the 12 years (renewable) specified in the treaties.
_	In 1947 the former caretaker was murdered in a legation car; in a footnote to his memoirs Spencer "cannot dismiss the suspicion that this assassination had been planned with the approval and the complicity of the Imperial Guard", although he admits the facts both then and later "are extremely sketchy".
_	At the onset, capital moved freely across borders during the Gold Standard period before World War I. After World War II, owing to the suspicion that a country’s macroeconomic instability could be due to the volatile capital flows, capital flows were deliberately managed under a variety of administrative controls as part of the governance in the international monetary Bretton Woods system.
_	There are reasons for the suspicion that the killer of Kirov, Nikolayev, was assisted by someone from among the people whose duty it was protect the person of Kirov.
_	After Evans's recall, the Armenian Assembly of America and the Armenian National Committee of America put pressure on the U.S. Senate to postpone the appointment of Richard E. Hoagland, the new nominee for the ambassadorship to Armenia, until the Bush administration clarified the reason for Evans's dismissal and on the suspicion that Hoagland did not sympathize with Armenian causes.
_	In 491 H (1098 CE) the amir Öner, a former governor of Fars who had been demoted after failing to quell a Kurdish rebellion, was persuaded to rebel, by Berk-Yaruq's dismissed ex-vizier, Mu'ayyad al-Mulk 'Ubayd Allah- a major reason being the suspicion that Berk-Yaruq's closest advisor, Majd al-Mulk, a known Shi'ite sympathiser and outward opponent of violence, was behind a series of assassinations of amirs.
_	He played for Hapoel Kfar Saba in the Israeli Premier League, but was sacked by the club on the suspicion that he threw a match against Maccabi Haifa.
_	Moreover, the proportion of patients capable of undergoing such procedures (attaining sufficiently "deep" "hypnosis") is as small as the percentage of the population who are capable of undergoing surgery with neither chemical nor hypnotic assistance, inviting the suspicion that these groups of "special" patients overlap.
_	When her fourth husband, John le Poer, fell ill in 1324, he expressed the suspicion that he was being poisoned.
_	Simmons chooses an outsider Lauren Pashley, raising the suspicion that he was looking to form an all-girl band.
_	Steve Cutler, chairman of the Overseas Security Advisory Council, and former U.S. FBI attaché to Manila, similarly sided with the suspicion that the incident was a robbery, not an act of terrorism.
_	One of the most popular segments is the fictional 'Ryan's Roses': where "listeners" call in with the suspicion that their significant other is cheating.
_	A local legend relates the foundation of Pontevedra to Teucer, hero of the Trojan War, a legend which was reinforced with the suspicion that Greek traders might have arrived to the Rias Baixas area in ancient times.
_	The Ingólfr episode which precedes it, with Ingólfr being compelled to test friendship by claiming to have committed murder when in fact he has only killed an animal for whom the person is named (Kálfr: a calf), is reminiscent of a parable found in the early-12th-century "Disciplina Clericalis" by Petrus Alphonsi; it has also been suggested that it modified this story to allude to an early-13th-century event, the killing of a man called Hafr (which means goat) and the suspicion that it was committed by Sighvatr Sturluson.
_	In 1972, she arrived at the island of Hispaniola with the suspicion that Dominicans owned more to the Afro-Caribbean culture than what had been documented yet.
_	In his novel Winter Valley (apparently Korean only), Kim retells the story of the massacre of the entire village of Koch’ang, who were killed on the suspicion that the village had worked with communist guerrillas during the Korean War.
_	Richard begins to hold the suspicion that the fact that he has practised in Australia is being held against him.
_	In some discussions, Friedkin claims that the missing 40 minutes had no effect on the story or the characterizations, but in others he states that the footage created "mysterious twists and turns (which [the film] no longer takes)", that the suspicion that Pacino's character may have himself become a killer was made more clear and that the missing footage simultaneously made the film both more and less ambiguous.
_	The FBI has investigated Concept Schools, which operate 16 Horizon Science Academies across Ohio, on the suspicion that they illegally used taxpayer money to pay immigration and legal fees for people they never even employed, an Ohio ABC affiliate discovered.
_	The second involves a city bus and insurance adjustor Abe Holt (Forest Whitaker), who has arrived at the scene on the suspicion that many of the passengers boarded the bus after the accident, looking to file a claim.
_	Valentina's brother Paquito is in love with Adoración, but the suspicion that Adoración is the heir both Valerugos and Fontanas make her a target for Fernando's family, her wife Raquel and her son Alfredo.
_	Marais is taken into custody by South African intelligence and Berenson's efforts are rendered unusable to the KGB, as Irvine intends to use his own spy network and plant the suspicion that Berenson was in fact a double agent, so that his information will be considered suspect.
_	In 1970 and 1971 the district attorney in Munich investigated Dunckern due to the suspicion that he had aided mass murder in his capacity as chief of police in Metz during the war.
_	This majority view is that Paul was attempting to shield the new Christian movement from the suspicion that it might undermine contemporary social structures and ultimately threaten the stability of the Roman empire.
_	When his body was prepared for buriel, it was discovered that his arms were covered with track marks, and opium was found in his pocket, giving rise to the suspicion that he had become a drug addict.
_	Giving instances of the killing of Bengal migrant worker Manik Roy, who was beaten up by a group of men in Thiruvananthapuram in Kerala on the suspicion that he had stolen a hen and a 30-year old tribal man Madhu, who was beaten by an irate mob in Kerala on the accusation of theft, Lekhi told that many cases of lynchings happen due to poverty and economic issues.
_	Caroline reveals the secret and Bonnie tells Elena later about it, planting the suspicion that Stefan may be concealing the truth about his relationship with Katherine.
_	In 2002, a State Comptroller report raised the suspicion that South African businessman and a longtime friend of Sharon Cyril Kern helped Sharon repay illegal contributions to a 1999 campaign by making a $1.5 million loan to Sharon’s sons, Gilad Sharon and Omri Sharon, the original source of the money being Austrian businessman Martin Schlaff (the “Cyril Kern affair”).
_	In 2002, the investment banking firm Merrill Lynch became the target of an investigation by the Attorney General of New York, based on the suspicion that the firm's loyalty to its investment banking clients had caused it to render biased investment advice.
_	A researcher was employed and an electron microscopic technique was then devised which confirmed the suspicion that human papillomavirus (HPV) particles were present in these abnormal cells, in both cytologic and histologic preparations (Pap smears and cervical biopsies).
_	I told him, 'I don't want any scene in this picture that doesn't either end with a shock or the suspicion that a shocking event is about to take place.'
_	Another matter of concern is the suspicion that the penitentiary department won’t be able to interpret the Committee’s recommendations correctly for their own use, which fact can affect the efficiency of their implementation.
_	Intercepts of traffic which had an 8-letter indicator sequence before the usual 5-letter groups led to the suspicion that a 4-rotor machine was being used.
_	To try to show his own good faith, Guo, after receiving permission from Li Jiji, soon had Wang Zongbi and his allies Wang Zongxun (王宗勳) and Wang Zongwo (王宗渥) executed, but that did not completely lift the suspicion that Li Jiji had for him.
_	At the end of the previous episode, Postgame Mortem, Veronica is arrested by Sheriff Lamb (Michael Muhney) on the suspicion that she helped the now-missing Josh Barry to escape from prison.
_	Throughout the remainder of that year and in 1840, a number of schemes were put forward and discussed; there were alternative routes, but they all met with the suspicion that large sums of money might be subscribed without the lines being completed.
_	mtDNA cytochrome "b" and NADH dehydrogenase subunit 2 sequence data (Voelker, 2002) is of limited use: the suspicion that there is a superspecies of probably 3 white-bellied, black-throated wagtails is confirmed.
_	During the same exchange in the Commons, other Labour MPs pursued the suspicion that the USA had orchestrated the "coup".
_	The philosophical plot, Arvin believes, is furnished by the interaction between the intense longing for certainty, and the suspicion that on the great fundamental questions, "final, last thoughts you mortals have none; nor can have."
_	With the suspicion that she may be a plant, Taylor reads her mind and confirms that she is against Hatch.
_	The US District Court empaneled a grand jury to determine whether arson charges should be brought against some of the protesters on the suspicion that they may have intended to damage a police car by firing a bottle rocket under it, even though the only official damage reported was a broken tail light.
_	Carson was investigated by the FBI, under the suspicion that he violated the civil rights of the Korean shopkeepers.
_	Acting on the suspicion that the FBI have secretly bugged Wolfe’s office, Wolfe gathers the key suspects in his office and publicly claims that he is gathering proof that FBI agents murdered Althaus and are covering it up, while directing Archie to conduct his own investigation.
_	Researchers were made aware of it in 1988 when a woman named Merleen Smith in Ventura County, California contacted a local farm advisor on the suspicion that her neighbor was poisoning her tree; the cultivar now bears her name.
_	Others were less harsh; reviewing the little-liked "Melinda and Melinda", Roger Ebert wrote, "I cannot escape the suspicion that if Woody had never made a previous film, if each new one was Woody's Sundance debut, it would get a better reception.
_	The importance of the notion rests on the suspicion that Koszul duality seems quite ubiquitous in nature.
_	Devlin later referred to this "an abuse of process", saying: "The use of "nolle prosequi" to conceal the deficiencies of the prosection was an abuse of process, which left an innocent man under the suspicion that there might have been something in the talk of mass murder after all".
_	A significant faction in the wave of riots was the suspicion that Israeli extremists were behind a revenge killing of Abu-Khdeir.
_	The fact that Adalbero's memory was cherished by Emperor Otto adds weight to the suspicion that any removal of his rights and duties as Bishop undertaken by Duke Conrad the Red in 954 (by which date Conrad was in rebellion against Otto) is unlikely to have been permanent.
_	Plutarch reports the suspicion that Caesar was also Brutus's biological father, although as he was only fifteen when Brutus was born this is unlikely.
_	It said the information it received has reinforced the suspicion that there was collusion.
_	Anthony Stewart Head was not allowed to touch anything while onscreen for several episodes prior to this one, in order to set up the suspicion that Giles might actually be the First.
_	According to his arrest report, he was caught by police who were surveying his home under the suspicion that he was running a grow house.
_	She provided Berding with insights into the thinking and possible intentions of her former boss, Wilhelm Höttl, providing, they noted, "partial confirmation of the suspicion that Dr. Hoettl had offered the services of his Southeastern Europe intelligence network to the Americans to further his own political ambitions in Austria."
_	In addition to all of these activities, this indefatigable woman still needs to address other issues such as the suspicion that her late husband had a daughter out of wedlock.
_	The poisoning of Litvinenko immediately led to the suspicion that he was killed by Russian secret services.
_	Hernandez was arrested on January 26 on the suspicion that he was among the leaders of the rebellion.
_	The court ruled that Del Ponte had no authority to seize the $90 million only on the suspicion that it included money from drug-trafficking.
_	All books, whatever their subject matter, written in Konkani, Marathi and Sanskrit were seized by the inquisition and burnt on the suspicion that they might deal with idolatry.
_	There is also the suspicion that they were deliberately frozen out of the British scene by established local musicians, who considered them interlopers.
_	Velimirović had been imprisoned by the Germans in July 1941 on the suspicion that he was a Chetnik sympathizer and Ljotić had written several letters to German officials that summer, urging them to release the Bishop on account that he had allegedly praised Hitler before the war.
_	Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic wrote "it's easy to enjoy "Ringleader of the Tormentors" as merely an everyday Morrissey record, but it's hard not to shake the suspicion that this album is the closest he's ever been to forgettable."
_	After Elena and Damon wake up and continue where they left off the night before, Stefan arrives to the Salvatore house and approaches Damon with the suspicion that Elena is sired to him.
_	COINTELPRO actions included planting forged documents to create the suspicion that a key person was an FBI informer, spreading rumors through anonymous letters, leaking information to the press, calling for IRS audits, and the like.
_	But though Lydiadas was unable to shake Aratus' long-established standing, he maintained his ground, not withstanding the insidious attacks of his rival, and the suspicion that naturally attached to one who had formerly borne the name of tyrant.
_	Initially, all liquids were forbidden, including beverages, hair gels, toothpaste, lipstick, sunscreen, and hand lotions, due to the suspicion that liquid chemicals were planned to be used in the attacks.
_	In the 1920s, Harold Murdock of Boston attempted to solve the puzzle of the first shots fired on Lexington Green, and came to the suspicion that the few score militia men who gathered before sunrise to await the arrival of hundreds of well-prepared British soldiers were sent specifically to provoke an incident which could be used for propaganda purposes.
_	The Sea King sends her on another reconnaissance mission to Led Belarus, under the suspicion that it is too quiet and is a target for evil forces.
_	In 1747, the Prussian ambassador claimed that she was politically active: "without arousing the suspicion that she is trying to meddle" in political matters.
_	This encouraged the suspicion that anyone such as Neale was an agent of the Vatican, assigned to destroy Anglicanism by subverting it from within.
_	As a result of the suspicion that faulty points were the cause of the Grayrigg Derailment, Network Rail checked over 700 sets of similar points across the country as a "precautionary measure" saying later that "nothing of concern" had been found.
_	Moreover, when, in 1941 Anthony Blunt informed Harry Pollitt that Tom Driberg was an informer, and Driberg was expelled from the Communist Party, Knight developed the suspicion that his unit had been infiltrated by the KGB, but Blunt's treachery remained undiscovered for the time being.
_	The maintenance foreman on the scene, William Baldwin, said at the time that someone in the signaling tower located in the tunnel south of 40th Street must have pushed the button to open the switch, but the towerman, Harry King, maintained that no one had, leading to the suspicion that Baldwin had activated it from trackside with his assistant holding down the automatic brake tripper.
_	But I couldn't entirely shift the suspicion that some of it was just a little too good to be true."
_	In 1988, Merleen Smith, a woman in Ventura County, California, contacted her local farm advisor on the suspicion that her neighbor was poisoning her tree.
_	Questions were asked in Parliament about the loss of six aircraft worth £750,000 and the suspicion that the Mark 1 and 2 Hunters "are liable to be deficient in fuel if a crisis arises".
_	This has led to the suspicion that the source of this myth stems from the British song, usually put to the tune of the Colonel Bogey March.
_	The prosecution's conduct of the trial has been heavily criticised, and its decision to drop a second murder charge via a nolle prosequi was scathingly described by the trial judge, Patrick Devlin, as "an abuse of process", saying: "The use of "nolle prosequi" to conceal the deficiencies of the prosection was an abuse of process, which left an innocent man under the suspicion that there might have been something in the talk of mass murder after all"..
_	Come clear in the first season must Tanja first with the suspicion that she is possibly pregnant.
_	Until 1776 the theatre had been financed de facto, but not de jure, by the University of Trnava of the Society of Jesus, which were suppressed by the order of Pope Clement XIV in 1773, therefore it is difficult to determine who the actual director was and therefore the suspicion that the same surnames were no coincidence, however, did not constitute a kinship, but a financial intelligence for purchased exams and for identifying of high-risk housing tenants.
_	When Betsy started to investigate Kyle, under the suspicion that he may be the one behind the murders, Kyle kills her, stabbing her multiple times inside her own home.
_	On March 10, 2016, a limited number of Stouffer’s products were voluntarily recalled on the suspicion that they contained small pieces of glass.
_	Idara (Ini Edo), a village girl enjoys dancing so much; her father, Chief Ekene (Sam Loco Efe) takes her to the priest, concerned about her behaviour with the suspicion that she might be possessed.
_	During the period, Arghezi also became a prominent art critic, and engaged in the defense of Ștefan Luchian, a painter who was suffering from multiple sclerosis and was facing charges of fraud (based on the suspicion that he could no longer paint, and had allowed his name to be signed to other people's works).
_	On the other hand, while "Jahāngir" appears to be disconcerted, one cannot escape the suspicion that he may in fact be a willing participant in the creation of the script that "Royā" is in the process of creating.
_	This gave rise to the suspicion that Knobelsdorff hoped for some relief from his chronic health problems from the plants in his garden.
_	and serve only to heighten the suspicion that there's something out there that the air force doesn't want us to know about", while a Wichita-based UPI reporter noted that "Ordinary radar does not pick up planets and stars."
_	A guard cannot arrest someone merely on the suspicion that person is going to commit a theft.
_	By selecting a non-party head of government, the Khana Ratsadon wanted to avoid the suspicion that the coup had only been carried out in order to come to power itself.
_	Stoking the suspicion that the Soviets were involved in the plane crash, one of the fatalities was General Akhtar Abdur Rehman, the Chairman of the Pakistan’s Joint Chiefs of Staff and former head of the nation’s spy agency, Inter Service Intelligence (ISI); Rehman was a leader of the Afghan mujahedin’s war against the Soviets.
_	From 1861 to 1881, he was married to the pianist Ekaterina Krivtsova, but separated from her when she was pregnant with his son , on the suspicion that Ivan was not his child.
_	On the publication of Elhaik's study, "Haaretz" reported comments by Sand, who took Elhaik's paper as a vindication of his ideas and seized the opportunity to criticize again "geneticists looking for Jewish genes", expressing the suspicion that the findings of prior geneticists may have been "adapted" for political reasons.
_	He was arrested in California in 1998, under the suspicion that his violent rap lyrics violated his parole.
_	Jones went to see the car which gave the suspicion that ballast had been added to bring the car within the regulations to make it legal.
_	Furnas argued that Dooley was read and accepted by a far wider audience in his time than was Twain, thus rousing "the suspicion that as between the two, Dunne better fitted the notion of a national humorist".
_	On 28 September 2007, the prosecutory authority officially dropped the suspicion that the Dogok land was under a borrowed name, announcing, "We have done all necessary investigations, including tracing the proceeds from the sale of the land and call history, and now got to the bottom of this case."
_	Together with the authorities of the Catholic Church, Borg harboured the suspicion that the Protestant colonial government took a laissez faire attitude towards mixed marriages in order to increase the Protestant population in the Maltese islands and thereby diminish Catholic influence.
_	On September 12, 2001, he wrote that, if the suspicion that bin Laden was behind the attack proved correct, the United States had no choice but to go to war in Afghanistan.
_	Although he largely recovers, he has cognitive impairments, including Capgras syndrome, the suspicion that his sister has been replaced by an imposter.
_	O'Brien muses over the suspicion that, without Harvard and writing, he too might have lost the will to live after returning from Vietnam.
_	Not much is known beyond the suspicion that the Nightrays caused her death.
_	Several residents of the city were executed on the suspicion that they were traitors.
_	However, Grimm was denied entry into Russia for the moment on the suspicion that he was a German spy.
_	Solimar, a Puerto Rican salon employee, is caught between her increasing desire towards her Dominican neighbor Roberto and the suspicion that he violently murdered his Haitian wife.
_	However, the suspicion that Dorgon was actually murdered by his political enemies while being away from the heavy protection afforded him inside the Forbidden City never went away.
_	The controversy linked to Muralitharan's delivery emerged in 1995, when the umpire of the test match between Sri Lanka and Australia deemed Muralitharan's delivery as illegal on the suspicion that he was throwing the ball.
_	This raises the suspicion that this was a political maneuver and not based off of relevant considerations."
_	The radical leadership of the party could never escape the suspicion that Hanoi had designs on building an Indochinese federation with the North Vietnamese as its master.
_	For some, the marriages to Acker and Rambova, as well as the relationship with Pola Negri, add to the suspicion that Valentino was gay and that these were "lavender marriages."
_	Shortly before the liberation, it was therefore necessary to issue the ban on membership in political parties or trade unions to all members of the Body, to dispel the suspicion that the police activities could still suffer "guidelines."
_	The unwillingness of the established trading nations, primarily England, the Netherlands and France, to help and acknowledge the SOIC during the first years were founded on the suspicion that the company was merely a front for those merchants who wished to circumvent the rules and regulations of the East India trade in their own countries.
_	These strange circumstances led to the suspicion that he was poisoned.
_	This model contained many features that were to appear on the GPz900R model leading to the suspicion that it was used to test the acceptability of newer technology such as Unitrack and Anti-Dive forks and the newer styling.
_	The Electronic Frontier Foundation criticized the raid as violating journalist source protection laws that forbid the seizure of journalist computers as well as the suspicion that Apple had used its influence as a member of the steering committee which is charged with direction and oversight of the California REACT task force to push police into action in a way that would not normally be conducted for this type of incident.
_	It was originally planned that both would shoot at Rand, so as to ensure that Rand would not live, however Balkrishna Hari lagged behind and Rand's carriage rolled on, Balkrishna Hari meanwhile on the suspicion that the occupants of the following carriage were whispering to each other, fired at the head of one of them from behind.
_	In the second installment, he revealed the suspicion that he and Ampère had harbored since 1816, and the difficulty it raised.
_	In March 2006 the news that "Blue Peter" badges were available for sale on auction websites such as eBay attracted a great deal of media interest, with the suspicion that the right to free entry was being abused.
_	In a setting of uneasy atmosphere amidst questionable characters and unlikely accidents, their efforts become increasingly difficult, justifying the suspicion that someone tries to prevent the reporters from reaching their goal.
_	Another distinguished cause of endangerment is the past use of DDT and other chemicals which has hurt all of the birds of prey populations as well as the bat population (mainly Microchiroptera) which were also killed by human made lighting in the caves due to the suspicion that fruit-eating bats were harming local crops.
_	Mr. Hughes added that this confirmed the suspicion that the raider got within safe range and ascertained that no war ships were in the vicinity before revealing its identity.
_	Case 1270 is the suspicion that Netanyahu's former media advisor offered District Court president Hila Gerstel an appointment to the vacated Attorney General of Israel in exchange for closing a case against Netanyahu's wife, an offer Gerstel refused.
_	The local press has once dubbed him "Mr. (Mobile) ATM" (automated teller machine), due to the suspicion that he had bought the loyalty of political associates in exchange for money.
_	“… only now and then when some startling fact is brought before us do we entertain even the suspicion that there is a society close to our own, and with which we are in the habits of daily intercourse, of which we are as completely ignorant as if it dwelt in another land, of another language in which we never conversed, which in fact we never saw.
_	It was also at Cane Ridge that significant reservations began to be voiced by ministers and others skeptical of the scope and prevalence of the bodily exercises, especially in regard to the suspicion that some of the ministers encouraged them, or declared people converted because of them.
_	Although Nasar notes that Nash did not consider himself a homosexual, she describes his arrest for indecent exposure and firing from RAND amid the suspicion that he was a homosexual (then considered grounds for revoking one's security clearance).
_	This abnormally raises the suspicion that what we have here is a stone-carver's mistake on the order of these offices; however, nothing else in the layout of the inscription suggests the carver had entered it in the wrong place, and in his discussion of this inscription Professor Alföldy accepts that it followed Paullinus' term as "prefectus frumenti dandi".
_	Weil's willingness to return to the U.S. raised the suspicion that he may have been offered a "sweetheart deal" by the U.S. Department of Justice, which treated another UBS conspirator, Martin Liechti, extremely leniently, according to Bradley Birkenfeld's lawyer, Stephen M. Kohn of the National Whistleblower Center.
_	Marissa’s statement that the pills came from Savana, information from a student that pills were being brought to school, and information from faculty regarding the relationship between Marissa and Savana was determined to be sufficiently plausible grounds to justify the suspicion that Savana was involved in pill distribution.
_	The existence of the statue in Barus raises the suspicion that the Tamil community there was permanent or semi-permanent, therefore it has its own place of worship.
_	His pseudonym is found on a hospital bracelet; and he has no recollection of events save for the suspicion that someone died during the gap in his memory.
_	This led to the suspicion that Đurađ was an Ottoman vassal.
_	In addition to Brazil’s refusal to sign the NPT, the fact that the country was ruled by a hard-line military regime fuelled the suspicion that Brasília was pursuing a nuclear bomb.
_	There were frequent riots by starving workers, often associated with special hostility towards bakers and millers on the suspicion that they were hiding grain to drive up food prices.
_	In January 2012 a student at the school was arrested on the suspicion that he brought a weapon to the school.
_	Upon Thomas' disappearance the French consul at Damascus, Ulysse de Ratti-Menton, who supported Christian merchants and advisers over Jewish ones, and Christian families seeking economic ascendancy over the formerly empowered Farhi family, instituted investigations in the Jewish quarter giving rise to the suspicion that Jews were behind the priest's disappearance.
_	Nowadays, different positions are taken in this matter stemming from the suspicion that De Witt may have manipulated the writings out of fear that they might fall into the wrong hands.
_	James Blish, however, received the novel negatively, saying "I disliked everybody in it and I was constantly impeded by the suspicion that Brunner was not writing for himself but for a Prize.
_	It is quite drought-tolerant, giving rise to the suspicion that Southern England could be at the northern extent of its range.
_	He was arrested in 2009 on the suspicion that he was bribing MPs to vote against the government of President Nasheed.
_	Mahipala II imprisoned his brothers Ramapala and Surapala II, on the suspicion that they were conspiring against him.
_	Mo submitted a petition in which he pointed out that even the suspicion that Emperor Wenzong would consider it — which would be a violation against Confucian regulations against endogamy — would appear inappropriate.
_	During her tenure, she was referred to by her most outspoken critics as a "poster-child for the militias," and in February 1995 she voiced the suspicion that armed federal agents were landing black helicopters on Idaho ranchers' property to enforce the Endangered Species Act, in line with a longstanding conspiracy theory.
_	But these offshore companies and assets were not disclosed on his family's wealth statement and the suspicion that the companies were meant to hide or launder ill-gotten wealth or to avoid taxes called Sharif's ethics into question.
_	I trust those voices, but always with black writers there's the suspicion that they can't create language/voices as other writers can—that they can't invent a linguistic world in the same way."
_	Chicago Police questioned him about the infamous St. Valentine's Day Massacre in February 1929, on the suspicion that Keywell acted as a lookout for the killers, however Harry had a cast-iron alibi for the day.
_	Gustafsson was a bus driver and lived a normal life until 2004, almost 44 years after the event, when he was arrested by the police on the suspicion that he was the murderer.
_	The epidemical Marburg virus was found in 2007 in specimens of the Egyptian fruit bat, confirming the suspicion that this species may be a reservoir for this virus.
_	Outstanding court cases against the "Manchester Observer" were rushed through the courts and a continual change of sub-editors was not sufficient defence against a series of police raids, often on the suspicion that someone was writing a radical article.
_	The case concerned 81 child protection applications relating to children in New South Wales and Victoria who were taken from their parents by social workers and police in a raid in 1992 on the suspicion that the children were in immediate danger of abuse if they remained with the fundamentalist Christian group.
_	This led to the suspicion that they were trying to disguise themselves as Orthodox Jews, but this theory was later discounted.
_	There is no formal breach between the two, only disagreement, giving rise to the suspicion that 4QMMT may have been written at a time of dispute between the Scrolls community and the Judaean political and religious establishment in Jerusalem, possibly concerning laws covering purity.
_	Jared contacts St. Ann's, however, and Jessica is committed – per her own past instructions – on the suspicion that Tess has indeed taken over again.
_	The most controversial part of this is the suspicion that his two grandchildren, who currently reside in the US and South Africa, are the heirs to the Banda fortune.
_	Gudden's body showed blows to the head and neck and signs of strangulation, leading to the suspicion that he was strangled, although there is no more evidence to prove this.
_	Matthias gets credit from his family for working things with Katja out, when he has the suspicion that the man Katja might have slept with is Lydia's boyfriend Sebastian.
_	It originates from the suspicion that when a white woman gave birth to a dark-complexioned child, the father is most likely black, or from the practice of runaway slaves from the Southern United States hiding in piles of wood.
_	Although research has confirmed the suspicion that larger outlets benefit to a greater extent from the liberalisation of shop-closing regulations than their smaller counterparts, such regulations serve only to protect the inefficiency of the latter, thereby harming consumers.
_	After Laval's sentence and execution in October 1945, Chambrun was put on police watch in Paris on the suspicion that he may have helped the Nazis during the war; in 1942 Chevalier had been named on a list of French collaborators with Germany to be killed during the war, or tried after it.
_	One of these, the "Historia Sicula" by the contemporaneous Messinese chronicler Bartholomaeus of Neocastro, is very unfavorable to her, but the understandable political motives influencing the pro-Aragonese Neocastro may not be enough to justify his acrimony, for some so excessive as to warrant the suspicion that he was "one of the victims of the woman's spell."
_	While Ealdgyth is a common female name in the period, this coincidence has raised the suspicion that the Worcester chronicler has confused Sigeferth's widow with his sister-in-law.
_	This contributed to the suspicion that Leo was (or at least believed himself to be) in truth Michael's son.
_	And nothing Republicans could say would overcome the suspicion that they had planned the whole thing.
_	All the enthusiasm Adorno's students showed for intellectual matters could not erase the suspicion that, in the words of Max Frisch, culture had become an "alibi" for the absence of political consciousness.
_	The two groups, although they are near to one another, are executed in a different technique giving rise to the suspicion that they were created in different periods.
_	His sudden death at Bitolia in Paphlagonia in 1158 while returning from the second mission gave rise to the suspicion that he was poisoned by the Byzantines.
_	On 30 March 1984, Goniwe, Fort Calata, Madoda Jacobs and Mbulelo Goniwe were detained on the suspicion that they were instigators of the school boycott which directly and indirectly led to further school boycotts within many communities in South Africa.
_	The United States Attorney in San Francisco requested an FBI investigation of the shooting shortly after it occurred, on the suspicion that Kao's civil rights had been violated through the use of excessive force, which potentially could have led to a life sentence.
_	Hughes' claims that, in Hobart "the suspicion that the commandant was out of control, that the island's remoteness from Hobart had permitted some cancer of his soul to metastasise wildly, could not entirely be allayed".
_	A warrant would be issued only if it appeared to the judicial officer that there were reasonable grounds for the suspicion that an object connected with the commission of an offence, which might be a specified offence, was on the targeted premises.
_	By 1998, in the midst of the Bill Clinton sexual misconduct allegations, which led to his impeachment, Lindsey was subpoenaed by Ken Starr and testified before the grand jury on the suspicion that he silenced Clinton's alleged victims.
_	The Motion Picture Production Code Administration allowed the innuendo, but recommended "extremely careful handling to avoid planting the suspicion that he may be homosexual."
_	The physical parameters of WR 46 are all estimates from assumptions about the distance and models for stars of its type, complicated by the suspicion that there is a companion star.
_	As original reports had it, suspicion fell primarily on Nogaret with the suspicion that his sudden death was caused by poisoning.
_	Cornelis van Aerssen was in the same year appointed an official of the Dutch Estates-General, but continued to live in Brussels, which raised the suspicion that he was plotting with the Spanish.
_	Devlin later termed this "an abuse of process", done because the prosecution’s case was deficient, which left Adams under the suspicion that there might have been some truth in talk of mass murder.
_	In his professional life, Francis is sent to Thomas Pinto's pet store to audit books of account pursuant to the suspicion that Thomas is profiting from the illegal import of rare bird species.
_	These strange circumstances led to the suspicion that he was poisoned.
_	He quietly harbors a desire to return to the force, and he gets the chance when approached by his old partner and friend, and now a successful FBI agent, Steve James (Derek Webster), who visits Burke to talk about an investigation into the suspicious and violent murders of several inmates at Cainsville State Penitentiary, a notorious and brutal maximum security prison, with the suspicion that the prison warden, Carl Golan (Stacy Keach), is running an underground fight club where prisoners fight to the death for the entertainment of private viewers and paying internet subscribers and for the financial gain of prison officials.
_	After the war, he was blacklisted under the suspicion that he was a communist sympathizer.
_	In Hall's absence, when two officers from "Conway" came on shore at Callao, the Peruvian authorities arrested them on the suspicion that the officers were spies for Cochrane.
_	May argued that were the government to confirm in one case that a person was an agent then refused to comment in another, that would give rise to the suspicion that the person worked as an agent thereby putting his life in danger, McGartland replied that May's argument would be reasonable if "those particular horses had not bolted long ago".
_	Officially they maintained that they had no direct leads, but were following up on the suspicion that the attack might be part of wider campaign of violence orchestrated by leaders of the Czech extreme right, and not an isolated incident.
_	The race appeared to confirm the suspicion that On The House lacked stamina, and Eddery opted to ride Merlin's Charm in the 1000 Guineas over Newmarket's Rowley Mile course on 29 April.
_	The Gestapo had the authority to arrest citizens on the suspicion that they might commit a crime, and the definition of a crime was at their discretion.
_	Doubts about Safiyya's loyalty to Islam and the suspicion that she would avenge her slain kin are themes in the "Sirah Rasul Allah" (biographies of Muhammad).
_	He showed up at the National Assembly hall on the next day with the suspicion that he had already destroyed important evidence.
_	Critics and opponents inside and outside Thailand often express the suspicion that UDD's socially progressive platform and the organization as an independent NGO are only feigned to actually pursue the agenda of Thaksin and his entourage.
_	Is it moving ahead with the same strategy in Telangana?, was the suspicion that spread out.
_	John with the suspicion that Sam's child is alive, and was switched with Téa's baby.
_	All books, whatever their subject matter, written in Konkani, Marathi, or Sanskrit, were seized by the inquisition and burnt on the suspicion that they might deal with idolatry.
_	In 1648, Werden's estates were again sequestered on the suspicion that he harboured treasonable designs, a fifth being allowed his wife for maintenance.
_	According to Mafia turncoat (pentito) Tommaso Buscetta the murder of Scaglione had three objectives: to remove a troublesome prosecutor, to bring heat on two rival Mafiosi who were being tried by Scaglione and who might be thought culpable, and to create the suspicion that Scaglione had collaborated with the Mafia.
_	The latest news reveals the suspicion that members of iProA, a communist peripheral organization in Hong Kong, is organizing all these activities in Hong Kong.
_	In order to avoid the serious levels of power loss then typical in small-engined cars with automatic transmission the manufacturers incorporated a new carburettor and a higher compression ratio in the new 1965 automatic transmission cars: indeed a press report of the time found very little power loss in the automatic 1100, though the same report expressed the suspicion that this might in part reflect the unusually high level of power loss resulting from the way in which the installation of the transversely mounted "normal" manual gear box had been engineered.
_	However, the relations with the transitional government were strained from the very beginning of the Libyan Civil War when five Serbs were captured by Anti-Gaddafi rebels under the suspicion that they fought as mercenaries for Muammar Gaddafi.
_	In January 1908 he brought it to the President's attention that there was no front-runner for the Republican nomination to succeed him and that many Republican leaders in the United States Congress were under the suspicion that Roosevelt had every intention of running for a third term.
_	To general surprise, Manningham-Buller, entered a plea of nolle prosequi in the Hullett case, this was later described by the presiding judge Patrick Devlin, who said that nolle prosequi had never before been used to prevent an accused person from being acquitted, as "an abuse of process" which left Adams under the suspicion that there might have been something in the talk of mass murder.
_	"This confirms the suspicion that the law violates EU law, but Brussels does not want to offend Germany".
_	Eyler described the boy to be between fifteen and twenty years old and confirmed the suspicion that he had been picked up near Terre Haute, Indiana.
_	Her sister Susanna also had a similar injury, raising the suspicion that it may have been caused by their training programme.
_	The security guard was dismissed on the suspicion that he could be fraternising with the workers in order to steal from the mines.
_	For some years, the chief power had been in the hands of a faction of Sindhi Jamadars, who, in 1812, under the suspicion that he was about to reduce their power, murdered Firoz Khan, when out hunting.
_	The rug would be nearly impossible to duplicate, raising the suspicion that the rug was not destroyed, as reported decades earlier.
_	He did not do much to rebut the suspicion that he was involved in his wife's death, first practically making out with a nurse in the hospital a few days after the event, then asking J.D.'s girlfriend Julie to hide a hammer (supposedly the murder weapon) for him in her basement, a maneuver J.D. stopped at the last second.
_	Many of the accusations came from competitors, and fearing trial and even execution, Smellie stopped his work for several years in an effort to quash the suspicion that had been raised.
_	Whereas, "Beowulf" leaves the Danish court with the suspicion that Hroðulf (Rolfo Krage, Hrólfr Kraki) might claim the Danish throne for himself at the death of Hroðgar (Roas, Hróarr), it is exactly what he does in Scandinavian tradition.
_	In "Kent v. Dulles," 357 U.S. 116 (1958), the United States Secretary of State had refused to issue a passport to an American citizen based on the suspicion that the plaintiff was going abroad to promote communism (personal restrictions/national security).
_	This has given rise to the suspicion that the craftsmen may have been Marranos or Crypto-Jews, and the cleverly concealed image is a symbol depicting the broken heart of Spain.
_	To determine if proteinuria is present, the urine can be collected and tested for protein; if there is 0.3 grams of protein or more in the urine of a pregnant woman collected over 24 hours, this is one of the diagnostic criteria for pre-eclampsia and raises the suspicion that a seizure is due to eclampsia.
_	Bully Hayes may not have ever taken a ship by force in the tradition of a pirate or privateer, acts of fraud having been his preferred means of gaining command of a ship, however if the suspicion that he disposed of Ben Pease to gain command of the "Pioneer" is true then he may well have been a murderer.
_	Probing further, he comes to Basarlapudi to meet Nandu, under the suspicion that he may be the killer.
_	The discovery of soldiers, cannon and ammunition on the ship led to the suspicion that it was intended for the conquest of Japan, and that the missionaries were merely to prepare the way for the soldiers.
_	Leonnatus, who threw the spear that killed Pausanias, was demoted, possibly under the suspicion that he was trying to prevent the assassin from being interrogated.
_	As the cormorant population grew, so did the suspicion that its predation was causing a decline in fish populations.
_	It is hard to set aside the suspicion that the details in the book were the fruit of the observations of a professional spy.
_	All of them thereby seek to protest against the suspicion that they are professional prophets, because the latter discredited themselves by flattering national vanities and ignoring the misdeeds of prominent men.
_	On 4 August 1686 the Portuguese soldiers in the service of the East India Company deputed to serve in the war in Bengal refused to embark on their journey under the suspicion that the factors actually intended to send them to revive an abandoned settlement in West Sumatra which had fallen to a mysterious epidemic.
_	Encountering high cliffs, rough jungle foliage, and deadly animals, the crew comes to see that Cazalla has docked under the suspicion that Hunter is still on his way to the island.
_	In 1895, she unsuccessfully attempted to sink the American merchant ship "Allianca" off Cape Maisi, Cuba under the suspicion that she was smuggling arms to the Cuban insurgents.
_	It seemed that Krupp had decided to give battle, however by now his nerves were shot, perhaps because of the suspicion that this time the scandal was so big and well-grounded that even his wealth and his friendships couldn't save him if due process occurred.
_	The announcement for separation occurred just before the appearance of the disease and along with this came the suspicion that the separation was done on purpose by Serbians to prepare for poisoning.
_	This is likely because MTV had deleted at least a few 100,000 online votes under the suspicion that there had been foul play.
_	She also expressed the suspicion that the report was “made to order to fit the agreement” reached between Hitler and Chamberlain at Berchtesgaden and was a “piece of propaganda”.
_	Frei's investigation confirmed the suspicion that police captain Grüninger allowed Jewish refugees to enter without a valid visa, he also falsifies documents and personally helps refugees to illegally cross the border into Switzerland.
_	Montenegro's first guvernadur was Djikan Vukotic, whose son Vukajle refused to be first guvernadur due to the suspicion that his father was poisoning Venetians because they were dissatisfied with his work.
_	Civil forfeiture is the process by which law enforcement agencies in the United States can take property from citizens, based on the suspicion that the property was used in a crime of some kind, without a criminal charge or conviction.
_	Zuroff expressed the suspicion that Ašner was pretending or exaggerating regarding his condition.
_	White female nurses from the north who were serving with the Red Cross reported the suspicion with which they were received at Cuba Libre by the chief surgeon, who questioned the need for his staff to be aided by female nurses, channeling the suspicion that women volunteering for intimate contact with male soldiers were "camp followers" (a euphemistic term for prostitutes who opportunistically followed armies).
_	The player goes to the secluded farmhouse with the suspicion that Harris was murdered.
_	On the same day, they were said to have been abducted again from a Baghdad hospital by another group of gunmen who beat them up and then turned them over to the U.S. military, who held them in harsh conditions for six days on the suspicion that they were filming insurgent attacks for Al Qaida.
