_	He had embraced the theory that atoms, instead of being fundamental units of matter (and therefore immutable), consist of yet smaller particles that, depending on their number (and other factors) comprise the different elements.
_	David Laidler has observed in a chapter on the theory that the origins lie in the ideas of Knut Wicksell.
_	For example, if it is noted that polio is more common in cities in underdeveloped countries, without a clean water supply, than in cities with a good plumbing system, we might advance the theory that polio is spread by the fecal-oral route.
_	According to archaeologist Béla Miklós Szőke, no source substantiates either the theory that Pribina was the head of an independent polity or the identification of Nitrava with Nitra.
_	Currently, the greater evidence supports the theory that the Catalina rattleless rattlesnake has evolved away from having a rattle because it has no need for a warning mechanism against predators.
_	In 1834 Story referred to the theory that assignments under bankrupt or insolvent laws were, and ought to be, of universal operation to transfer movable property, in whatever country it might be situate, and concluded that there was great wisdom in adopting the rule that an assignment in bankruptcy should operate as a complete and valid transfer of all his movable property abroad, as well as at home, and for a country to prefer an attaching domestic creditor to a foreign assignee or to foreign creditors could 'hardly be deemed consistent with the general comity of nations …
_	In practice, this translated to opposing minimum wage hikes on the theory that they would reduce employment.
_	When the minuscules (using lower case Greek letters) appeared, Junia was accented with a character which may indicate the feminine form of the name (though see below the theory that there was a masculine name accented on the second syllable).
_	They concluded "A brief observation of these four documents indicates that the education and word usage was consistent with the theory that all four documents were authored by one individual."
_	These include the theory that she was in fact guilty of the heresy for which she was condemned; that bones and other alleged relics come from her; that she escaped death at the stake and lived out her life in secret.
_	Khan also authored "Afghano ki nasli tarikh", which describes the origin of Afghans(Pashtuns) from Bani Israel, (that is, the theory that the Pashtuns are descended from the biblical Israelites).
_	In 1914, Werner first resolved the coordination complex, called hexol, into optical isomers, overthrowing the theory that only carbon compounds could possess chirality.
_	Another proposal which enjoyed some popularity during the Renaixença was "Pàtria llemosina" (Limousine Fatherland), proposed by Víctor Balaguer as a federation of Catalan-speaking provinces; both these coinages were based on the theory that Catalan is a dialect of Occitan.
_	Andrus is also credited with developing the theory that people who do not have money or anything to lose are predisposed to a greater extent to engage in criminal activity.
_	Bariso wrote that "the theory that homosexuality is a disorder is not novel but — like the notion that the earth is flat and the sun revolves around it — instead is outdated and refuted".
_	In 1908, the local Bristol antiquarian Alfred Hudd first proposed the theory that the word "America" had evolved from Amerike or ap Meryk.
_	While Hudd's speculation has found support from more than one 21st century author, who expanded Hudd's argument by speculations about the "Matthew", and with theories supposing a connection between the ap Meric coat of arms and the design of the Stars and Stripes, there is no hard proof to substantiate the theory that Cabot named America after Richard Ameryk.
_	Renan discredits the theory that race is the basis for the unification of people.
_	It can also often help to distinguish his style from that of other authors, and thus is a vital instrument in disproving for example the theory that Francis Bacon may be the author of "Shakespeare's" plays, since a statistical comparison between the fields of imagery in both authors shows revealing differences.
_	The observed motion of the lead on the roof of Bristol Cathedral, under changes of temperature, caused him to advance the theory that the motion of glaciers might be explained in the same way.
_	He was one of the first to advance the theory that Shakespeare had been a Catholic.
_	An explanation for this is the theory that migraines are a mitochondrial disorder, and that mitochondrial dysfunction can be improved with CoQ.
_	Recent scholarship has revived the theory that Paul used an amanuensis, or secretaries, in writing his letters (e.g. Rom 16:22), but possibly Luke for the pastorals
_	The "Hot Hand in Basketball" study questioned the theory that basketball players have "hot hands", which the paper defined as the claim that players are more likely to make a successful shot if their previous shot was successful.
_	Following the writings of suffragist Matilda Joslyn Gage and others, Margaret Murray, in her 1921 book "The Witch-Cult in Western Europe", proposed the theory that the witches of the early-modern period were remnants of a pagan cult and that the Christian Church had declared the god of the witches was in fact the Devil.
_	Recent DNA studies disprove the theory that he was a Barb, as his descendants' Y-DNA traces to the same general haplotype as the Darley Arabian, though to different sub-groups and there are relatively few male-line descendants of the Goldophin Arabian today.
_	Skeer had been suspected in the automobile theft, and when the robbery was reported, police began working on the theory that Skeer was involved.
_	Some modern scholars such as W. E. B. Du Bois, Chancellor Williams, Cheikh Anta Diop, John G. Jackson, Ivan van Sertima, Martin Bernal and Segun Magbagbeola have supported the theory that the Ancient Egyptian society was mostly Black.
_	The origins of the disease are uncertain, but researchers are investigating the theory that the fungus originated in Asia, where ash trees are immune to the disease.
_	Andrea Camilleri, the celebrated writer who created the detective figure Salvo Montalbano, has co-written with Giuseppe Dipasquale a comedy in Sicilian dialect "" (2009), based on Shakespeare's "Much Ado About Nothing", which plays mischievously on the theory that Shakespeare was of Sicilian origin.
_	Other dog experts have cited recent scientific research to challenge the theory that dog behavior is based on the model of the wolf pack, criticizing this as an over-simplification.
_	It may refuse to enforce the contract against the party unfairly treated on the theory that they were misled, lacked information, or signed under duress or misunderstanding; it may refuse to enforce the offending clause, or take other measures it deems necessary to have a fair outcome.
_	Alexandria's objections to Constantinople's promotion, which led to a constant struggle between the two sees in the first half of the 5th century, were supported, at least until the Fourth Council of Constantinople of 869–870, by Rome, which proposed the theory that the most important sees were the three Petrine ones, with Rome in first place.
_	In a book written by Inokentiy Gizel in 1674, where the theory that Moscow state was the heir of the Kievan Rus' was developed and elaborated for the first time.
_	In an author's note at the end of the novel, Pratchett ventures the theory that "down the ages some cruel and inventive people have had altogether too much time on their hands".
_	FISA explicitly covers "electronic surveillance for foreign intelligence information" performed within the United States, and there is no court decision supporting the theory that the president's constitutional authority allows him to override statutory law.
_	Kepping was the principal advocate of the theory that Tantric Buddhism was the state religion of the Tangut kingdom, and she suggested that tantric rites performed by the Emperor and Empress, as sacred personifications of the male and female principles, were central to the functioning of the state.
_	In his first book "Satisfaction: the science of finding true fulfillment", published in 2005, Berns challenges the theory that people are driven to pursue pleasure and avoid pain (see pleasure principle, for example).
_	Some philosophers used to contend that positivism was the theory that there is "no necessary connection" between law and morality; but influential contemporary positivists, including Joseph Raz, John Gardner, and Leslie Green, reject that view.
_	This philosophy was based on the writings of Inayat Khan, a Sufi master musician who espoused the theory that matter produces heat, light, and sound in the form of unique vibrations.
_	"El Corsario Cofresí: Héroe Puertorriqueño", by Josefina Barceló Jiménez and Midiam Astacio Méndez, reinterprets the theory that Cofresi could have been a privateer in a children-friendly manner.
_	The social and linguistical situation that made the pre-Slavic population is hard to reconstruct, especially if is accepted the theory that the autochthonous population was dominant at the time of arrival of the Slavs yet accepted the language and culture of Slavic newcomers who were in the minority.
_	In 1855 he published "Écriture Anarienne", advancing the theory that the language spoken originally in Assyria was Turanian (related to Turkish and Mongolian), rather than Aryan or Semitic in origin, and that its speakers had invented the cuneiform writing system.
_	These examples support the theory that pain is essential for life, more specifically, survival.
_	Milgrom dismissed as without support the theory that the firstborn was originally offered as a sacrifice.
_	Specialists have pointed out that "Tōhoku Kaidan no Tabi" includes many Sekien-created yōkai that have not originated from folklore, leading to the theory that this "abura-name akago" was also created based on Sekien's abura-akago.
_	He exhibited berserk behaviour, and this, together with the description of his large and unattractive head, has led to the theory that he might have suffered from Paget's disease, which causes a thickening of the bones and may lead eventually to blindness.
_	A front page article in "The New York Times" examining the theory that clouds might offset the effects of increased greenhouse gasses found that his analysis in a 2011 article in "Geophysical Research Letters" "offered some evidence that clouds will exacerbate the long-term planetary warning" Following the publication of the "New York Times" article "Dessler became a target of climate science critics" and was interviewed on the PBS show "Frontline" for the episode "Climate of Doubt" which explored "the massive shift in public opinion on climate change."
_	The fragment further provides a piece of the puzzle in the settlement history of Great Britain, adding weight to the theory that the region was recolonised from the current continent after a period of 100,000 years without human presence.
_	It started being used between 510 BC-640 AD, which led to the theory that the Obsidian Butte could only be used as a source of obsidian once it was no longer covered by Lake Cahuilla.
_	Path dependence to some sociologists is the theory that events that happened in past, have some or a lot of influence on events that happen in the future.
_	More recent modelling supports the theory that the grooves are signs of deformation caused by tidal forces.
_	In advancing the theory that the Sun is a variable star Eddy observed: "It has long been thought that the Sun is a constant star of regular and repeatable behavior.
_	They operated under the theory that if the ship picked up contraband on the high seas and delivered it on the high seas they would not violate any national laws except perhaps that of its flag country, Colombia.
_	Some members of G/GPUSA resisted efforts to organize Green parties at the state level, on the theory that state bureaucracy was inimical to the organic and democratic nature of autonomous Green locals.
_	Some have suggested that between 1688 and 1815 Britain and France were 'natural enemies' and the period has become known as the Second Hundred Years' War, but the 17 years spent as allies has been used to challenge the theory that the two states were implacable enemies.
_	This adds weight to the theory that peoples migrated across a land bridge from Siberia to North America.
_	However, there is opposition to the theory that theirs was a Nakh language.
_	In 1997 when The Yomiuri Shimbun interviewed two novelists, the first—Mariko Koike—proffered the theory that "the feeling of nervous tension provoked by being in a sacred place in which knowledge is collected sets off peristaltic movement", while the second—Jiro Asada—indicated a belief that "the mental pressure in response to printed words is the cause".
_	Thomas Caramagno and others, in discussing her illness, warn against the "neurotic-genius" way of looking at mental illness, which rationalises the theory that creativity is somehow born of mental illness.
_	During the Hellenistic age, there was a medical school; however, the theory that this school was founded by Hippocrates (see below) during the Classical age is an unwarranted extrapolation.
_	They propose the theory that humor evolved because it strengthens the ability of the brain to find mistakes in active belief structures, that is, to detect mistaken reasoning.
_	They were to be fixed on hay ricks, corn stacks and shearing sheds on the theory that they would indicate to arsonists that the owner was insured and would not be out of pocket should the property be destroyed by fire.
_	Throughout the 1920s and 1930s he wrote dozens of books and articles in support of the theory that, under the system of "socialist legality", political considerations and not criminal ones should play the decisive role in deciding questions of guilt, innocence and punishment.
_	They operate under the theory that a gamer will pay for additional in-game features after investing enough time in the game.
_	Some scholars considered Swadesh as a supporter of monogenesis, the theory that all languages have a common origin: "Swadesh sought to show that all the world's languages are related in one large family" (Ruhlen 1994:215).
_	The Bulgarian Thracologist Vladimir Georgiev helped develop the theory that the Romanian language has a Daco-Moesian language as its substrate, a language that had a number of features which distinguished it from the Thracian language spoken further south, across the Haemus range.
_	Evidence recovered from the aircraft wreckage appeared to support the theory that Al-Batouti had purposely crashed the airliner whilst repeating Islamic prayers.
_	This phrase can also mean "I "entrust" myself unto God," hinting that he knew he was facing death, giving credence to the theory that he deliberately crashed his airplane.
_	Isaac Newton demonstrated that white light was composed of the light of all the colours of the rainbow, which a glass prism could separate into the full spectrum of colours, rejecting the theory that the colours were produced by a modification of white light.
_	The fraternal birth order effect is the name given to the theory that the more older brothers a man has, the greater the probability is that he will have a homosexual orientation.
_	His Arabic nickname "Abu Mansur" reinforces the theory that he has frequented Middle East radical Islamists.
_	Michalo supports the theory that the Lithuanian nation was founded by the legendary dynasty of the Palemonids, in the times of the Late Roman Empire, and he proposes introducing Latin as the Grand Duchy's official language, thereby restoring forgotten ancestral traditions.
_	Representatives of the Soviet Union advanced the theory that the plane had been intentionally diverted by a false navigational beacon signal, using a technology provided by military intelligence operatives of the South African government.
_	In August 2012, the CFSL DNA scientist BK Mahapatra claimed that he had found male DNA on Aarushi's pillow, leading credence to the theory that Hemraj was present in her room.
_	According to the theory that knowledge is justified true belief, to know that a given proposition is true, one must not only believe the relevant true proposition, but also have a good reason for doing so.
_	Attorney's office prosecuted Simpson for the killings of Goldman and Simpson's ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, based on the theory that Simpson, who had had a history of domestic violence with her, had acted in a fit of rage upon realizing that she was not going to return to him.
_	F. W. Dupee, in several volumes on the James family, originated the theory that he had been in love with his cousin Mary ("Minnie")
_	This supports the theory that they were strong runners, hence the alternate name, cursorial.
_	Chinese scholars tend to favour the theory that the rulers came from the aforementioned Bai or Yi groups, while some non-Chinese scholars ascribed to the theory that the Thai ethnic group was a major component, that later moved south into modern-day Thailand.
_	The name Broken Sky stems from a myth which postulates the theory that, many years ago, Kirin Taq and the Dominions existed on the same physical plane; effectively being a single world.
_	Alastair Bonnett has stated that a strong "current of scientific research supports the theory that Europeans were but one expression of a wider racial group (termed sometimes Caucasian)," a group that, Bonnett notes, would include not only Europeans, but also South Asians, North Africans, and even Northeast Africans such as Ethiopians.
_	The play appears to be based on the theory that anything will do provided it be neatly done."
_	The weak visibility of the postulated plume in tomographic images of the lower mantle and the geochemical evidence for eclogite in the mantle source have led to the theory that Iceland is not underlain by a mantle plume at all, but that the volcanism there results from processes related to plate tectonics and is restricted to the upper mantle.
_	At first, the "SCTV" cast, writers, and producers resisted special guests, on the theory that famous people wouldn't just "drop into" the Melonville studios, but they soon discovered that by working these guests into different shows-within-shows they could keep the premise going while also giving guest stars something more to do than show up and sing a song.
_	Institutional racism is the theory that aspects of the structure, pervasive attitudes, and established institutions of society disadvantage some racial groups, although not by an overtly discriminatory mechanism.
_	Circular scuff marks on the soles support the theory that they were the ones Garland had on when she clicked her heels together.
_	She bases her conclusion on the theory that, in the Gospel of John, the apostle Thomas is portrayed as a disciple of little faith who cannot believe without seeing and, that the Gospel of John places an emphasis on Divine Jesus Christ as the center of belief, which Pagels views as a hallmark of early orthodoxy.
_	Chamberlain was an early supporter of Hanns Hörbiger's "Welteislehre", the theory that most bodies in our solar system are covered with ice.
_	Due to the lack of exponatory text, it is unclear what kind of yōkai all of these were depicting, but there is the theory that they are the incarnations of fire that are the result of the deceased who were not given a memorial and thus wandered the present world as spirits and over time changed in appearance into what is depicted.
_	For example, the 1933 publication "The Mass Psychology of Fascism" by Wilhelm Reich argued the theory that fascists came to power in Germany as a result of sexual repression.
_	The professionalization of American firefighting was largely a result of three factors: the steam fire engines, the fire insurance companies, that demanded the municipalization of firefighting, and the theory that suggested payment of wages would naturally result in improved service.
_	However, archaeological work has since validated the theory that the "oppidum" in question was at Puy d'Issolud, Vayrac.
_	The prehistory of Vanuatu is obscure; archaeological evidence supports the theory that people speaking Austronesian languages first came to the islands about 3,300 years ago.
_	This provided direct experimental support for the second point of the "soup" theory, and it is around the remaining two points of the theory that much of the debate now centres.
_	The discovery of the Higgs boson was a milestone in the long-standing effort to complete the Standard Model of Particle Physics, the theory that describes the laws governing most of the known Universe.
_	The song is fairly popular in the English Midlands, particularly in Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire, Southern Yorkshire and Northamptonshire, which lends credence to the theory that the Nottamun in the song is a corruption of Nottingham.
_	The term 'negative utilitarianism' is used by some authors to denote the theory that reducing negative well-being is the "only" thing that ultimately matters morally.
_	There are some studies that contradict the theory that sex is an effective tool for improving finances and gathering attention.
_	David Booth carried out work that contradicted the theory that dual centres of the hypothalamus control eating, the lateral hypothalamus for hunger and the ventromedial hypothalamus for satiety and began to replace it with a theory of the control of food choice and intake through learnt connections distributed around the brain.
_	At Nigeria's first national AIDS conference in October 1987 Aminu said the theory that AIDS originated in Africa is a stalking horse for anti-black racism, due to a mentality that attributes everything that is bad and negative to the so-called dark continent.
_	The team arrived at the theory that the chamber was probably used by Tutankhamun's family embalmers, some time about 1337–1334 BC.
_	The Court concluded, "This is a regulatory measure in the interest of the public safety, which may well be premised on the theory that one would hardly be surprised to learn that possession of hand grenades is not an innocent act."
_	The closeness of the dates could hardly be more eloquently on behalf of the theory that there was, indeed, a conspiracy, and that it had Portuguese support.
_	She published "Strange parallel: Zebulun--The Netherlands, a tribe of Israel", a book expounding the theory that the Dutch were one of the "Ten Lost Tribes" (Artisan Sales, 1994).
_	He was a strong proponent of the use of Swedish in Finland, and subsequently established the theory that the Swedish-speaking population constituted a separate nationality.
_	The discovery of the seal proved the theory that pre-colonial Filipinos, or at least in coastal areas, used seals on paper.
_	In later stories this origin story is abandoned in favor of the theory that Jerom was born in prehistoric times.
_	While it is the most phenotypically distinctive bird on Socorro, it also has the strongest ecological change from its ancestors; therefore its distinctiveness is not informative except supporting the theory that it is one of the older Socorro endemics.
_	The second school of thought advocates the theory that sIBM is a degenerative disorder related to aging of the muscle fibers and that abnormal, potentially pathogenic protein accumulations in myofibrils play a key causative role in sIBM (apparently before the immune system comes into play).
_	Lionel Groulx called the Canadian Confederation of 1867 a failure and espoused the theory that French Canada's only hope for survival was to bolster a French State and a Roman Catholic Quebec as the means to emancipate the nation and a bulwark against English power.
_	While both Debian and gNewSense rigorously exclude non-free software and binary blobs from their official releases, Debian maintains and hosts unofficial repositories of non-free software and firmware binaries, and Debian free software sometimes depends upon or suggests the optional installation of proprietary software, under the theory that users' own informed discretion about the use of such software should be paramount, as expressed in Clause 5 of the Debian Social Contract (though Debian's democratic project management has seen this stance become a source of recurrent controversy).
_	Instrumentality is the theory that through divine inspiration the Holy Scripture has two authors.
_	The theory was then taken up by Abraham Eliyahu Harkavi in 1869, when he also claimed a possible link between the Khazars and Ashkenazi, but the theory that Khazar converts formed a major proportion of Ashkenazi was first proposed to a Western public in a lecture by Ernest Renan in 1883.
_	In 1932, Samuel Krauss ventured the theory that the biblical Ashkenaz referred to northern Asia Minor, and identified it with the Khazars, a position immediately disputed by Jacob Mann.
_	This was based on the theory that the fielder need never take his eyes off the ball and, if it were to bounce out of his hands, he would have time to attempt to grab the rebound.
_	One such continuity confirmed the theory that the reformers were already a distinct group before the reforms occurred.
_	Superintendent Joan Connolly told The Boston Globe that "there's good research to support the theory that kids learn better in smaller school settings."
_	However she disagreed with the theory that agriculture was the main reason for the Phoenician colonisation of Portugal as propoposed by Carlos González Wagner and Jaime Alvar Ezquerra.
_	Founding his research station in Oskaloosa, Kansas in 1947, his field observations expanded into the theory that social settings influence behavior.
_	Kaisan is known to have lived between 730 and 750 CE which lends further evidence to the theory that Caliph Al-Walid II commissioned the construction.
_	Consistent with the widespread implementation of defensible space guidelines in the 1970s, most implementations of CPTED are based solely upon the theory that the proper design and effective use of the built environment can reduce crime, reduce the fear of crime, and improve the quality of life.
_	It has also been speculated that Oz was named after the abbreviation for ounce, in the theory that Oz is an allegory for the populist struggle against the illusion (the wizard) of the gold standard.
_	In 2007, research by the University of Central Lancashire suggested that the Napoleon complex (described in terms of the theory that shorter men are more aggressive to dominate those who are taller than they are) is likely to be a myth.
_	He developed a keen interest in prehistoric cave art and advanced the theory that these artists made their drawings from sketches of dead beasts.
_	In the film, Cox also put forth the theory that Spungen and Vicious had a suicide pact, but they got into an argument when Vicious reneged.
_	This first "Post" article was the first public mention of the theory that the lead levels were tied to chloramine.
_	The association of Clovis complex technology with late Pleistocene faunal remains led to the theory that it marked the arrival of big game hunters that migrated out of Beringia then dispersed throughout the Americas, otherwise known as the Clovis First theory.
_	Kennedy has been a long-time advocate of the theory that Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford, was the person actually responsible for writing the works of William Shakespeare.
_	There is also the theory that they appear above the sea taking on the appearance of a zatō (a kind of member of the build persons' guild such as the tōdōza or a ranking of members of related groups such the Anma, moxibustion practitions, and members of the biwa hōshi, among other organizations) to frighten people.
_	The on-site casting supports the theory that Bronze was first introduced in Southeast Asia as fully developed which therefore shows that Bronze was actually innovated from a different country.
_	Several other early studies have argued against the theory that the production of toxin has anything to deal with stress or catabolite repression of either toxin TcdA or TcdB.
_	On the theory that a picture is worth 1000 words, the viewer is invited to compare the referenced pages to understand what framing is and why it annoys proprietors of framed pages.
_	Some have alleged that he died after being struck by lightning, but others prefer the theory that he died of a stroke as the emperor was quite obese.
_	That is based on the theory that the abdominal and back muscles are constantly engaged and active to maintain proper posture and balance on the ball.
_	A study by evolutionary biologist Steven Mithen puts out the theory that there was no edge wear because the handaxes weren't used as axes, but as "sexual lures," ways the nearby males would attract females.
_	This form of Ogham inspired the theory that Ogham was first invented as a means of musical notation.
_	However, in Crete, it is common for monasteries to be named after the monk that founded the building, which lends support to the theory that Arkadi may have been founded by a monk named Arkadios.
_	In a "Salon" interview she discussed the evolution of human gender roles, including the theory that risk-taking behavior in men evolved through sexual selection.
_	Both Irish and Irish Australian historians, including Patrick O'Farrell, Marcus De Búrca, Chris McConville, B. W. O'Dwyer and Richard Davis, have supported the theory that the two games have some common origins.
_	He was an early champion of the theory that the Americas were first populated by migration across the Bering Strait.
_	A document dating to the early 16th century attributes this canvas painting to Leonbruno, but recent scholarship has disregarded this document and has adopted the theory that Leonbruno did not produce this work.
_	When flies trained to avoid deuterated odorants were exposed to the nitrile and its non-nitrile counterpart, the flies also avoided the nitrile, consistent with the theory that fly olfaction detects molecular vibrations.
_	However, supporting evidence for the theory that language had its own anatomical representation was not found until the case study of Mr. Leborgne, also known as Tan, by Paul Broca in 1861.
_	The dating of Cassianus to the reign of emperor Philip the Arab (244-9) has given rise to the theory that a legion VI Hispana was founded under the Severan dynasty (193-235), or even later, and was destroyed during the Empire's Third Century Crisis, possibly at the Battle of Abrittus (251), where an entire Roman army was annihilated.
_	We have never found any evidence to support the theory that there are ghosts.
_	Historian Roderick Barman suggests that Paula had meningitis; however scholar Mick Isle introduces the theory that Paula had malaria.
_	The investigators put forth the theory that the swastika moved westward from India to Finland, Scandinavia, the British Highlands and other parts of Europe.
_	The name Pop Will Eat Itself was taken from an "NME" feature on the band Jamie Wednesday, written by David Quantick, which proposed the theory that because popular music simply recycles good ideas continuously, the perfect pop song could be written by [combining] the best of those ideas into one track.
_	Kishore Kunal argues that there is no historical evidence to support the theory that Saketa was renamed as "Ayodhya" by Skandagupta.
_	Study of a tooth plate of a fossil of the extinct fish "Romundina stellina" showed that the teeth and scales were made of the same tissues, also found in mammal teeth, lending support to the theory that teeth evolved as a modification of scales.
_	This suggests that they were laid out to a geometric plan and challenges the theory that the positions were astronomically determined.
_	It was through his experiments that Galen was able to overturn many long-held beliefs, such as the theory that the arteries contained air which carried it to all parts of the body from the heart and the lungs.
_	While it generally remains controversial, evidence does exist that supports the theory that at least some tyrannosaurids were social.
_	Widely accepted is the theory that Emmet's remains were transferred to St Peter's Church in Aungier St. under cover of the burial of Robert's sister, Mary Anne Holmes, in 1804.
_	The format of the code also appeared to follow the quatrain format of the "Rubaiyat, "supporting the theory that the code was a one-time pad encryption algorithm.
_	Eugene Chevreul was a scientist who put forth the theory that colors appear most intensely when placed next to their complements, coining this theory the "law of simultaneous contrast".
_	Recently, in "Voss v. Tranquillino" the New Jersey courts held that a drunk driver can sue a bar or restaurant under the "Dram Shop Act" and prevail under the theory that:
_	Collectively, all of the hubs provide evidence for the theory that there are areas within the brain where emotional, sensory, and motor information all converge in one area.
_	The restorer studied and scientifically anaylsed the work, finding a remarkable quality of painting and under-drawing beneath the surface, including a preparatory drawing which supports the theory that the work is by Raphael himself.
_	Apart from homophobic comments by the party such as the theory that gay men lack manliness, their calling German Minister Guido Westerwelle "Madam" because of his being openly gay.
_	This suggestion that dyscalculia is caused by a deficits in a core deficit in number sense is analogous to the theory that dyslexia is due to a core deficit in phonological processing.
_	He proposed the theory that Miles was actually killed by a bullet from a gun other than Craig's sawn-off .455 revolver.
_	the theory that the universe began roughly 13 billion years ago.
_	The filing also confirmed the theory that Atari had given up on the Jaguar in late 1995, and in the subsequent months were concerned chiefly with liquidating its inventory of Jaguar products.
_	This supports the theory that the prenatal testosterone surge is crucial for gender identity development.
_	Ruben has questioned for many years the theory that birds descend from small carnivorous dinosaurs of suborder Theropoda.
_	This led to the theory that there were several eukaryotic protein kinases present required for secondary metabolism.
_	Dharmapāla developed the theory that the external things do not exist and consciousness only exists.
_	This is undoubtedly a feature of the theory that many sociologists find troubling and unattractive because of the tradition developed in American sociology in the twentieth century of focusing theory and research on one's own society during a limited time period (i.e., American society in the 20th century) or a handful of societies (e.g., modern industrial societies) during an equally limited span of time.
_	Some recent designs by Van Doren, Bari, and Saxgourmet reflect the theory that the mass of metal over the shank of the mouthpiece, which contacts the neck cork, stabilizes the connection and enhances the integrity of the harmonic series.
_	In the late 19th century the Spanish writer García de la Riega proposed the theory that Christopher Columbus had a Galician origin.
_	Meiselman's 2013 book, "Torah, Chazal and Science", promotes the theory that all unqualified scientific statements of the Talmudic sages were divinely inspired and are therefore immutable: "All of Chazal’s (the Talmudic sages') definitive statements are to be taken as absolute fact [even] outside the realm of halakhah (Jewish law)".
_	Both the fact that she was able to fight hand-to-hand with Necrolai and the fact that she is implied to have lost strength lends credit to the theory that she is a vampire, however there is the possibility that she is a Dhampir (half-human, half-vampire), which can fully explain her abilities and human appearance.
_	Lenin, the leader of the Bolsheviks, had developed the theory that a Communist Party should serve as the "vanguard of the proletariat", ruling in their name and interest, but, like Marx, had not developed a detailed economic or political program.
_	The archaeologist Charles C. Di Peso advanced the theory that Casas Grandes was a backwater until about 1200 CE when pochteca (traders) from the Aztec empire or other Mesoamerican states to the south turned it into a major trading center.
_	In 1316 it was mentioned as "new castle", which confirms the theory that it was built in place of a destroyed castle.
_	Perhaps because Ishme-Dagan reached out to Yasmah-Adad supports the theory that he was known among his family for his expertise in medicine.
_	Brunel applied the experimental evidence of Beaufoy and further developed the theory that the amount a ship could carry increased as the cube of its dimensions, whereas the amount of resistance a ship experienced from the water as it travelled only increased by a square of its dimensions.
_	There was also the theory that she might have hit a mine off the Orkney Islands.
_	Those who oppose the theory that he was Samuel's grandson and believe he was merely a local Bulgarian claim that he was proclaimed as tsar in Belgrade not because it was the first border town between the Byzantine Empire and Hungary that he reached when he joined them as a prince of royal blood, but merely because it was the first important town that the rebels captured.
_	In 1907, Élie Metchnikoff, deputy director at the Pasteur Institute, propounded the theory that lactic acid bacteria are beneficial to human health.
_	Political lesbianism embraces the theory that sexual orientation is a political and feminist choice, and advocates lesbianism as a positive alternative to heterosexuality for women as part of the struggle against sexism.
_	The historian Hans Rosenberg and later the representatives of the Bielefeld School supported the theory that the end of the process which would have led to a constitution in Prussia was one of the reasons for the end to its democratisation and for the "Sonderweg".
_	Marcel Pagnol concludes the first part of his investigation with the theory that ""Roux […] admitted under torture that the leader of the plot was the twin brother of Louis XIV, who should have reigned instead of him, and that this prince, thus deprived of his rights, pretended to be his valet Martin.""
_	The rules are based on the theory that Maimonides explains in his book "Rabbinical Astronomy" – no allowance is made for the secular (centennial) decrease of ½ second in the length of the mean tropical year and the increase of about four yards in the distance between the earth and the moon resulting from tidal friction because astronomy was not sufficiently developed in the 12th century (when Maimonides wrote his book) to detect this.
_	Agrest has been said to be the first scientist to advance the theory that Earth had been visited in pre-historic times by intelligent beings from outer space.
_	Beyond that, there is now strong evidence to support the theory that the development of frailty involves declines in energy production, energy utilization and repair systems in the body, resulting in declines in the function of many different physiological systems.
_	Sisler taught Robinson to anticipate a fastball, on the theory that it is easier to subsequently adjust to a slower curveball.
_	Serbian historiography supports the theory that Skanderbeg's great-grandfather Branilo was a nobleman from Zeta who was granted possession of Kaninë after taking part in Emperor Stefan Dušan's conquests.
_	Thomas Appell's 1993 book "Can You Sing a HIGH C Without Straining?" aimed to refute the theory that all singers switch registers at the same absolute pitch.
_	In 1907, he married Blanche Hardy In 1908, he published "Lebensweisheit" ("The Wisdom of Life"), a slim volume about eudaemonism, the theory that happiness is the highest ethical pursuit.
_	In principle this question could be decided by a QCD calculation, since QCD is the theory that fully describes the strong interaction.
_	According to Journalist McLean, "the theory that the GSEs are to blame for the crisis" is a "canard", that "has been thoroughly discredited, again and again."
_	Each institution could do this on the theory that at best, a lame duck Congress or administration had neither the time nor the mandate to tackle problems, whereas the incoming administration or Congress would have both the time, and a fresh electoral mandate, to examine and address the problems that the nation faced.
_	Both factors point to the theory that claustrophobia is a prepared phobia that is already pre-programmed into the mind of a human being.
_	In 1819, Ohio passed a law that put a tax on the Bank of the United States on the theory that taxing a bank would allow the state government to receive and distribute the scarce money.
_	In this work, Roosevelt challenged the theory that the pre-Columbian Amazon was a "counterfeit paradise" unable to sustain increasingly complex human culture.
_	The classification of "Kinkonychelys" into this group has helped to support the theory that the island of Madagascar and the subcontinent India were connected to each other prior to the end of the late Cretaceous period.
_	Archaeologists have not found an associated village for the site, which supports the theory that the site was ceremonial in nature and that its builders lived elsewhere.
_	A study of six autopsies of six patients who died from moyamoya disease lead to the finding that there is evidence that supports the theory that there is a thickening, or proliferation, of the innermost layer of the vessels affected by moyamoya.
_	Experimental evidence supports the theory that Langerhans cells (part of the human immune system) in foreskin may be a source of entry for the HIV virus.
_	After Lenin's death in January 1924, the Communist Party of the Soviet Union—then increasingly under the control of Joseph Stalin—rejected the theory that socialism could not be built solely in the Soviet Union in favour of the concept of "socialism in one country".
_	This may have led to the belief that the whole book was written in a very short time (see Legend), but scientists are starting to investigate the theory that it took over 20 years to complete.
_	This lends credence to the theory that the makers of the device intend to make use of the Arc, something that is defined by being unique to that universe.
_	Given a complete "n"-type "p" one can ask if there is a model of the theory that omits "p", in other words there is no "n"-tuple in the model that realizes "p".
_	Earth sends out a ship, the "Star Victory" with a better version of the new drive in a bid to beat them there, on the theory that any aliens they encounter might make the mistake of thinking of them as normal humans.
_	For example, in 1955, he gave the world's first proof of the “Marxian fundamental theorem”, as it was later named by Michio Morishima, which is the theory that the exploitation of surplus labor is the necessary condition for the existence of positive profit.
_	Dating to between 375 BC and 350 BC, it was found with another large vase in a tomb in the Santa Maria necropolis in Capua in southern Italy, giving rise to the theory that it had been buried with a former pilgrim to Eleusis.
_	Officials arrested Matthew and Grace the following day and subsequently charged them with murdering Gloria, on the theory that the couple must have had some nefarious purpose (perhaps organ harvesting) for adopting Gloria in the first place, as she was black and therefore could not (they argued) really have been wanted by the Huangs.
_	Moreover, as the state noted, the legislature could rationally act on the theory that heterosexual singles, even if they never marry, are better positioned than homosexual individuals to provide adopted children with education and guidance relative to their sexual development throughout pubescence and adolescence."
_	Brown's colleague, Representative Camille Bennett, a Democrat from Lonoke, called for a reworking of the legislation on the theory that the bill would establish a "type of religious litmus test" which could impact nearly any law under consideration by the legislature.
_	Tires do not usually vary in width a great deal due to the theory that a narrow tire has the least rolling resistance (for dry courses) and that it will also cut through mud to the harder ground underneath (for wet/muddy courses).
_	Serbian historiography accept the theory that Karađorđe's ancestors came from Vasojevići.
_	Published information about Nancy's mother being Lucy Shipley and her father being James Hanks is contrary to the theory that Nancy was illegitimate and that Lucy was born into the Hanks family, as was published by William E. Barton in the "Life of Abraham Lincoln" and Michael Burkhimer in "100 Essential Lincoln Books".
_	In the 19th century, the antiquarian Giorgio Grognet de Vassé published a short compendium detailing the theory that Malta was the location of Atlantis.
_	It was speculated that the plaintiff would choose to file either in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia (where Congress is physically located), or in a district that is politically hostile to Obama, on the theory that a lawsuit brought on behalf of the House could be brought where any House member lives.
_	I don’t subscribe to the theory that it was some kind of business feud.
_	Later studies revealed that "Water Margin" contained lines in the Jiangsu and Zhejiang variety of Chinese, and that "You Gui Ji" (幽闺记), a work of Shi Hui, bore some resemblance to "Water Margin", hence the theory that "Water Margin" was authored by Shi Hui.
_	Logicism is one of the schools of thought in the philosophy of mathematics, putting forth the theory that mathematics is an extension of logic and therefore some or all mathematics is reducible to logic.
_	But also on the theory that there must be a balance between the pay out to satisfy shareholders for them to continue to invest in the company.
_	This favors the theory that the turbulent post-crisis conditions of the early Triassic created a selective partiality towards rapid, young development to a near-mature size in a shorter time.
_	When addressing the theory that magnocellular deficits play a potential role in dyslexia, Skottun and Skoyles argue that it may be more of an overall temporal processing deficit, not just a magnocelluar deficit.
_	Ultimately, they conclude that further research is needed to back the theory that phantom contours and surface characteristics are caused by the magnocelluar and parvocellular systems, respectively, and, therefore, it would be wise not to limit one’s research of phantom contours and surface characteristics exclusively to the analysis of how the magno- and parvocellular systems function.
_	Jorgenson explained ""That was some kind of marketing deal, done on the theory that the audience could recall three of us easier than six guys.
_	The difference between the spelling of the scientific name and the common name (the fish was named after Andreas Fleming Stewart Sandager, a lighthouse keeper in New Zealand who collected the first specimen) led to a proposal in 1927 to change the specific epithet to ""sandageri"" on the theory that the original description constituted a misspelling.
_	Gamow advocated the theory that all elements were residual from the big bang, also allowing for slight changes in the ratios of hydrogen and helium.
_	Both the photometric and the spectroscopic observations are consistent with the theory that superflares are different only in scale from solar flares, and can be accounted for by the release of magnetic energy in active regions very much larger than those on the Sun.
_	This is based on the theory that the characteristically curved premaxilla of "Captorhinus" may have been used to catch prey.
_	The opposite can be seen in rabbits that live in hotter climates, mainly because they possess longer ears that have a larger surface area that help with dispersion of heat as well as the theory that sound does not travel well in more arid air, opposed to cooler air.
_	In the U.S. a paralegal is protected under the theory that paralegals are working as an enhancement of an attorney and what he or she does is due to instruction by the attorney and the attorney is ultimately responsible.
_	In September 1978, Lane visited Jonestown, spoke to Jonestown residents, provided support for the theory that intelligence agencies conspired against Jonestown and drew parallels between Martin Luther King and Jim Jones.
_	He attributed the theory that it refers to a "queen bee" to a Hebrew University scholar named Shunary, and added his own speculation that "Liyahhona" might be translated "To God is the guidance."
_	In May 2010, King announced he had information not yet made public and wanted to try Watson for capital murder, asserting jurisdiction based on the theory that the alleged crime was planned in Alabama.
_	Not all authors agree with either the dating or the theory that the Louvre painting was the earlier, was sold, and the London painting done as a substitute.
_	In 1907 Reader Harris wrote his book "The Lost Tribes of Israel", which expressed his belief in the theory that the Anglo-Saxons are descended from the Ten Lost Tribes:
_	They had not been approached by Dominy, on the theory that they had relinquished any claim to the land by moving away.
_	Embourgeoisement is the theory that posits the migration of individuals into the bourgeoisie as a result of their own efforts or collective action, such as that taken by unions in the US and elsewhere in the 1930s to the 1960s that established middle class status for factory workers and others that would not have been considered middle class by their employments, allowing increasing numbers of what might traditionally be classified as working-class people to assume the lifestyle and individualistic values of the so-called middle classes and hence reject commitment to collective social and economic goals.
_	Goulder was also associated with the theory that the evangelists were highly creative authors, and that Matthew and Luke had only minimal source material.
_	This supports the theory that we will be able to continually create biological or synthetic replacement parts to replace damaged or dying ones.
_	Camelpox was chosen for two main reasons: the theory that the local population would be largely immune, and its relation to Smallpox.
_	Likewise, the theory that Cogidubnus was created "legatus", a rank only ever given to senators, is based on reconstructing the damaged Chichester inscription to read as "Cogidubni regis legati Augusti in Britannia" ("king and imperial legate in Britain").
_	Dendreon has explored approaches to obtaining tumour-specific antigen targets under the theory that the immune system may be able to mount a more effective response than is otherwise possible against tumor associated antigens.
_	However, many facts pointed to the theory that the initiative-less Tandefelt was supported by, if not a full conspiracy, then at least radical political actors, mostly Finland-Swedish Civil Guard activists, who encouraged Tandefelt to kill Ritavuori by giving him the murder weapon and some money.
_	If the theory that he has his origins in Sigebert I is correct, than the earliest part of the tradition would be his murder as the result of a feud between two women, in real life between his wife Brunhild of Austrasia and Fredegund, in the saga then between his wife Kriemhild/Gudrun and Brünhild/Brynhild.
_	In a controversial move, Odum, together with Richard Pinkerton (at the time physicist at the University of Florida), was motivated by Alfred J. Lotka's articles on the energetics of evolution, and subsequently proposed the theory that natural systems tend to operate at an efficiency that produces the maximum power output, not the maximum efficiency.
_	Perhaps more likely is the theory that because Iapetus has an unusually large
_	It is narrated by Maria herself, from her point of view, as if from beyond the grave, detailing the events from the Korps' wedding to the beginning of Joe's affair, and its consequences, postulating the theory that her husband was involved in her murder.
_	It describes the theory that the cognitive development of babies occurs in predictable jumps.
_	He was the main proponent of the theory that there existed a vast undiscovered continent in the South Pacific, Terra Australis Incognita.
_	This supports the theory that within global precedence, global advantage and global interference rely on two separate mechanisms.
_	A trial began in 1973 and, in 1976, the chancellor found that the black defendants were jointly and severally liable to the plaintiffs based on three separate theories: (1) for a tort of malicious interference with the plaintiff's business; (2) for violation of a Mississippi statute banning secondary boycotts on the theory that the defendants' primary dispute was with the governing authorities of Port Gibson and Claiborne County, and not with the white merchants at whom the boycott was directed; and (3) the court found a violation of Mississippi's antitrust statute, on the ground that the boycott had diverted black patronage from the white merchants to black merchants and to other merchants located out of Claiborne County, and thus had unreasonably limited competition between black and white merchants that had traditionally existed.
_	The frog pond effect is the theory that individuals evaluate themselves as worse when in a group of higher performing individuals.
_	Beginning in 1948, with John Dover Wilson, many scholars have tended to favour the theory that Shakespeare and Peele collaborated in some way.
_	In "Womenomics", Shipman and Kay explore the theory that trends in the current business world have allowed women to leverage their value in order to redefine success.
_	Most geologists now accept the theory that the older rocks at the center of the uplift are a result of this deep seated igneous activity.
_	During the trial, presided over by Justice Edward Then, the prosecution put forward the theory that Forcillo had over-reacted and "lost his cool" in his decision to fire at Yatim.
_	Studies that add response-independent (i.e., free) reinforcement to one stimulus context strongly support the theory that changes in response strength are determined by stimulus–reinforcer relations and are independent of response–reinforcer relations.
_	Unable to return to Egypt due to the First World War, she focused her research on the witch-cult hypothesis, the theory that the witch trials of Early Modern Christendom were an attempt to extinguish a surviving pre-Christian, pagan religion devoted to a Horned God.
_	These findings agree well with Barker's hypothesis; it supports the theory that maternal under-nutrition leads to a lower birth weight due to restricted intrauterine development and ultimately leads to higher risks of chronic conditions in adult life.
_	A study of thirteen-month-old children supported the theory that males and females typically prefer toys typed to their gender, but instead found females showing more variance instead of males.
_	In recent years, he worked with his students and colleagues to develop a "two-fluid model of town traffic," a description of vehicular traffic on urban road networks, an extension of the theory that he formulated with Prigogine some years before.
_	Initially the actors wore costumes and makeup on the theory that this would enhance performances, but the practice was soon discarded as unneeded.
_	Among other research, he has promulgated the Theory of Deadly Initials and the theory that infants resemble their fathers more closely than they do their mothers.
_	Some archaeologists believe that only high status Chamorros lived in structures built on latte stones, while others have put forward the theory that all Chamorros in the Latte Period lived in latte structures, and that the height and number of the stones in the structure indicated social status.
_	Recently, the theory that temnospondyls were the ancestors of all lissamphibians has gained wide support.
_	When John backs the theory that it was Brady who hit him with the poker, Kristen makes it her ultimate mission to prove Theresa's guilt.
_	Masonic influence over Bazhenov's life and art led to him being called "the Russian Christopher Wren" and the theory that he was a long-term agent of martinists tasked with winning Paul's support.
_	The police concentrate their effort on the theory that her murder was a botched attempt on Craven's life by a criminal he had been responsible for convicting.
_	Controversy over the article led to the coining of the term "Jensenism" defined as the theory that IQ is largely determined by genes, including racial heritage.
_	The reflexive structure of the novel, in which neither Kinbote nor Shade can really have the last word, together with apparent allusions to Kinbote's story in the poem, allow critics to argue various theories of authorship for "Pale Fire" as a whole, including the theory that Shade invented Kinbote and wrote the commentary himself, and the contrasting theory that Kinbote invented Shade.
_	One of subsequent effects of this video is the usage of the term "Makedonoidi" as a pejorative slang-term of choice for zealous supporters of the theory that today's ethnic Macedonians have ethnically, linguistically, historically preserved the culture of Ancient Macedonians, which were, according to them, not Greeks (see "Antiquization" for more).
_	There is also the theory that satori are based on the yamabiko found in the Konjaku Gazu Zoku Hyakki and the Hyakkai Zukan and other collections, but according to the folklorist Kunio Yanagita, from his work "Yokai Dangi," the folklore that satori would read people's minds, and the legend that yamabiko would imitate people's voices have the same origin.
_	In "The 16 Strivings for God" Reiss develops the theory that people embrace religion because it provides them with opportunities to satisfy all 16 basic desires both in strong form and in weak form.
_	During the trial, the prosecution put forward the theory that drugs and money was the prime motivation for the murders.
_	Clonus, with respect to the presence of a central oscillator, functions on the theory that when the central oscillator is turned on by a peripheral event, it will continue to rhythmically excite motor neurons; therefore creating clonus.
_	He was instrumental in producing scholarly work on the theory that the verses of the Quran are interconnected in such a way that each surah, or chapter, of the Qu'ran forms a coherent structure, having its own central theme, which he called "umood".
_	The fact that some people affected with this disease have circulating antinuclear antibodies in their serum supports the theory that Parry–Romberg syndrome may be an autoimmune disease, specifically a variant of localized scleroderma.
_	However, in this scenario the borrower would prevail under the theory that he must be telling the truth, as if he were interested in lying to the court, he could have simply said that the loan never happened.
_	However, the theory that was created by him later in 1906 was incorrect and not self-consistent, and the Lorentz transformation was absent within his theory as well.
_	The recent measurement of deuterium amounts of 161 atoms D per million hydrogen in Comet 103P/Hartley (a former Kuiper belt object), a ratio almost exactly that in Earth's oceans, emphasizes the theory that Earth's surface water may be largely comet-derived.
_	If the theory that language could have evolved as a single adaptation is accepted, the question becomes which of its many functions has been the basis of adaptation.
_	The most prominent of these is the theory that Dhul-Qarnayn was Cyrus the Great, the founder of the Persian Empire.
_	His views were often seen as undermining a Romanian national identity, mainly because of his expressing doubts on the scientific accuracy of most historic research done in Romania since the unification of 1918, and putting forward controversial hypotheses concerning the origin of the Romanians, such as advancing the theory that the vast majority of the nobility in the medieval states that made up the territory of modern-day Romania was of Cuman origin.
_	His first story outline was sent into "Star Trek" after his agent suggested that he waited until the shows started to air under the theory that the show might drop an existing episode in favor of a better script.
_	Consequently, it is sometimes said that promotion to the rank of able seaman means the recipient has lost their 'best excuse', on the theory that ordinary seamen are generally assumed to know nothing.
_	This provides a strong backing to the theory that equivalence relations can form without language.
_	Several different studies have been done that have led to the formation of the theory that post-fire development can be propagated by any of four pathways: self replacement, species-dominance relay, species replacement, or gap-phase self replacement.
_	Based on this and combining it with the theory that in words that commence with μ- (m-) plus vowel plus -λ- (-l-) produce another type where the μ- transforms into β- (v-) and the vowel drops off (μολώσκω > βλώσκω (come) and μάλαξ (!, curseword) > βλαξ (stupid)) and having as base that the word μέλας (black (male nominative), μέλανος in the genitive) is the root, as is also demonstrated by the Latvian word melns/melna (black male/female), it is theorised that:
_	These experiments stemmed from the theory that ball lightning is actually oxidized silicon vapors "(see vaporized silicon hypothesis, below)".
_	In the legend called the "Furudanuki Kinchō Giyuu Chinsetsuseki" (古狸金長義勇珍説席), there was a scene of rock-throwing, and since rock-throwing was a military technique of the Middle Ages, there's the theory that the tale of the battle between tanuki was based on a battle between Shugendō practitioners on Mount Tairyūji and Mount Tsurugi.
_	The goddess was played by the artist's son Titus van Rijn, which has led to the theory that he based it on Titus' appearance in the parade.
_	Other astrologers have focused on the theory that in time, all twelve signs of the zodiac will each have their own ruler, so that another two planets have yet to be discovered; namely the "true" rulers of Taurus and Virgo.
_	Some proponents of the theory that she was under the influence of illicit drugs are not dissuaded by their absence from the toxicology screen, suggesting that they might have broken down during the period of time her body decomposed in the tank, or that she might have taken rare cocktails of such drugs that a normal screen would not detect.
_	There is some opposition to the theory that Ireland's wealth has been unusually unevenly distributed, among them economist and journalist David McWilliams.
_	The next day, while meeting in Cassie's family's barn, the team decides to morph mosquitoes with the theory that they can acquire
_	On the theory that properly targeted ads and messaging will fetch more consumer interest, publishers can charge a premium for behaviorally targeted ads and marketers can achieve
_	The work seeks to explode the theory that the Indian mathematical genius was predominantly algebraic and computational and that it eschewed proofs and rationales.
_	Dutton and Aron argued that this supported the theory that the men were mis-attributing the arousal caused by fear to sexual attraction toward the woman.
_	The book is based on the theory that "Erilaz" refers to the Heruli, a Germanic tribe which Procopius reported had returned to Scandinavia.
_	If so, or if the KV 55 mummy is that of his close relative, Smenkhkare, its measurements tend to support the theory that Akhenaten's depictions exaggerate his actual appearance.
_	They repeated the theory that "Kursk" collided with a NATO submarine shadowing the exercise.
_	These discoveries demonstrated the theory that Monte Pallano was a fortified hill-top settlement site, as well as a political and religious centre in the Samnite period.
_	Bunefer's titles as a priestess of Shepseskaf have led to the theory that Bunefer may have been a wife or daughter of Shepseskaf.
_	Tadao Oda's 1967 thesis gave a connection between Dieudonné modules and the first de Rham cohomology of abelian varieties, and at about the same time, Alexander Grothendieck suggested that there should be a crystalline version of the theory that could be used to analyze "p"-divisible groups.
_	Floyd—who subscribes to the theory that "cui non risere parentes" is what Virgil wrote—proposed that line 62 refers to a boy whose parents will smile, only "after due consideration", meaning that the child must earn its parents' smiles.
_	Both directors were also supporters of E.M.W. Tillyard's 1944 book "Shakespeare's History Plays", which was still a hugely influential text in Shakespearean scholarship, especially in terms of its argument that the tetralogy advanced the Tudor myth or "Elizabethan World Picture"; the theory that Henry VII was a divinely appointed redeemer, sent to rescue England from a century of bloodshed and chaos initiated upon the usurpation and murder of the divinely ordained Richard II, a century which reached its debased and cruel apotheosis in Richard III.
_	According to Gupta, the theory that Lomas Rishi would not have received Ashoka's inscription because it was in a state of incompleteness, is undermined by the fact that the cave of Vivaskarma, another cave of Barabar, although it is not finished, was nevertheless consecrated by Ashoka.
_	He states that while there is no way to prove that the sun will rise, it is possible to formulate the theory that every day the sun will rise; if it does not rise on some particular day, the theory will be falsified and will have to be replaced by a different one.
_	All of these ideas support the theory that THE1 is part of the cell's response to pathogenic activity.
_	In mathematics and logic, plural quantification is the theory that an individual variable x may take on "plural", as well as singular, values.
_	In 2006, Yang advanced the theory that, under heavy regulation, various religions are divided into three "markets": a "red market" of recognized religions, including the five officially approved religions of Buddhism, Daoism, Islam, Catholicism, and Protestant Christianity, a "gray market" of unrecognized and legally undefined religions, including folk religions and others, and a "black market" of illegal religions, including what the Chinese government has called "xiejiao" (evil cults).
_	This difference in toxicity between nonpolar and polar narcotics supports the theory that two separate mechanisms of action exist for the different modes of narcosis.
_	Messner upholds the theory that sexuality is, "a constructed identity, a performance, and an institution".
_	Purva Mimamsa and Advaita adhere to the theory that the opening statement trumps the conclusion and base their assumptions accordingly.
_	It was the first multicellular myxozoan identified and its vermiform shape initially gave strong support to the theory that the enigmatic group belongs among the Bilateria.
_	In his book, "Christianizing Homer: The Odyssey , Plato, and the Acts of Andrew," Dennis MacDonald posits the theory that the non-canonical Acts of Andrew was a Christian retelling of Homer's Odyssey.
_	The counties advanced the theory that later treaties between the Oneidas and the United States, which ceded different lands to New York, constituted a ratification of the earlier conveyances (and thus those conveyances were in compliance with the Nonintercourse Act).
_	Stone carvings in the East of Scotland support the theory that the harp was present in Pictish Scotland well before the 9th century and may have been the original ancestor of the modern European harp and even formed the basis for Scottish pibroch, the folk bagpipe tradition.
_	He performed experiments on a number of hull fragments and definitively disproved the theory that the steel used to construct the hull of the Titanic was inferior and brittle.
_	The writer firmly believes in the theory that interest on capital invested should be charged to the proper expense accounts before ascertaining the actual profit from manufacturing or trading.<br>
_	A different location, further northeast on the Basin, head of the Northwest Branch of the Patapsco River, was chosen after the landowner John Moale objected to the project on the theory that he had located important iron ore deposits there that he intended to eventually mine and exploit.
_	In this way, many of the onibi would be explained, but there also remain many testimonies that do not match with the theory that of illumination from phosphorus.
_	Political lesbianism embraces the theory that sexual orientation is a choice, and advocates lesbianism as a positive alternative to heterosexuality for women.
_	According to Rachel Bromwich, several parallels can be drawn between the character of Brangaine in French Arthurian romance and that of Branwen in medieval Welsh legend, lending credence to the theory that the former is ultimately based on the latter.
_	Sundquist posits the theory that Thjodolf from Kvine composed his works in the 900s and based them on an extant tradition.
_	In relation to this discrepancy in the frequency of Lucretius's reference to the apparent subject of his poem, Kannengiesse advances the theory that Lucretius wrote the first version of "De rerum natura" for the reader at large, and subsequently revised in order to write it for Memmius.
_	The feminist side of the argument, however, suggests that there is no rationalization for treating animal lives with lesser reverence than human lives, even if the theory that animals are less capable of pain is verifiable.
_	Phonemic Intelligence is based on the theory that sounds (phonemes) can change one's intelligence.
_	His depictions of terrorism in books such as "The Holcroft Covenant" and "The Matarese Circle" reflected the theory that terrorists, rather than being merely isolated bands of ideologically motivated extremists, are actually pawns of governments or private organizations who are using them to facilitate the establishment of authoritarian rule.
_	The culmination of all of these findings results in strong support of the theory that there is a short-term store that phonologically stores recently learned items.
_	He formulated the theory that many vocal problems were really hearing problems.
_	John Crichton's childhood friend who, along with Crichton, formulated the theory that was being tested by the Farscape project.
_	Some publishers have avoided copy-protecting their products, on the theory that the resulting inconvenience to their users outweighs any benefit of frustrating "casual copying".
_	When Søren Kierkegaard, as his character "Johannes Climacus", ends his writings: "My thesis was, subjectivity, heartfelt is the truth", he does not advocate for subjectivism in its extreme form (the theory that something is true simply because one believes it to be so), but rather that the objective approach to matters of personal truth cannot shed any light upon that which is most essential to a person's life.
_	Considering it from all aspects, the Commission was not inclined to give serious credence to the theory that dis–proportionately large number of Muslim deaths in December 1992 was necessarily indicative of an attempt on the part of the police to target and liquidate Muslims because of bias.
_	Emotional blackmail is a term coined by psychotherapist Susan Forward, about controlling people in relationships and the theory that fear, obligation and guilt (FOG) are the transactional dynamics at play between the controller and the person being controlled.
_	Chapman used complex orbital computer models and extensive wind tunnel tests to support the theory that the so-called Australasian tektites originated from the Rosse ejecta ray of Tycho.
_	It concluded that "our analysis supports the theory that the Book of Mormon was written by multiple, nineteenth-century authors, and more specifically, we find strong support for the Spalding–Rigdon theory of authorship.
_	Greg Potter of "The Vancouver Sun" believed it "sums up Bono's lyrical direction and mindset better than any song on the album... alluding to the theory that true contentment must begin from within."
_	The mathematician and physicist Alexander Friedmann pioneered the theory that universe was expanding governed by a set of equations he developed now known as the Friedmann equations.
_	In it Menasseh argued, and for the first time tried to give learned support in European thought and printing, to the theory that the native inhabitants of America at the time of the European discovery were actually descendants of the [lost] Ten Tribes of Israel.
_	In his book "The Plagues of Egypt: Archaeology, History, and Science Look at the Bible", Siro Igino Trevisanato explores the theory that the plagues were initially caused by the Santorini eruption in Greece.
_	On the theory that Brandon might have drowned, boats from the state's Department of Natural Resources were deployed along the river, and gates were installed.
_	Al-Biruni also referred to Al-Sijzi as a prominent astronomer who defended the theory that the earth rotates in "al-Qānūn al-Masʿūdī".
_	The New York Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of the statute and rendered summary judgment for Manhattan Teleprompter, finding that non-crossover installations constituted a taking for which just compensation is due, but here the law served a legitimate public purpose there is no significant economic impact on expectations of investors, rejecting the theory that physical presence is "per se" a taking.
_	Other Nakh roots throughout the Republic of Armenia, Naxcivan, and Western (Turkish) Armenia have been found, although the Nakh nature of some of these places has been disputed with other assertions put forward (for example, the Nakh root of "Nakhichevan" as nakh+che+bun is rivaled by the theory that the place name comes from Armenian roots meaning "first landing" in reference to the legend of Noah).
_	Functionalism is “the theory that various social institutions and processes in society exists to serve some important (or necessary) function to keep society running.”
_	Relationism is the theory that there are only relations between individual entities, and no intrinsic
_	Lachs supports the theory that the verse does not actually refer to trumpets, but instead to the alms-boxes, known as sophar chests.
_	This supports the theory that atopic dermatitis development is influenced by both genetic predisposition and environment.
_	The first argument was voided by revisions of the theory that described dipole oscillations due to London forces and possibly due to magnetic and/or nuclear spin cloud formations.
_	French investigators later discounted the theory that militant Islamists were behind the cyber-attack, instead suspecting the involvement of Fancy Bear.
_	Bernhard Huss presented the theory that the Symposium acts as an apology, a defense, of Socrates.
_	Aitareya Upanishad discusses three philosophical themes: first, that the world and man is the creation of the Atman (Soul, Universal Self); second, the theory that the "Atman" undergoes threefold birth; third, that Consciousness is the essence of "Atman".
_	Louis believed in the Divine Right of Kings, the theory that the King was crowned by God and accountable to him alone.
_	Based on the theory that the lower courts are creations not of the Constitution but of Congress, and that Congress therefore has wide power in defining and restricting their jurisdiction, the act forbids issuance of injunctions to sustain anti-union contracts of employment, to prevent ceasing or refusing to perform any work or remain in any relation of employment, or to restrain acts generally constituting component parts of strikes, boycotts, and picketing.
_	The US federal government intervened, obtaining an injunction against the strike on the theory that the strikers had obstructed the US Mail, carried on Pullman cars, by refusing to show up for work.
_	She is known as Richenza of Swabia, based on the theory that she was a daughter of Duke Otto II of Swabia.
_	Bill Patterson includes "To Sail Beyond the Sunset", on the theory that the discrepancies between it and the rest of the "Future History" are explained by assigning it to the same "bundle of related timelines" in the World as Myth multiverse.
_	According to this view (called "computationalism", a variety of functionalism), the future theory explaining how the brain picks out its referents (the theory that cognitive neuroscience may eventually arrive at) will be a purely computational one (Pylyshyn 1984).
_	Professor Akhil Amar credits Story with the theory that Congress may not concurrently remove the jurisdiction of inferior courts and the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court over certain categories of claims, as doing so would violate the Constitution's mandatory grant of jurisdiction over such claims to the judiciary "as a whole."
_	Similar ornaments (some made from shells of "Nassarius kraussianus" and the bittersweet clam "Glycymeris nummaria" as well as from "Nassarius gibbosulus") have been discovered at a number of Middle Paleolithic sites, and are considered a key piece of evidence for the theory that early anatomically modern humans in Africa and the Levant were more culturally sophisticated than had previously been thought.
_	He was acquitted however, on the theory that his actions did not tend either directly or immediately towards the death of the victim.
_	The three of them took their theory on the road during the 1970s in a series of lectures that later developed into the 1982 book, "The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail", which became a best-seller and popularised the theory that Jesus had fathered a still extant and powerful bloodline (the true Holy Grail), and was all tied together by a fake secret society known as the Priory of Sion.
_	In 2008, American entrepreneur and inventor Tim Jenison developed the theory that Vermeer had used a camera obscura along with a "comparator mirror", which is similar in concept to a camera lucida but much simpler and makes it easy to match color values.
_	Von Hippel's research strongly supports the theory that customers or users themselves are the source of much innovation.
_	The purpose of plumicorns is not fully understood, but the theory that they serve as a visual cue in territorial and socio-sexual interactions with other owls is generally accepted.
_	When another actor on the series, Mayim Bialik, who plays Amy and has a Ph.D. in Neuroscience, was interviewed by Neil deGrasse Tyson on "StarTalk", she said of the theory that Sheldon has Asperger's: "All of our characters are in theory on the neuropsychiatric spectrum, I would say.
_	This means that there is a new sector of the theory that is responsible for the breaking.
_	More MCAK molecules collectively bind to the curved region supporting the theory that they do not actively peel away the microtubule but they wait patiently for it to adopt this curved conformation.
_	Records of "sungnyung" can be found in the late Joseon era documents of "Imwon Gyeongjeji" (임원경제지) and also in the 12th-century Chinese Song Dynasty's "Gyerim Yusa" (hangul:계림유사, hanja:鷄林類事) which supports the theory that "sungnyung" has been eaten since the Goryeo period.
_	Professor Flew, a former atheist, later argued that recent research into the origins of life supports the theory that some form of intelligence was involved.
_	This has led to the theory that the play as we know it from the Folio was an adaptation for indoor performance at the Blackfriars Theatre (which was operated by the King's Men from 1608) – and even speculation that it represents a specific performance before King James.
_	Ross T. Christensen has propounded the theory that the Mulekites in the Book of Mormon were "largely Phoenician in their ethnic origin."
_	Such widely divergent interpretations arise from the theory that a moral revival of the country must take place to re-establish itself, saving it from decadence; yet whether this revival must occur by means of the middle and upper classes or of the proletariat is a point in question.
_	Euhemerism is defined in modern academic literature as the theory that myths are distorted accounts of real historical events.
_	In ethics the term is used, like indeterminism, to denote the theory that mental change cannot always be ascribed to previously ascertained psychological states, and that volition is not causally related to the motives involved.
_	Genotropism consists of the theory that genes influence human behavior.
_	So striking are the differences between the different periods of the Ellery Queen character that Julian Symons advanced the theory that there were two "Ellery Queens"—an older and younger brother.
_	People have claimed refunds based on the theory that the U.S. federal government maintains secret accounts for U.S. citizens and that taxpayers can gain access to the accounts by issuing 1099-OID forms to the IRS.
_	He obtained his doctorate in the early 1960s with a thesis on the wildebeest of the Ngorongoro Crater, in which he advanced the theory that the females' estrus was triggered by the rumbling 'love call' of the males.
_	Autobiographical readings of the poem have also been used to support the theory that Virginia and Poe never consummated their marriage, as "Annabel Lee" was a "maiden".
_	A third argument against the theory that Snefru completed Huni's project is newer evaluations of Snefru's time on the throne.
_	Sophie Dainty from Digital Spy said that this supported the theory that Holly would be returning to the show, following the release of a picture showing a new addition to the portrait at the Kennedy family's house.
_	In a 2001 paper by Noyes, evidence was presented for predictions made by the theory that were later confirmed.
_	Congress then came to adopt the theory that the migratory birds, being in most cases mere travelers across states, were not local residents nor state property, but belonged to the people at large; and if they were to be saved to the people the national authority must intervene.
_	Bernal rejects the theory that Greek civilization was founded by Indo-European settlers from Central Europe; that theory (which Bernal calls "the Aryan model") became generally accepted during the 19th century.
_	In 2000, after considering the evidence set forth by William B. Brahms in his books "Images of America: Franklin Township" (1997) and "Franklin Township, Somerset County, NJ: A History", and "The Case for William Franklin and The Case for Benjamin Franklin", the Township Council chose the theory that the township was indeed named for Benjamin Franklin.
_	According to the toponym of Zumaia, the theory that the name comes from "zuma" or "zume", a Basque word used to designate to the wicker, plant that apparently was plentiful in the zone, is highly defended.
_	Many Taiwanese independence supporters, including former President Lee Teng-Hui, argued that Taiwan should declare independence before 2008 on the theory that international pressure over the Beijing Olympics would prevent the PRC from using force against Taiwan.
_	Pierre Bayle has advanced the theory that Poullain may have refuted his own thesis because he felt threatened, but the arguments antifeminists advanced are doubtful of this refutation.
_	The Court rejected the patentee's attempt to distinguish "Motion Picture Patents" on the theory that the dry ice was a claimed element of the patented combination while earlier tie-in cases involved supplies that were not part of the patented invention.
_	It was promoted by Jim Miekka, who gave up on the theory that it portended a stock market crash in 2010.
_	Swynford was a follower of John of Gaunt, and the date of his death easily disposes of the theory that the Esses were devised by Henry IV to stand for his motto or "word" of Soverayne.
_	Scholars who have argued in favor of the theory that the Soga had peninsular ancestry include Teiji Kadowaki and William Wayne Farris.
_	While the theory that the Soviet leadership was indeed planning to strike Germany in 1941 remains disputed, Meltyukhov's data has been used by authors who do not support the Soviet assault plans thesis mentioned above.
_	The Romans worshipped several gods and demi-gods who had been human, and knew the theory that all the gods had originated as human beings, yet Republican traditions "(mos maiorum)" were staunchly conservative and anti-monarchic.
_	Wedderburn rejects the theory that denies the historicity of the disciples, Conzelmann considers the upper room meeting a historical event Luke knew from tradition, and Hengel considers ‘the Field of Blood’ to be an authentic historical name.
_	The lipstick effect is the theory that when facing an economic crisis consumers will be more willing to buy less costly luxury goods.
_	Baer has long been a supporter of the theory that the PFLP-GC brought down Pan Am Flight 103.
_	Later he began to promote the theory that Iran was behind the bombing.
_	This may be explained by the theory that Asian arowanas ("S. formosus") diverged from the Australian "Scleropages", "S. jardinii" and "S. leichardti", about 140 Mya, making it likely that Asian arowanas were carried to Asia on the Indian subcontinent.
_	A majority of the Supreme Court, 5 to 4, held that full time professors in a university were excluded from collective bargaining rights, on the theory that they exercised ‘managerial’ discretion in academic matters.
_	He studied the theory that epileptic seizures were the result of increased blood flow to the brain.
_	Maynard Smith warned Collins that he could not support his efforts to pursue a rival theory to the theory that natural selection drives evolution.
_	She proposed that penalties for littering be lowered on the theory that law-enforcement officers would be more willing to issue tickets for violations.
_	In 2011, investigating the theory that Lewis was murdered, The History Channel's Brad Meltzer interviewed Hugh Berryman as a blunt force trauma expert.
_	Vladimir Ćorović supported the theory that he was the center of a plot of a certain circle of people around late Prince-Bishop Vasilije, whose aim was to start a large revolt against the Ottomans in Montenegro.
_	Together with researchers from Istanbul University, Braidwood worked at a site in southern Turkey called Çayönü, and provided extensive and significance evidence for the theory that between 8,000 and 12,000 years ago there was a shift from a hunter-gatherer to an agricultural society in southern Turkey.
_	In November 1999, a further investigation – this time by the U.S. Inspector General – released a report on its findings, stating there was no evidence to support the theory that Trentadue had been murdered, or that there had been a cover-up.
_	Some philosophers used to contend that positivism was the theory that there is "no necessary connection" between law and morality; but influential contemporary positivists, including Joseph Raz, John Gardner, and Leslie Green, reject that view.
_	In 2007, his team at the University of Auckland proved that the brain can repair itself by generating new cells, debunking the theory that, once fully formed, the human brain could only degenerate.
_	But a friend convinced him to come out of hiding, on the theory that the Germans were harsher to people who were found hiding.
_	A different study, conducted by Freeman (2003) on a national level, cast doubt onto the theory that public housing units have an independent effect on the concentration of poverty.
_	His fascination with these people came from his interest in the theory that social scientists can better study the history of their own civilization by studying cultures in earlier states of development, "primitive men".
_	He became convinced there was a connection, in part because cattle in Britain had been given unusually high doses of OPs; and in part because the theory that BSE was spread by contaminated meat and bone meal (MBM) did not, he argued, explain why the disease was not occurring in countries that had imported the same MBM from the UK.
_	Fodor pioneered the theory that poltergeists are external manifestations of conflicts within the subconscious mind rather than autonomous entities with minds of their own.
_	"Warlords" advances the theory that the Anglo-Saxon invasion of England was a takeover by a warrior elite.
_	This, along with the coincidence of active areas with areas responsible for memory have led to the theory that sleep might have some memory consolidation functions.
_	This result was expected and strongly supports the theory that SINEs have evolved to co-opt the RNA-binding proteins, endonucleases, and reverse-transcriptases coded by LINEs.
_	It is based on the theory that capitalism is a world-system, and therefore the working classes of all nations must act in concert if they are to replace it with communism.
_	U.S. Magistrate Judge Morton Denlow wrote a 136-page opinion and concluded: "Park made up the theory that the bracelet works like acupuncture or Eastern medicine.
_	White defended the theory of polygeny by refuting French naturalist Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon's interfertility argument—the theory that only the same species can interbreed—pointing to species hybrids such as foxes, wolves and jackals, which were separate groups that were still able to interbreed.
_	R. C. Childers, who held to the theory that Pali was Old Magadhi, wrote: "Had Gautama never preached, it is unlikely that Magadhese would have been distinguished from the many other vernaculars of Hindustan, except perhaps by an inherent grace and strength which make it a sort of Tuscan among the Prakrits."
_	However, Central Greece is still defined by Helladic pottery, showing little Minoan influence at all, which supports the theory that Minoan influence on ceramics traveled gradually from south to north.
_	The gap in the provenance of "The Fountain of Indolence" between 1834 and 1882 lends credence to the theory that it is identical with "The Fountain of Fallacy", a painting which Turner exhibited at the British Institution in 1839, accompanied by four lines from his own poem entitled "Fallacies of Hope".
_	The title is an anthropological concept referring both to the theory that the human species originated in Africa, and that the majority of culture, power, political muscle and arms can now be seen to come from America.
_	Before colonization of the asteroids became an attractive possibility, a main interest in them was theories as to their origin – specifically, the theory that the asteroids are remnants of an exploded planet.
_	This military strategy was built on the theory that the three fortresses would thwart any invasion attempt by sea.
_	This essay is in part an attempt to clarify procedural issues relevant to what is sometimes called the "Christ-myth" or "Non-historicity" thesis—an argumentative approach to the New Testament based on the theory that the historical Jesus of Nazareth did not exist...
_	She links this to Matthew 28, where the author of Matthew tries to rebut the theory that Jesus' body was stolen.
_	Bariso wrote that "the theory that homosexuality is a disorder is not novel but — like the notion that the earth is flat and the sun revolves around it — instead is outdated and refuted".
_	Upon this flimsy evidence is also based the theory that the "verses written at the departure of his friend W. S. when he went to dwell in London" included in Yates's volume refer to Shakespeare.
_	Toledo further justified the reducciones under the theory that they would protect natives from “being exploited by local landowners and miners, harassed by the colonial judicial system, and deceived by a false religion.”
_	Jose, history professor from the University of the Philippines, has questioned the theory that treasure from mainland Southeast Asia was transported to the Philippines:
_	There's the theory that in the countryside in the past, unrefined materials like fish oil were used, so when cats licked the lamps, they might have looked like an abura-akago (baby licking an oil lamp).
_	Though it is not known who wrote the accompanying sonnets, the theory that Vivaldi wrote them is supported by the fact that each sonnet is broken into three sections, each neatly corresponding to a movement in the concerto.
_	"The long rows of graves of the pygmy race at Coshocton were regularly arranged with heads to the west, a circumstance which has given rise to the theory that these people were sun-worshippers, facing the daily approach of the sun god over the eastern hills.
_	Evidence supports the theory that Catalans settled in Catalan Bay giving rise to the above etymological definition.
_	One of the goals of current research in string theory is to find a solution of the theory that reproduces the observed spectrum of elementary particles, with a small cosmological constant, containing dark matter and a plausible mechanism for cosmic inflation.
_	Sitzman rejected the theory that one or more shots came from behind the 5-foot (1.5 m) high stockade fence atop the knoll:
_	This behaviour may be slightly based on the theory that a similar anurognathid pterosaur, "Jeholopterus", was a hematophagous creature, like the modern vampire bat.
_	Sampling evidence supports the theory that Mound A was originally part of a group (including mounds B, C, D, E, and F) surrounding the western plaza possibly as early as the Bayland phase (but more likely the Aden phase), and certainly established by the Kings Crossing phase.
_	Under the theory that federal law passed pursuant to Constitutional authority overrules conflicting state laws, federal authorities still claim the authority to seize, arrest, and prosecute for possession and sales of these substances, even in states where they are legal under state law.
_	Acting on the premise that the law is a seamless web, Hercules is required to construct the theory that best fits and justifies the law as a whole (law as integrity) in order to decide any particular case.
_	The lack of detailed ground wrestling in the medieval wrestling treatises supports the theory that in both competition and combat the throw was more important than extended ground wrestling.
_	The mosaics also show the range of artistic expertise and refute the theory that mosaic technique during the time was based on copying from model books.
_	C. C. Macknight (1986) an authority on the centuries-old interaction between indigenous Australians and the people of Makassar (later part of Indonesia), revived the theory that smallpox was introduced to Australia by Macassan mariners visiting Arnhem Land.
_	Galician anthropologists had formed the theory that the Mouros are the opposite character of traditional galician peasant.
_	Popper considered historicism to be the theory that history develops inexorably and necessarily according to knowable general laws towards a determinate end.
_	A former fellow officer of Lapin's was among the suspects in Politkovskaya's murder, on the theory that the motive might have been revenge for her part in Lapin's conviction.
_	Evolving in the 1980s, not only were a few specific types of bacteria identified as playing a part in disease, differences in virulences of bacteria were then considered as part of the theory that the overall entirety of the microflora could lead to caries disease.
_	A major theme of the book is six degrees of separation, the theory that people are linked by a surprisingly small number of connections.
_	There is some support for the theory that RVVC results from an especially intense inflammatory reaction to colonization.
_	It is also used to dismiss out of hand United States criticism on the Chinese government's human rights record, on the theory that the West is simply attempting to undermine the Chinese people's respect for the Communist Party.
_	The end of the Iron Age extends into the very early Roman Empire under the theory that Romanisation required some time to take effect.
_	Astronomer Chryssa Kouveliotou of the Universities Space Research Association (USRA) at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center decided to test the theory that soft gamma repeaters were magnetars.
_	"There is no evidence to support the theory that the ancestors of Polish Jewry were Jews who came from the Crimean Jewish kingdom of Khazaria", describing Koestler as the "best-known advocate" of the theory.
_	The Categorization-Elaboration-Model integrates the two approaches on diversity and proposes the theory that the information/decision making and social categorization processes interact.
_	Thus he is the only renowned Western Indologist whose research supports the claim of the proponents of the theory that the Vedas are to be dated back much earlier than the first half of the second millennium B.C. According to mainstream Indology, the Indo-Aryan Migration took place during this period of time and the Vedas were only composed after the migration.
_	In the paper, Thomson supported the theory that heat was a form of motion but admitted that he had been influenced only by the thought of Sir Humphry Davy and the experiments of Joule and Julius Robert von Mayer, maintaining that experimental demonstration of the conversion of heat into work was still outstanding.
_	In a concurrence in "Missouri v. Jenkins" (1995), he wrote that the Missouri District Court "has read our cases to support the theory that black students suffer an unspecified psychological harm from segregation that retards their mental and educational development.
_	During a plague, mice can comprise up to 100% of the diet of a feral cat, lending support to the theory that feral cats were the primary cause of their extinction.
_	The holographic multiverse is derived from the theory that the surface area of a space can simulate the volume of the region.
_	In 2002, Canada upheld the Kyoto Protocol, a nationwide pledge to help maintain and reduce greenhouse gas based on the theory that society has caused global warming.
_	After a certain amount of time the couple exits the box and rejoins the hosts on stage, where they answer questions about themselves and their sex life, based on the theory that the couple will be more likely to be more open and honest in their answers after having intercourse.
_	Due to the problematic divergences present in quantum field theory at that time, Heisenberg was motivated to isolate the essential features of the theory that would not be affected by future changes as the theory developed.
_	Joint and several liability is premised on the theory that the defendants are in the best position to apportion damages amongst themselves.
_	In contrast, Andrea Carandini, an archaeologist who has spent most of his career excavating central Rome, advanced the theory that Romulus was a historical figure who indeed founded the city in c. 753 BC, as related by the ancient chroniclers, by ploughing a symbolic sacred furrow to define the city's boundary.
_	This was the first area English-speakers came to in the Norman invasion of Ireland, supporting the theory that the dialect evolved from the Middle English introduced in that period.
_	Krylenko was an exponent of socialist legality and the theory that political considerations, rather than criminal guilt or innocence, should guide the application of punishment.
_	The Beauty Myth, a term coined by author Naomi Wolf, is used to describe the theory that beauty itself is a socially constructed value.
_	Interpreted as a theory of species survival, the theory that the fittest species survive is undermined by evidence that while direct competition is observed between individuals, populations and species, there is little evidence that competition has been the driving force in the evolution of large groups such as, for example, amphibians, reptiles, and mammals.
_	This is claimed to be the longest human lineage ever to be traced, and supports the theory that the Britons were descended from ancient hunter-gatherers who later turned to agriculture, rather than a from more recent wave of immigrant farmers.
_	This includes the activation synthesis theory—the theory that dreams result from brain stem activation during REM sleep; the continual activation theory—the theory that dreaming is a result of activation and synthesis but dreams and REM sleep are controlled by different structures in the brain; and dreams as excitations of long term memory—a theory which claims that long term memory excitations are prevalent during waking hours as well but are usually controlled and become apparent only during sleep.
_	In "Pym", Johnson's protagonist named a course on Poe he was teaching in reference to Toni Morrison's 1992 collection of essays "Playing in the Dark: Whiteness and the Literary Imagination", in which she explores the theory that for Poe, whiteness equaled perfection.
_	It is said that, while in exile, he continued to wait placidly, fishing in a tributary of the Wei River (near today’s Xi'an) using a barbless hook or even no hook at all, on the theory that the fish would come to him of their own volition when they were ready.
_	In his "Contemplation de la nature" (Amsterdam, 1764–1765; translated into Italian, German, English and Dutch), one of his most popular and delightful works, he sets forth, in eloquent language, the theory that all the beings in nature form a gradual scale rising from lowest to highest, without any break in its continuity.
_	Experiments have shown similar results in other animals, including primates, supporting the theory that masticatory stress during childhood affects jaw development.
_	This theory is opposed to the theory that such bipedalism arose from a more generalized arboreal ape ancestor.
_	This is seen by writers Christopher Knight and Robert Lomas as being compelling evidence for the theory that Sinclair had sailed to America, although scholars have said the plants are simply stylised depictions of common European plants.
_	While its appearance in Washington begins to affect Mulder’s mental health, leading him to turn to Agent Fowley for help; a disturbed Scully—determined to disprove the theory that life on Earth began with aliens—heads to New Mexico and finds a dying Albert Hosteen—who has discovered that the rock includes passages from the Bible, and a map of the human genome.
_	Among other works, Taylor and Lavagnino chose to print the entire texts of William Shakespeare's plays "Macbeth" and "Measure for Measure", on the theory that Middleton revised both of these plays after their original composition.
_	It is built around the theory that people buy products and services to get jobs done.
_	The name Maonas is perhaps derived from Maoghnes or the Norman name de Meones, after the de Meones family who settled in Dublin about 1280; Elrington Ball states that the earlier version of the name was "Meonesrath", which supports the theory that it was named after the family.
_	These observations were used to advance the theory that the self-immolators were actors.
_	One resolution for the conflicting assignments is the theory that the play was acted by a combination of personnel from the Paul's and Chapel companies as well as from the troupe of boy actors maintained in the 1580s by the Earl of Oxford.
_	Morphologically the American gourd resembles the African gourds more than the Asian gourds, which was previously used as support for the theory that the American variety is derived from a wild African gourd that floated across the ocean.
_	According to yōkai literature published after the Showa and Heisei eras, there are the theories that if you steal the umbrella from him and wear it, one would not be able to take it off, and the theory that they make it shower and delight at seeing people get troubled.
_	If this birth date is accurate, it would mean that Kenneth is over 200 years old (it is also worth noting that, while he is buried, the closing scene reveals that Kenneth is not actually dead, further supporting the theory that he is unable to die).
_	This lends support to the theory that "A Shrew" could be both a reported text and an early draft.
_	This may support the theory that war was fought by and for elites; that is, the Maya and non-Maya nobility.
_	The theory of interaction between World 1 and World 2 is an alternative theory to Cartesian dualism, which is based on the theory that the universe is composed of two essential substances: "res cogitans" and "res extensa".
_	Although the film depicts effects of global warming predicted by scientists (such as rising sea levels, more destructive storms, and disruption of ocean currents and weather patterns), it depicts their occurrence more rapidly and severely than what is considered scientifically plausible; the theory that a superstorm could create rapid worldwide climate change does not appear in the scientific literature.
_	We are first to decide whether, on the theory that his employment by the Communist Parties (N. Y. and U. S. A.) was not "covered employment", respondent Albertson is ineligible for unemployment insurance benefits.
_	Even before a final ICC judgement, if a tribe claims compensation on the theory that its lands were extinguished, it cannot later attempt to claim valid title to those lands.
_	Emil Georgiev is the most vocal supporter of the theory that there was indeed a Greek-based pre-Constantine writing alphabet, out of which Cyrillic developed and of which no extant examples have been preserved.
_	In 1999 it was revealed that the royalties for "Warsaw Concerto" had belonged to the parents of author Jilly Cooper, whose brother advanced the theory that Addinsell – for many years their neighbour – gave it to them as thanks for being discreet about his relationship with Stiebel.
_	It is generally said that the "mata" (又) of "nekomata" comes from how they have two tails, but from the view of folkloristics, this is seen as questionable, and since they transform as they grow older, the theory that it is the "mata" meaning "repetition", or as previously stated, since they were once thought to be a beast in the mountains, there is the theory that it comes from "mata" (爰) meaning monkeys, with the meaning that they are like monkeys that can freely come and go between trees in the mountains at will.
_	There is also the theory that it comes from the way in which cats that grow old shed the skin off their backs and hang downwards, making it seem like they have two tails.
_	Further forensic analysis on the bones also led to the discovery of high lead levels, which led to the theory that the Franklin crewmen had succumbed to lead poisoning.
_	Mitchell's book rests on the theory that the roots of colonialism are as much internal as external, and that power operates through representation and culture as well as brute force.
_	British Israelism (also known as 'Anglo-Israelism') espouses the theory that people of northwestern European descent, especially those who live in the United Kingdom and the United States, are descended from the lost tribes of Israel.
_	At Howard, she was introduced to the theory that racial identity had been devised in colonial times as a method of control.
_	Harold Bloom rejects the theory that Shakespeare wrote "Edward III", on the grounds that he finds "nothing in the play is representative of the dramatist who had written "Richard III"."
_	Investigators tried to determine how the air brakes were released by examining the theory that a relatively small change in air pressure could have produced a "pressure wave" to trigger a quick release of the brakes.
_	Much less research was done into the theory that her alleged sister Richenza was a daughter of Otto II.
_	There is evidence both supporting the theory that much of the present text was authored in the mid-Warring States, and that it was modified after this date.
_	Some scientists have used the evidence of alarm-calling behaviour to challenge the theory that "evolution works only/primarily at the level of the gene and of the gene's "interest" in passing itself along to future generations."
_	Particularly from August onwards, these suspicions developed into the theory that Madeleine had died in apartment 5A as a result of an accident—perhaps after being sedated to help her stay asleep—and that her parents had hidden her body for a month, before retrieving her and driving her to an unknown place in a car they had hired over three weeks after the disappearance.
_	Carpenter put forth the theory that the original pre-emptor was still technically the owner of the property.
_	A proponent of the theory that Montenegrins were an ethnic group distinct from Serbs, he also founded and became the leader of the Montenegrin Federalist Party.
_	Until some years ago, the archaeological findings in the area of Tharros supported the theory that Phoenicians founded the town in eighth century BC.
_	In their review of the novel, "The Seattle Weekly" said: "There is no grunge bodice-ripper [in the novel]; it sticks close to the theory that life is never simple and people always suck.
_	Milgrom dismissed as without support the theory that the firstborn was originally offered as a sacrifice.
_	Archaeological data supports the theory that during the Neolithic period (7000 to 2000 BCE) in China, Chinese matrilineal clans evolved into the usual patrilineal families by passing through a transitional patrilineal clan phase.
_	Since the Pallavas ruled in the territory extending from Bellary to Bezwada, it led to the theory that they were a northern dynasty who contracted marriages with princesses of the Andhra Dynasty and so inherited a portion of southern Andhra Pradesh.
_	ClearType and similar technologies work on the theory that variations in intensity are more noticeable than variations in color.
_	The competition for the CEO position that Immelt won began when Jack Welch asked Gary Wendt, the head of GE Financial Services, Inc, then a $41 billion empire and GE's most profitable division, to resign, on the theory that he would overshadow Welch's other candidates.
_	This supports the theory that estrogen acts as a protectorate against schizophrenia.
_	Nor can we accept the theory that Americans who do not accept the Commandments' validity are outside the First Amendment's protections.
_	The First Order, the main antagonists from the "Star Wars" sequel trilogy, were based on the concept of ODESSA, in particular the theory that several Nazis escaped into Argentina.
_	Lawyers suggested that DNA evidence suggested the theory that Hirte killed Kopitske just to see if he could get away with it was not true.
_	He first attained wider recognition, however, when he published his "Syngramma Suevicum" on 21 October 1525, attacking Œcolampadius, and finding the explanation of the creative power of the word of Christ in the theory that the body and blood of Christ are actually present in the Sacrament.
_	Ivo Goldstein acknowledged and accepted the theory that it was located in Srb, but advocated against misinterpreting the scarce historical records.
_	Flood, an Irish music scholar, proposed the theory that the name ""uilleann"" came from the Irish word for "elbow".
_	Those who subscribe to the theory that Sir Francis Bacon wrote the Shakespeare work generally refer to themselves as "Baconians", while dubbing those who maintain the orthodox view that William Shakespeare of Stratford wrote them "Stratfordians".
_	All varieties of emergentism strive to be compatible with physicalism, the theory that the universe is composed exclusively of physical entities, and in particular with the evidence relating changes in the brain with changes in mental functioning.
_	In 2014, French economist Thomas Piketty published a book entitled "Capital in the Twenty-First Century" that posits the theory that economic inequality was worsening and proposes wealth taxes as a solution.
_	Rupert was influential in the development of the idea of the Yellow Peril, the theory that East Asians (the "yellow races") were a present and future threat to the west.
_	The supporters of the theory that Raj Darbhanga was a kingdom argue that it was held by privy council, that the rulership was a hereditary one with succession governed by primogeniture.
_	"Time" magazine carried a report of some voters with Callaway stickers on their cars voting in the Democratic runoff, presumably for Maddox on the theory that he would be a weaker opponent for Callaway than would have been Arnall.
_	In November 1894, he revealed to Ross with his hands on Ross' shoulders, saying, "Do you know, I have formed the theory that mosquitoes carry malaria just as they carry filaria."
_	Venetic may also have been related to the Illyrian languages once spoken in the western Balkans, though the theory that Illyrian and Venetic were closely related is debated by current scholarship.
_	Section 2 of the Force Act of 1871 was declared unconstitutional on the theory that an Act to enforce the Equal Protection Clause applied only to state action, not to state inaction.
_	Operating on the theory that agricultural producers were not receiving an equitable price for their products, the American Society of Equity conceived the idea of organizing the farmers to place a price on all products of the "farm and orchard."
_	The data showing direct interaction of EVI1 with the promoters for a diverse array of genes supports the theory that this is a complex transcription factor associated with many different signalling pathways involved in development and growth.
_	One of her most memorable articles was "King Bites Dog," in which she advanced the theory that the abdication of Edward VIII was due to conservative objections to his "political color" rather than to his romance with Mrs. Wallis Simpson.
_	The Ligurian hypothesis is the theory that the prehistoric populations of the western Mediterranean islands were descended from the ancestors of the ancient Ligurians, once widespread.
_	Also performed during the tour was Slapstick's "Broken Down", lending support to the theory that the likely reason for the inclusion of these songs is because the tour was something of a showcase for Brendan and Chris's various projects, leading to some of their older songs being added for the sake of completion and to please die-hard fans.
_	Based on primary accounts and on what one would expect from the geographic positions of the islands given Columbus's course, the prime candidates are San Salvador Island (so named in 1925 on the theory that it was Columbus's San Salvador), Samana Cay, and Plana Cays.
_	Lyrically, "Who You Love" is a ballad about accepting falling in love with someone, on the theory that "you love who you love".
_	Recent molecular data, both from rRNA and from mtDNA strongly supports the theory that living agnathans, known as cyclostomes, are monophyletic.
_	In 1932, Samuel Krauss ventured the theory that the biblical Ashkenaz referred to northern Asia Minor, and he identified it with the Khazars, a position immediately disputed by Jacob Mann.
_	Dahl's work with the language and his comparison between Malagasy and Ma'anyan led him and others to advance the theory that Madagascar had been settled in approximately AD 400 by Ma'anyan-speaking people from the Tamianglayang area in southwestern Kalimantan (Borneo).
_	This supports the theory that shockwaves from a supernova - the explosion of an aging star - may have triggered the formation of, or contributed to the formation of the Solar System.
_	However, in some cases, there is evidence to support the theory that greater exposure to pain will result in more painful future exposures.
_	(In reference to the theory that Ultra Magnus was formerly Dion, the name of the team Ultra Magnus led to take the Autobots into custody was team Dion.)
_	He expounds the theory that Hitler alone was driven by the explicit desire to kill all the Jews and that in essence only he is guilty.
_	A few Muslim commentators, such as David Benjamin Keldani (1928), have argued the theory that the original Greek word used was "periklytos", meaning famed, illustrious, or praiseworthy, rendered in Arabic as "Ahmad" (another name of Muhammad), and that this was substituted by Christians with "parakletos".
_	University of Toronto professor Richard Toporoski held the theory that a sovereign, not independent, Quebec would still be under the sovereignty of the : "...the real problem of the Quebec bill is not separation from Canada:
_	Several scholars, including Sara Diamond and Chip Berlet, reject the theory that membership in the radical right is driven by emotionality and irrationality and see them as similar to other political movements.
_	"The political theory of Muhammad al-Shirazi and the MVM [Movement of Vanguard Missions] was quite close to Khomeini’s notion of velayet-e faqih (the guardianship of the jurisprudent), although al-Shirazi favored the theory that not a single cleric, but a council of scholars should govern the Islamic State (hukumat al-fuqaha’/shurat al-fuqaha’)."
_	Besides describing how to obtain an approximation of π only missing the mark by less than one per cent, it is describes one of the earliest attempts at squaring the circle and in the process provides persuasive evidence against the theory that the Egyptians deliberately built their pyramids to enshrine the value of π in the proportions.
_	Between 1797 and 1798, Augustin Barruel's "Memoirs Illustrating the History of Jacobinism" and John Robison's "Proofs of a Conspiracy" publicised the theory that the Illuminati had survived and represented an ongoing international conspiracy.
_	The speed with which the project then progressed to the mock-up stage has led to the theory that Renault had been working on the idea for some time.
_	On this basis, Wansbrough developed the theory that Islam did not come into being as a new religion on its own but derived from conflicts of various Jewish-Christian sects.
_	She is one of the proponents of the theory that the historical basis for King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table were a 2nd-century Roman officer named Lucius Artorius Castus and Sarmatian auxiliary horsemen, which Artorius supposedly commanded in Britain.
_	This chronology has led to the theory that the increase in sati practice in India may be related to the centuries of Islamic invasion and its expansion in South Asia.
_	This is consistent with the theory that Primitivo was selected as an early-ripening clone of a Croatian grape.
_	Some scholars (mainly from the University of La Laguna, in Tenerife) defend the theory that the Canarian populations are Punic-Phoenician in origin.
_	The fact that "the Wuzi" was written from the perspective of an official with both civil and martial responsibilities supports the theory that it dates from the early Warring States.
_	The Keys are based on the theory that presidential election results turn primarily on the performance of the party controlling the White House and that campaigning by challenging or incumbent-party candidates will have no impact on results.
_	Some scholars have put forth the theory that the Pi-sho-ye were actually people from the Visayas islands.
_	Chabris is also a regular media commentator on psychology-related topics such as the theory that 10,000 hours of practice make someone an expert and that listening to Mozart makes you more intelligent.
_	One of the outstanding features of the Rocky Mountains is the distance of the range from a subducting plate; this has led to the theory that the Laramide Orogeny took place when the Farallon plate subducted at a low angle, causing uplift far from the margin under which the plate subducted.
_	He cites "invasion layers", "conflagration layers" and "double tanged arrows" to present the theory that the Greeks led by Menander devastated the region.
_	Canadian media scholar Harold Innis had the theory that people use different types of media to communicate and which one they choose to use will offer different possibilities for the shape and durability of society.
_	Topology of the angiosperm phylogenetic tree could infer that the monocots would be among the oldest lineages of angiosperms, which would support the theory that they are just as old as the eudicots.
_	Although this is the theory that has the most evidence, it is possible for "Milicia excelsa" to have evolved in a different way.
_	Based on the theory that the crater was invaded by the sea just after the impact, the crater may have formed a unique protected microenvironment for primitive life, and could be an important analogue to craters filled with sediment in a similar way on Mars.
_	Henry of Ghent articulated the theory that every person has a property interest in their own body.
_	The most important early account of its composition, the Epistle of Sherira Gaon, is ambiguous on the point, though the "Spanish" recension leans to the theory that the Mishnah was written.
_	This supported the theory that morphemes are used during the processing of compound words because the priming effect was only reduced when the letters were switched over the morpheme boundary and were unable to separate into their separate parts.
_	Several archaeologists and historians have proposed the theory that the name Gothiscandza was evolved linguistically into Kashubian and other West Slavic languages' rendition of the various historical names of Gdańsk ().
_	The argument regarding warehousing rests, in this case, upon the theory that any punishment considered respectful of human rights should not include caging humans for life without chance of release—that even death is morally and ethically a higher road than no-parole prison sentences.
_	Prof Nadav Na'aman offer the theory that Yarim-Lim son of Hammurabi I was not the only king of Alalakh with that name and that there was a second Yarim-Lim to rule
_	This is consistent with the theory that some dyslexic people may have motion perception deficits.
_	Dmitriev was a convinced supporter of the theory that stipulates a genetic unity of the Turkic languages.
_	By citing the previous research of Edward Sabine, which established a correlation between sunspots and magnetic storms, Stewart was able to correctly advance the theory that the event observed by Richard Carrington and the magnetic disturbance that was recorded at the same time were in fact connected.
_	A recent book by Elizabeth Reid, "The Singular Journey of O'Hea's Cross", poses the theory that Timothy O'Hea in fact died in Ireland, shortly after his discharge from the British Army in 1868.
_	The ovulatory shift hypothesis is the theory that women experience evolutionarily adaptive changes in subconscious thoughts and behaviors related to mating across the ovulatory cycle.
_	In ethics, Norcross defends a version of act utilitarianism known as "scalar utilitarianism", which is the theory that there are no right or wrong actions, only better or worse actions ranked along a continuum from the action (or actions) that contributes most to overall utility to the action (or actions) that contributes the least.
_	Multisensory learning is the theory that individuals learn better if they are taught using more than one sense (modality).
_	There are versions of the theory that can be used to calculate surface states.
_	A different strain of successionism is the theory that the Anabaptists are of Waldensian origin.
_	Professor Peter Anthony Morris was working for them in Oregon where he came up with the theory that the Transformers were controlled by oil tycoon G.B. Blackrock.
_	There had been a movement started by the official Zhang Jiafu and the commoner Wang Qingzhi (王慶之) to have Wu Zetian's nephew Wu Chengsi made crown prince—under the theory that given that Wu Zetian was now emperor, she should be succeeded by a member of the Wu clan rather than her husband's Li clan.
_	He later filed a lawsuit against the city on the theory that his injury had resulted from the legendary Curse of the pharaohs.
_	Organic molecules preserved in 3.5 billion-year-old bedrock and seasonal variations in the level of methane in the atmosphere further support the theory that past conditions may have been conducive to life.
_	Juan Tamariz has advanced the theory that Erdnase was written by the Peruvian magician named "L'Homme Masqué" (The Masked Man), who lived in Europe.
_	He argued for the then popular theory of hyperdiffusionism, the theory that all civilizations originated in one place and spread to others, in this case, from the Near East to China.
_	It was his friendship with Cosway that led to his introduction into the field of magnetic therapy, the theory that megnetic force had healing powers.
_	This version of the popular legend eschews the use of magic to explain Arthur’s ascent to power and instead relies on the historical condition (with some artistic licence) of post-Roman Britain to support the theory that Arthur was meant to counter the anarchy left by the Roman departure from Britain in 410 AD and the subsequent colonization and invasion of Britain by various peoples from Northwestern Europe, including the Saxons, Jutes, Franks, and Angles.
_	But whilst Gelman's argument provides evidence that the published counts were fabricated, he admits that it does not preclude the theory that those numbers could have been generated retrospectively (and unprofessionally) from "valid" percentages.
_	In an interview with Tom Disch in the "Cortland Review", Lehman addresses his great variety of poetic styles: "I write in a lot of different styles and forms on the theory that the poems all sound like me in the end, so why not make them as different from one another as possible, at least in outward appearance?
_	This corroborates the theory that Bhoja's influence extended to Kanyakubja.
_	The apparent absence of thirteenth and fourteenth century Scottish mentions of the Stone of Scone, and their lack of reaction to Edward's theft, compared with the wealth of legends developed in later centuries, have given rise to the theory that the Stone of Scone was never a relic of great significance to the Scots, but 'talked up' by Edward as useful propaganda.
_	The distinction between main stems and strongly branched lateral stems evident in species such as "P. forbesii" has been considered to be one of the key steps towards the evolution of the leaves of euphyllophytes (modern members of which are the ferns and seed plants), based on the theory that such leaves evolved through 'webbing' of flattened lateral branching systems.
_	In 1872, Gulick was the first to propose the theory that the majority of evolutionary changes are the result of chance variation, which has no effect on the survival and reproductive success of a species (today called "genetic drift").
_	Benjamin Gordon supports the theory that the hospital – as we know it - is a French invention, but that it was originally developed for isolating lepers and plague victims, and only later undergoing modification to serve the pilgrim.
_	It is the final part of the "Lazarus Long" cycle of stories, involving time travel, parallel dimensions, free love, voluntary incest, and a concept that Heinlein named pantheistic solipsism, or 'World as Myth': the theory that universes are created by the act of imagining them, so that somewhere (for example) the Land of Oz is real.
_	At this time, he met Laozi and together they created (or attempted to create) the Elixir of Life (Radcliffe, 2001), by creating the theory that would be used in order to achieve the making of such an elixir.
_	Within China, the theory that Lin Liguo drafted the Project 571 Outline was corroborated by the testimony of Lin Biao's generals in the special trials of the "Lin Biao and Jiang Qing Counter-Revolutionary Cliques", which were held in 1980.
_	In regard to memory enhancement, participants that were shown a stressful picture, often remembered them a day later, which is in accordance with the theory that negative incidents have lasting effects on our memory.
_	Metaphysical subjectivism is the theory that reality is what we perceive to be real, and that there is no underlying true reality that exists independently of perception.
_	Therefore, a confirmation of Spearman's hypothesis and the similar relationship for heritability would support, they argued, the theory that the average racial IQ differences were partially genetic.
_	One 1999 research study found strong support for the theory that exposure to crime-mitigating programs such as "The Oprah Winfrey Show" results in significantly lower punitive recommendations from juries.
_	Like many in the Drake Navigators Guild, Aker was a proponent of the theory that Drake landed at what is now called Drakes Bay in Marin County, California, north of San Francisco.
_	Over 150,000 people signed a White House petition asking President Obama to independently appoint Garland to the Supreme Court, espousing the theory that the Senate had waived its advise and consent role.<ref name="WashPo11/18"></ref>
_	This comes from the theory that when there are more illegal immigrants in the country, there will be more immigrants looking for employment because most illegal immigrants prefer to work.
_	The separation from the baffle is considered to be optimal under the theory that the smallest baffle possible is optimal for tweeters.
_	Additionally, "P. carolina" does not participate in egg eating, which supports the theory that aggression is not the primary method of determining reproductive share.
_	He collected images, counted them, catalogued them, and later used them for an experiment on mere exposure effect, the theory that the more times one is exposed to something, the more one prefers it over something similar but less familiar.
_	The book begins with an evolutionary account of sex itself, defending the theory that sex flourishes, despite its energetic costs, primarily because a sexually mixed heritage confers to offspring a defensive "head start" against parasites received from and originally adapted to the maternal host environment.
_	Later Robert M. Price, Francis Watson and Craig A. Evans developed the theory that Morton Smith would have been inspired by this novel to forge the letter.
_	The transcript was delivered to the bureau of Radio Liberty in Paris and passed on to the "New York Times", on the theory that the news would have a greater impact if carried first by the "Times" than the avowedly anti-communist Radio Liberty.
_	Doubt has been cast on the idea that imitation and the understanding of actions depend on mirror neurons, and on the theory that autism involves a defect in these systems of cells.
_	However, excavation supports the theory that the tell was originally located on the southern bank, and the wadi was diverted south of the tell to incorporate the temple into Palmyra's late first and early second century urban organization on the north bank.
_	The language of the amendment itself does not support the theory that it was passed for the benefit of corporations.
_	Abuse and subsequent submission and appeasement by the victim have been observed among chimpanzees, leading to the theory that the Stockholm Syndrome may have its roots in evolutionary needs.
_	The results of this experiment implicitly discredited vitalism — the theory that the chemicals of living organisms are fundamentally different from those of inanimate matter.
_	William established his court at Santa Igia and took the regnal name Salusio IV, continuing a tradition of alternation between the two regnal names (Torchitorio and Salusio) and also demolishing the theory that he had had any other predecessor than Torchitorio III.
_	In a cross-cultural study that covered 37 countries, preferences for age differences were measured and research supported the theory that people prefer to marry close to the age when female fertility is at its highest (24–25 years).
_	CBT is based on the theory that how we think (cognition), how we feel (emotion), and how we act (behavior) are related and interact together in complex ways.
_	These oarsmen below deck would sit on thwarts and kept their personal storage items beneath them, reassuring the theory that these ships would be very crowded with little room for anything other than operational functions.
_	In 1885, the Democratic politician Hamilton MacMillan proposed the theory that the Indian inhabitants of Robeson County were descendants of England's "Lost Colony of Roanoke", who intermarried with what he described as the "Croatan Indians."
_	The complaint alleges that the FBI suspended its active investigation of the Cooper case " ... in order to undermine the theory that Rackstraw is D.B. Cooper, so as to prevent embarrassment for the Bureau’s failure to develop evidence sufficient to prosecute him for the crime."
_	It promotes the theory that acting is a child's game played with great pleasure and dexterity that forms a rapport with the audience by speaking to their imagination.
_	Although the theory that the Romulean tribes represented the city's original ethnic components continues to be represented in modern scholarship, it has never been universally accepted, and this view is rejected by many scholars.
_	This was subsequently, in the 1970s under Clarke’s successor Derek Rushworth, reversed on the theory that underachieving students would benefit from intellectual association with those of greater ability.
_	Under Clark, the Fund began its own research into controversial areas, "working on the theory that controversy is an index of a topic's importance and of the need for its objective study."
_	Burton now turned against the theory that Lake Victoria was the source of the Nile (and now said the river flowing "out" of the north side of Lake Tanganyika was the source) and thus also reversing himself from the position he took in the letter to Norton Shaw.
_	Clive Innes stated that he "re-made" the cross between "E. crenatum" and "Selenicereus grandiflorus", obtaining several plants identical with 'Cooperi', supporting the theory that it is in fact a hybrid.
_	Once the concept of working memory (see also Baddeley's model of working memory) was established in contemporary neuroscience by Baddeley (1986), these neuropsychological findings contributed to the theory that the prefrontal cortex implements working memory and, in some extreme formulations, only working memory.
_	He holds the theory that the council was a theological dispute that pitted the churches of the countries where the Rhine flows (Austria, Germany, France, Switzerland, Netherlands and Belgium, which were more liberal), against other churches (Spanish-speaking, Portuguese-speaking, English-speaking and Italian, which were more traditionalist).
_	The LAB is particularly difficult to study in these regions and evidence suggests that the lithosphere within this old part of the continent is at it thickest and even appears to exhibit large variations in thickness beneath the cratons, thus supporting the theory that lithosphere thickness and LAB depth are age-dependent.
_	This supports the theory that the pelvic spurs have a sexual role.
_	While some of these bones are now known to belong to other species, a large number are not unequivocally assignable to either "P. antarcticus" or "P. marplesi", being intermediate in size (Simpson, 1971), lending support to the theory that these taxa were in reality a single species.
_	In other books and columns for conservative sites such as "WorldNetDaily" and "Human Events", Corsi has discussed topics that are considered conspiracy theories, such as the alleged plans for a North American government, the theory that President Barack Obama is not a United States citizen, criticism of the United States government for allegedly covering up information about the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, and alleged United States support of Iran in its attempts to develop nuclear weapons.
_	For example, since tigers almost always attack from the rear, masks with human faces were worn on the back of the head by the villagers in 1986 in the Sundarbans, on the theory that tigers usually do not attack if seen by their prey.
_	Two wounds on the body’s head were thought to be consistent with the theory that he had been struck on the head by the buckets of the paddle wheel.
_	In Napoleonic circles, Weider was known as a forceful advocate of the theory that Napoleon was assassinated by a member of his entourage during his exile in Saint Helena.
_	On the issue of double jeopardy, Joe Piek, spokesman for Fort Lewis, argued that the rules for courts-martial (MCM Rule 915(c)), allow the Army to try Watada again, on the theory that the mistrial is not a decision and that the mistrial was not due to prosecutorial misconduct.
_	This sequence conservation further supports the theory that both the alternative and plastid oxidases evolved before endosymbiosis and did not significantly change through eukaryote evolution.
_	In particular, it was hoped that evidence would be found about the embryos of Emperor Penguins (thought to be the most ‘primitive’ of the bird species) to support the theory that there was an evolutionary link between birds and reptiles.
_	He named R1a1a in Europe the "clan" of a "patriarch" Sigurd, reflecting the theory that R1a1a in the British Isles has Norse origins.
_	But the theory that Stephen Gould wrings out of his fossils is a sorry mess."
_	After the discovery of the testis-determining gene SRY, many scientists shifted to the theory that the genetic mechanism that causes a fetus to develop into a male form was initiated by the SRY gene, which was thought to be responsible for the production of testosterone and its overall effects on body and brain development.
_	Countries that tax imputed income on home ownership may allow the deduction under the theory that it is no longer a personal loan, but a loan for income-producing purposes.
_	As former Bush chief speechwriter Michael Gerson put it, "Compassionate conservatism is the theory that the government should encourage the effective provision of social services without providing the service itself."
_	On the theory that western music in major keys may sound better on bells with a major third as a harmonic, production of bells with major thirds was attempted in the 1980s.
_	The piece quotes biblical passages and uses them to support the theory that God was gay.
_	Both Irish and Irish Australian historians, including Patrick O'Farrell, Marcus De Búrca, Chris McConville, B. W. O'Dwyer and Richard Davis have supported the theory that Australian rules football and Gaelic Football have some common origins.
_	Casting doubt on the theory that Stern resigned due to conflict with former Administrator Griffin is his statement of March 25, 2009 at spacepolitics.com:
_	This leads to the theory that some are infected when the eggs pass through the cloaca and pick up viral particles or some are infected before they are shelled when others are spared."
_	Observations have led to the theory that Aurum's activity is linked to the meadow behind the geyser.
_	No evidence to support the theory that an inland sea would increase rainfall has ever been produced, nor have any of the other claims been supported.
_	I'm referring to the theory that the eukaryotic cell is a symbiotic union of primitive prokaryotic cells.
_	Many outstanding race horses such as Eclipse and Secretariat were noted for being excellent broodmare producers but generally failed to produce male offspring with the ability of their sires, thus the theory that the gene was carried only on the x chromosome meant that stallions with large hearts could only pass on the trait via their daughters.
_	Although it had come to be accepted that a woman could not possess the French throne in her own right, Edward III, the nephew of the deceased king and thus the nearest adult male relative, based his claim on the theory that a woman could transmit a right of inheritance to her son.
_	This was the theory that the only way to attain reliable scientific knowledge was to attain a mutual relation, personal attachment and shared life with the animal subjects.
_	According to Gupta, the theory that Lomas Rishi would not have received Ashoka's inscription because it was in a state of incompleteness, is undermined by the fact that the cave of Vivaskarma, another cave of Barabar, although it is not finished, was nevertheless consecrated by Ashoka.
_	The parents of Suprunyuk and Sayenko maintained the innocence of their children, while detectives involved in the case gave their recollections, and repeated the lack of confirmation for the theory that the murder videos had been shot as snuff films for sale overseas.
_	Subsequent biographers have tried to explain the theory that the Nazis targeted the civilian flight.
_	Large structures were observed that contained vitrified remains of animal dung, leading to the theory that these were animal enclosures and that Toutswemogala
_	These parallels are one of the points of comparison for the theory that Ahura Mazda and Varuna both descend from a common predecessor (see Ahura Mazda for details).
_	In 1992 the Security Council on September 19 (Resolution 777) and the General Assembly on September 22, decided to refuse to allow the new federation to sit in the General Assembly under the name of "Yugoslavia" on the theory that the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia had dissolved.
_	The defense accused the police of manipulating the widow’s testimony and other evidence for political reasons, and expounded the theory that the murder was connected to an intended sexual attack on Sima Arlosoroff by two young Arabs.
_	ext2 attempts to allocate each new directory in the group containing its parent directory, on the theory that accesses to parent and children directories are likely to be closely related.
_	Much of the map of Europe was redrawn by the victors based upon the theory that future wars could be prevented if all ethnic groups had their own "homeland".
_	Lotka proposed the theory that the Darwinian concept of natural selection could be quantified as a physical law.
_	He was the first to produce a glaciological map of the Eastern Himalayas and to advance the theory that humans were established in Asia almost as early as in Africa.
_	Hackman and Oldman developed the theory that a workplace can be redesigned to greater improve their core job characteristics.
_	Support for the theory that meiosis arose from prokaryotic transformation comes from the increasing evidence that early diverging lineages of eukaryotes have the core genes for meiosis.
_	There is no foundation for the theory that he wrote the plays ascribed to Fernando de Zárate.
_	There is the theory that the legends of nekomata of Japan come from tales of the senri.
_	Situationism is the theory that changes in human behavior are factors of the situation rather than the traits a person possesses.
_	However, this interpretation rests on the theory that the career of the High Priest Herihor preceded that of Piankh, which has been challenged by Jansen-Winkeln.
_	The Pangean megamonsoon refers to the theory that the supercontinent Pangea experienced a distinct seasonal reversal of winds, resulting in extreme transitions between dry and wet periods throughout the year.
_	This led him to the theory that young children's cognitive processes are inherently different from those of adults.
_	His paper is considered just an 'honourable mention' there because of the theory that they propounded has already been anticipated by German scientists.
_	The television show "MythBusters" tested the theory that double dipping was like "putting your whole mouth right in the dip" on the April 22, 2009 episode.
_	This association between the crown and this royal relic would also help to substantiate the theory that the Holy Crown was always intended to serve its historical role of legitimatizing the position of its wearer as the true divinely appointed king of Hungary.
_	For example, he doesn't use any scented, detergents, soaps or shampoo, on the theory that it might give away his position to the enemy.
_	The incidence of repetitive strain injury in young athletes is on the rise and accounts for a significant number of visits to primary care; this reinforces the theory that OCD may be associated with increased participation in sports and subsequent trauma.
_	In the 1970s, Thomas Gold proposed the theory that life first developed not on the surface of the Earth, but several kilometres below the surface.
_	The name "milk-alkali syndrome" derives from a reaction that arose to a treatment for gastric ulcers created in the early 1900s by Bertrand Sippy; Sippy prescribed his patients milk and alkali on the theory that ulcers were caused by excessive gastric acid.
_	Monboddo was the first to formulate what is now known as the single-origin hypothesis, the theory that all human origin was from a single region of the earth; he reached this conclusion by reasoning from linguistic evolution (Jones, 1789).
_	However, in the actual program, most of what he said had been removed, making it look like he supported the theory that it served as a second brain.
_	Its position outside the inner enclosure has led to the theory that it may have served as a place of worship for women, either nuns or lay members of the congregation.
_	In addition, this further supports the theory that alkaline phosphatase enzyme activity is actually present in cancer cells.
_	Further, the theory that a growing customer base will reduce empty-legs has proven limited.
_	From 19 May 1961, until 15 July 1965, a Deputy Director of Defense Research and Engineering held the additional title of ASD(R&E), on the theory that this position reported to, in rank, an Under Secretary—the DDR&E.
_	Miller also points towards the theory that genres recur, based on Jamieson's observation that antecedent genres finding their way into new genres.
_	Harry Lourandos has been the leading proponent of the theory that a period of hunter-gatherer intensification occurred between 3000 and 1000 BCE.
_	Guthrie wanted to experiment with the theory that Iago's villainy is driven by suppressed homosexual love for Othello.
_	In 2007 "The Guardian" reported on his writings for the Royal Society arguing against the theory that mankind was causing global warming, noting his advocacy for the felling of tropical rainforests and the planting of genetically engineered crops.
_	The Court held that the survey of the factory was instead an instance of “mere questing”; the Court has adopted, as a rule, the theory that not every interaction between police or government officials and citizens qualifies as a search or seizure, and that officials can approach and speak with people so long as the interaction is clearly consensual.
_	Though police ruled out Udin's political reporting as a motive in the early stages of the investigation, many reports focused on the theory that his killing had been related to his reporting on Sudarmo.
_	This involved crackdowns on relatively minor offenses such as graffiti, turnstile jumping, cannabis possession, and aggressive panhandling by "squeegee men", on the theory that this would send a message that order would be maintained.
_	The rich discoveries have lent weight to the theory that humans were not a factor in the extinction of the ancient megafauna species.
_	Formed in 1961, the project was led by the Vera Institute of Justice with the theory that defendants with prominent ties to the community, such as a stable occupation or long marriage, could be confidently released on the strength of their promise to return.
_	Evidence supports the theory that amyotorphic lateral sclerosis causes anterograde dengeneration of corticomotoneurons.
_	To those who, like Mena, tried to use us to support the theory that the child's death was staged by the Palestinians, we say they are misleading us and their readers.
_	The date of the song's copyright casts some doubt on the theory that Pierpont wrote the song in Medford, since by that date he was the organist and music director of the Unitarian Church in Savannah, Georgia, where his brother, Rev. John Pierpont Jr., was employed.
_	This is called epigenesis, which is "the theory that the germ is brought into existence (by successive accretions), and not merely developed, in the process of reproduction," in contrast to the theory of preformation, which asserts the "supposed existence of all the parts of an organism in rudimentary form in the egg or the seed;" modern embryology, which finds both that an organism begins with an inherited genetic code and that embryonic stem cells can develop epigenetically into a variety of cell types, may be seen as supporting a balance between the views.
_	The mosaic of avian and non-avian characteristics makes it uncertain whether "S. pyrenaica" was laid by a bird or a non-avian theropod, and provides further evidence for the theory that birds evolved from dinosaurs.
_	While there is evidence that the dopamine system is involved in schizophrenia, the theory that hyperactive dopaminergic signal transduction induces the disease is controversial.
_	All these requests were rejected by the Bureau of Equipment on the theory that, once granted, they "will practically constitute a permanent foothold on the property, and end in dividing it between the two Departments, or in the entire exclusion of the Navy Department on the ground of military expediency as established by frequency of use."
_	Notably, some tax protesters contend that the Fourteenth Amendment itself was never properly ratified, under the theory that the governments of southern states that supported the post-Civil War constitutional amendments were not representative of the people.
_	This text is important because it attempts to refute several philosophical views which had developed after the death of the Buddha, especially the theory that 'all exists' (sarvāstivāda), the theory of momentariness (khāṇavāda) and the personalist view (pudgalavada)
_	Harrison's macro-economic analysis is based on the theory that business conforms to a pattern of 18-year cycles, determined by the unique characteristics of the land market.
_	"The New York Times" of the same day connected Bury directly to the atrocities and reported the theory that William had murdered Ellen to prevent her from revealing his guilt, a story picked up and repeated by "The Dundee Courier" the following day.
_	Although on traditional tables the amount of decompression would vary according to time at depth, the basis of the theory that most dives will operate within a range of normalcy which makes the use of fixed ratios permissible.
_	Maine food educator and columnist Mildred Brown Schrumpf was the main proponent of the theory that brownies were invented in Bangor.
_	Following the theory that Columbus disembarked in Mayagüez; in 1896 a statue of the Admiral was placed in the main plaza in the city, thus it came to be known as Plaza Colón.
_	Like Fuller, theorists of Blitzkrieg partly based their approach on the theory that areas of large enemy activity should be bypassed to be eventually surrounded and destroyed.
_	Stephen Greenblatt argues that Shakespeare probably initially loved Hathaway, supporting this by referring to the theory that a passage in one of his sonnets (Sonnet 145) plays off Anne Hathaway's name, saying she saved his life (writing "I hate from hate away she threw/And saved my life, saying 'not you.'").
_	Complementing this proposal is the theory that Smith borrowed the name of a settlement in the Comoros—Moroni—and applied it to the angel which led him to the golden plates.
_	For example, he depicts the weaselly Robert Guiscard, the 11th-century Norman adventurer, as an anthropomorphic weasel, an allusion to Guiscard's name and cunning nature, and depicts Babur, the 16th-century founder of the Mughal Empire with buckteeth (an allusion to the theory that the conqueror's name means "beaver").
_	The 1997 book by Don Campbell, "The Mozart Effect: Tapping the Power of Music to Heal the Body, Strengthen the Mind, and Unlock the Creative Spirit", discusses the theory that listening to Mozart (especially the piano concertos) may temporarily increase one's IQ and produce many other beneficial effects on mental function.
_	Positivism was founded on the theory that the only true, factual knowledge is scientific knowledge.
_	All of this supports the theory that people are more likely to get angry at sex, gender, and sexuality differences because they are insecure about their own sexuality or gender identity.
_	Although few of his thoughts survive for art historians, it is generally believed that the sentiment of later works such as "Charles IV of Spain and His Family" lend credence to the theory that he held his weakling King in little regard.
_	While there are some typographical errors as well as a couple of technical stumbles in this series, Vignaux succeeded in laying out the main lines of the theory that lies between real and ordinary complex analysis.
_	Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. v. Bucci, 42 U.S.P.Q.2d 1430 (S.D.N.Y. 1997), an early Internet domain trademark infringement case heard in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, established the theory that hosting a site under a domain name that was the registered trademark of a third party constituted trademark infringement.
_	The histone code is the theory that chemical modifications, such as methylation, acetylation, and ubiquitination, of histone proteins play distinctive roles in epigenetic regulation of gene transcription.
_	Wollaston supported the theory that continental lands had once extended outward farther to encompass some of the island groups he studied.
_	This documentary presents the work done to develop the theory that cloud cover change is caused by variations in cosmic rays as the major originator of global climate variation.
_	Hall says the theory that full assimilation is possible, or that the people who came over two generations would disappear into the host family and become more or less indistinguishable from them, was a dream or illusion to be buried on both sides.
_	The government invests heavily in scientific research, but this has the side effect of further increasing productivity a decade or more later, so long-term projects with no expected economic return are favored above anything but medical research, on the theory that longer lifespans will consume more surplus.
_	Some backers of unsuccessful gubernatorial candidate Congressman Carl Elliott threatened to withhold votes from Hawkins or even to vote for Martin on the theory that Elliott might be able to reclaim the seat in 1966 from a Republican but would not oppose a fellow Democrat.
_	This so undermined the theory that Petrie rejected it, writing "there is no authentic example, that will bear examination, of the use or existence of any such measure as a ‘Pyramid inch,’ or of a cubit of 25.025 British inches."
_	In his biography of Bradman, Charles Williams expounded the theory that the physical problems were psychosomatic, induced by stress and possibly depression; Bradman read the book's manuscript and did not disagree.
_	Instead, this strongly supports the theory that an active mechanism is required to allow the male to trigger voluntary fragrance release at specific times, such as courting behavior, or other mating behaviors in which sex pheromones are released.
_	In a debate at the European Parliament on inter-cultural and regional dialogue in the western Balkans she stated that the Serbian political elite remained "a prisoner to Great Serb ethnocentric myths, and to the theory that Serbia is the victim of an international conspiracy" and argued that the halting progress of Serbia's integration with Europe was due to the elite's continuing commitment to an eventual annexation of Republika Srpska.
_	He was dismissed in 1846 by the Collège de France due to his adamant attacks on the Roman Catholic Church, exaltation of the revolution, and support for the oppressed nationalities of France and for supporting the theory that religion is a determining force in societies.
_	Tajikistan border officials, however, confirmed that he had not passed any checkpoint in Tajikistan, and supported the theory that he had been detained in Moscow.
_	W.C. Ayres, an American physician who assisted Kühne in his laboratory and translated his papers into English, dismissed the theory that optography on a human eye could yield a usable image for forensic purposes.
_	The practice emerged based on the theory that circulation and cold air minimizes the spread of disease.
_	In August 2014, the organisation stated that it had completed four research projects, namely retracing the journey of the Saraswati river, countering the theory that Aryans migrated into India and instead claiming that Aryans were originally from India who had migrate out of India, dating the Mahabharatha, Shankaracharya and Buddha, and emphasizing that the 1857 rebellion was the First War of Independence.
_	Painted in the highly visible fire service markings and colour schemes, and ridden by police-trained firefighters, they are used in road safety events such as the BikeSafe initiative, or taken to motorcycle events and popular biker gathering places, to engage with bike riders, on the theory that firefighters, rather than the police, are seen as more approachable by bike riders, and have specific knowledge of motorbike safety, having attended many motorcycle accidents.
_	As a result, the theory that the Saqqara Bird is a model of a flying machine is not accepted by mainstream Egyptologists.
_	This is consistent with the theory that pars triangularis is involved in semantic processing more than phonological processing.
_	Also, the excavation of a Byzantine church here exposed an inscription naming the area as "Castron Mephaa" further supporting the theory that Umm-ar Rasas and the biblical Mephaat are one and the same.
_	By 25 December, investigators were working on the theory that he had abducted her.
_	An example of a contemporary reference to the book or at least to the theory that Wahhabism is a British conspiracy, is Ayatollah Hussein-Ali Montazeri's 1987 denunciation of Wahhabis as "a bunch of British agents from Najd."
_	Van Meter begins by describing Dillinger's death outside the Biograph Theater at the hands of FBI Agent Melvin Purvis' men, as well as addressing the theory that it wasn't actually Dillinger who was killed.
_	Many Romanian scholars maintain that the Aromanians were part of a Daco-Romanian migration from the north of the Danube between the 6th and 10th centuries, supporting the theory that the 'Great Romanian' population descend from the ancient Dacians and Romans.
_	In the following years she researched and published papers about artists who lived in Ghent between 1432 and 1465, advancing the theory that the "Ghent Altarpiece" influenced painters in Ghent during those years.
_	The 2014 Discovery Channel special "Russian Yeti: The Killer Lives" explored the theory that the Dyatlov group was killed by a Menk or Russian Yeti.
_	It might be explained by the theory that Vasari had believed that Bonasone worked out of Venice, since he discussed Venetian woodcuts after talking about Giulio's prints.
_	The term recovered memory, also known in some cases as a false memory, refers to the theory that some memories can be repressed by an individual and then later recovered.
_	In 1986, nobelium metal was estimated to have an enthalpy of sublimation between 126 kJ/mol, a value close to the values for einsteinium, fermium, and mendelevium and supporting the theory that nobelium would form a divalent metal.
_	Diogenes Laërtius ascribes the theory that Heraclitus did not complete some of his works because of melancholia to Theophrastus.
_	Dr. C. Mark Palmer of Ponca City, Oklahoma rebutted the theory that sweating would clear out drugs, stating that "No matter how much a patient were made to sweat, it could not significantly increase his clearing of most drugs."
_	In that book (page 217), he explains the critique as follows:“"Data construction and measurement procedures imply the theory that can rationalize those procedures.
_	The purpose of the bold black-and-white striping of zebras has been a subject of debate among biologists for over a century, but 2014 evidence supports the theory that they are a form of protection from biting flies.
_	The observation of binaries consisting of stars not yet on the main sequence supports the theory that binaries develop during star formation.
_	Furthermore, it was shown that if allowed to grow, this subpopulation re-established the original subpopulation of cells, supporting the theory that this is a stochastic, reversible process.
_	What lends credence and adds weight to the theory that Ibn Sirin never wrote anything is the established fact that he abhorred books.
_	Ueberschär and Müller remarked that the articles that Hillgruber and Hildebrand wrote were not really about the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact, but instead were the means of Hillgruber and Hildebrand could attack various trends in the world of 1979 such as détente with the Soviet Union, radical students on university campuses, the theory that the Soviet Union was not a totalitarian dictatorship, and the rise of the functionalist school of historiography that they disapproved of.
_	In his lecture, he propounded the theory that central obesity (male-type or apple-shaped obesity), diabetes and hypertension (high blood pressure) have a common cause in insulin resistance and impaired glucose tolerance.
_	He advances the theory that the Spanish monarchy is nothing more than the play thing of the church and specifically the Inquisition.
_	A 2014 analysis by computational linguist John Rehling strongly supports the theory that the letters consist of the initials of some English text, but finds no match for these in a large survey of literature, and concludes that the letters were likely written as a form of shorthand, not as a code, and that the original text can likely never be determined.
_	Professor Mick Aston proposed the theory that the chapel was a "Capella ad Portem", or chapel by the gate; a chapel that could be used by the local population who could not access the abbey chapel.
_	Although honors programs and colleges are specific to individual institutions, all share a common philosophy of academic enrichment based on the theory that students profit from close contact with faculty, small courses, seminars or one-on-one instruction, individual research projects, internships, foreign study, and campus or community service.
_	There are a few potential reasons for this, the most obvious of which being the theory that the drug usage may exaggerate the intensity of visual snow.
_	Davies has had a longstanding association with the problem of time's arrow, and was also an early proponent of the theory that life on Earth may have come from Mars cocooned in rocks ejected by asteroid and comet impacts.
_	By quantitatively measuring gloss using instrumentation Ingersoll based his research around the theory that light is polarised in specular reflection whereas diffusely reflected light is non-polarized.
_	Rodriguez has also advanced the theory that all human conflict is based on each individual's (or group's) unfulfilled (long-term/lifelong) expectations, which may be modified to a limited extent, through Salter's techniques of personality reconstruction.
_	"We're shocked & disgusted by the theory that we are somehow linked to Pedophelia [sic] rings or Satanic cults, and also by the hateful comments & accusations we've been receiving.
_	Albright and Mann support the theory that Jesus was already good friends with the disciples prior to recruiting them, and that Jesus specifically chose to move to Capernaum to be close to them.
_	Much of the police effort concentrated upon the theory that the killer must be either mentally ill, homosexual, or a paedophile, and the alibis of all individuals who had either spent time in psychiatric wards or had been convicted of homosexuality or paedophilia were checked and logged in a card filing system.
_	Overall, the covariation of love and desire is suggested as support for the theory that each may influence the other in certain contexts.
_	It was also considered anti-Semitic because of lines claiming Israel's involvement in the World Trade Center attacks, and supporting the theory that the United States government knew about the 9/11 attacks in advance.
_	Tibbles put forward the theory that Joseph Merrick had suffered from Proteus syndrome.
_	This is consistent with the theory that Beta Israel are descendants of ancient inhabitants of Ethiopia, not the Middle East.
_	It put forth the theory that Nazis were behind the Reichstag fire of February 27, 1933.
_	The Wallace seal attached to the Lubeck Letter of 1297 gives substance to the theory that Wallace's father was from Kyle Regis (this area) and a rock formation "up the glen" is named Castle William, supposedly after the Scottish patriot's fortification.
_	Some non-causal explanations involve invoking panpsychism, the theory that a quality of mind is associated with all particles, and pervades the entire universe, in both animate and inanimate entities.
_	Paul S. Martin (born in Allentown, Pennsylvania, 1928 - died in Tucson, Arizona September 13, 2010) was an American geoscientist at the University of Arizona who developed the theory that the Pleistocene extinction of large mammals worldwide was caused by overhunting by humans.
_	Readers can gather that Gruffith was the man being addressed within Whitney’s poem, on the theory that “W.G.”, is in fact William Gruffith.
_	This supports the theory that it is a statue of Parakramabahu I, who was of the Lambakanna clan.
_	Cerny first posed the theory that the hereditary prince was the future Ramesses II, but later considered the possibility that the title referred to the famous Amenhotep Son of Hapu.
_	Such a counterexample would require that the assumptions underlying the theory that implied the impossibility be re-examined.
_	A letter from Warren G. Harding of 4 October 1921 said "... I should not grieve if Hynicka should be overturned in Hamilton County, but I do not subscribe to the theory that the way to overturning is to put the Republican party out of power in the municipality of Cincinnati."
_	This aspect of Calvi's death was the focus of the theory that he was murdered.
_	Bill Kuchman of Popculturology noted that the episode supports the theory that Ted is telling his children this story because The Mother is dead in the year 2030, drawing parallels between "Vesuvius" and "The Time Travelers."
_	There, along with Doreen Pollack, she initiated the practice of fitting hearing aids on infants by the age of six months, on the theory that the earlier the remediation and prevention, the better the functioning would be.
_	Then Gutfeld advanced the theory that President Obama uses Fox News as a proxy for those Americans who do disagree with his policies:
_	This led to the theory that venom originated only once within the entire lineage approximately 170 million years ago.
_	The ITC rejected the theory that Philips improperly tied the Lagadec patent to the pool license because that patent was not essential to Orange Book-compliant discs.
_	It also rejected the theory that the Lagadec and Raaymakers patents covered potentially competing technologies, and that Philips and Sony foreclosed potential competition between them by agreeing that the Lagadec patent would be available only through package licenses for Orange Book-complaint discs.
_	Olsen said at the time that her findings were consistent with the theory that a giant asteroid collided with the Earth causing the mass extinction which allowed the dinosaurs to flourish unopposed.
_	Investigators, concluding a renewed two-year investigation, dismissed the theory that a second Hells Angel took part in the stabbing.
_	Young and Yans all cited "Warcraft Adventures" as a game that could re-energize the graphic adventure genre, and Yans remarked in August 1997 that Blizzard had considered and dismissed the theory that the field was in decline.
_	The "broken windows theory" is the theory that low-level crime and disorder creates an environment which encourages more serious crimes.
_	However, there is no evidence of early rice in Southeast Asia, thus discrediting the theory that Austronesian languages moved with people as they migrated out of Asia.
_	In mice, a triple mutation knocking out all "Hox10" genes leads to the presence of lumbar ribs, supporting the theory that these genes have evolved the ability to repress the ancestral lumbar morphology seen in the Eutriconodonts.
_	Basilan's nearness to Borneo led to the theory that the Yakan originated from the Dyak.
_	"Aulostomus strigosus" was found to be very closely related to "Aulostomus maculatus", strongly supporting the theory that "A. strigosus" traversed the Atlantic to come to inhabit the Southeast Pacific.
_	While the National Park Service holds to the theory that the horses were brought to the island in the 17th century, the Chincoteague Volunteer Fire Company, which owns the ponies on the Virginia side of Assateague, argues that the Spanish shipwreck theory is correct.
_	The primitive features prompted the theory that the Emuellids actually represented the stem group of all trilobites, with the Olenellina having secondary fused facial sutures.
_	Tax protesters — who have lost every case using "Merchants' Loan" for the theory that only "corporate profits" could be taxable — are citing a case where the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the income of a non-corporate taxpayer is taxable.
_	The television program "Dateline" shed new light on the theory that the death was most likely a robbery gone bad.
_	T.E.D.D. is based on the theory that all tornadoes, strong or weak, create a RF (Radio Frequency) footprint or "signature".
_	Shiraishi is one of the scholars who most firmly supported the theory that Tingatinga's art is connected to traditional Makua wall paintings.
_	Despite the theory that the Pepperbox was used as a lookout tower, the tower is today considered one of the earliest follies, and has been accepted as such before the term "folly" was first used.
_	Brongniart's work is the foundation of paleobotany and reinforced the theory that life on earth had a long and complex history, and different groups of plants and animals made their appearances in successive order.
_	When her bipolar disorder became known, the theory that she was having a psychotic episode also emerged.
_	The Romanian historian I. I. Russu has originated the theory that Albanians represent a massive migration of the Carpi population pressed by the Slavic migrations.
_	The AM band extended, at that time, from 540 to 1600 kHz, and the theory that an antenna built on the campus of the historic Valparaiso Technical Institute would have better radiation characteristics for a 250-watt daytime station at that frequency was a planned, engineering gamble which resulted in a 312-foot omnidirectional antenna system.
_	This cameo offers an alternative theory for those scholars who have been dissatisfied with the theory that Michelangelo was mainly inspired by Lorenzo Ghiberti's Adam in his "Creation of Adam".
_	Also this is the first time, James ascribes to the theory that Tipu had converted some of the Hindu temples into prisons or dungeons.
_	As information technology has increased dramatically since the end of the 20th century, commentators like Joe Trippi have advanced the theory that modern Internet activism spells the end for political spin.
_	The case for excluding Oswiu from any role in Wighard's election is based on the theory that Bede misinterpreted a letter from Vitalian to Oswiu as stating that Oswiu was involved in the selection.
_	Logicism is one of the schools of thought in the philosophy of mathematics, putting forth the theory that mathematics is an extension of logic and therefore some or all mathematics is reducible to logic.
_	One study found that neural activity patterns for left-right and above-below distinctions are represented differently in the brain, leading to the theory that these spatial judgements are supported by separate cognitive mechanisms.
_	The director, Tyrone Guthrie, wanted to experiment with the theory that Iago's villainy is driven by suppressed homosexual love for Othello.
_	However, Cliff Goodwin's biography of Reed, "Evil Spirits", offered the theory that Reed was not always as drunk on chat shows as he appeared to be, but rather was acting the part of an uncontrollably sodden former star to liven things up, at the producers' behests.
_	Democrats wanted to aim money directly at people in the greatest distress; and Republicans wanted to aim money at almost all homebuyers, on the theory that a rising tide would eventually lift all boats.
_	It operates as a complete bar to liability on the theory that upon assumption of the risk, there is no longer a duty of care between the defendant and the plaintiff, and without a duty owed by the defendant, there can be no negligence on their part.
_	On the other hand, the theory that large territories to the north of the Danube were under Polish suzerainty in the early 11th centurywhich is only based on a late source, the "Polish-Hungarian Chronicle"is sharply criticized by Györffy.
_	"To W.H.", of which "Indie London" wrote, ""To W.H." combines the soul and passion of Shakespeare’s sonnets (the majority of which were written to a Mr W.H.) with the exuberance and bawdiness that characterise his most exciting comedies", "The Stage" wrote, "Stuart Draper’s new play, in which he also stars, runs with the theory that the initials were those of William Herbert, future Earl of Pembroke", and " his Bard is besotted with the young nobleman when they first meet and, though Herbert is 20 years his junior, they go on to have a full blown affair", and "UK Theatre Web" wrote, "Stuart Draper has written a pacy romp which interlaces a large amount of Shakespeare’s writing.
_	Matthew developed his congregation along Jewish lines of observance and the theory that they were returning to Judaism as the true Hebrews.
_	According to these historians, modern epigraphal research and interpretation of these inscriptions (not available to earlier historians) support the theory that the founders of the empire were local princes under the service of the last of the Hoysala king.
_	On June 2, 2009, the Court of Appeals affirmed the district court's decision, based on the theory that Heller applied only to the Federal Government (including the District of Columbia), and not to states or their subordinate jurisdictions.
_	The Fellowship advanced the theory that the plays generally attributed to Shakespeare were in fact the work of Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford.
_	This category might include James Lovelock's Gaia hypothesis; the theory that the planet earth alters its geo-physiological structure over time in order to ensure the continuation of an equilibrium of evolving organic and inorganic matter.
_	The question was submitted to the jury on the theory that each brother could be found guilty of the substantive offenses if it were found that, at the time those offenses were committed, the brothers were parties to an unlawful conspiracy and that the substantive offenses were committed in furtherance of it.
_	Findings of significant congruence between phylogenies of hantaviruses and phylogenies of their rodent reservoirs have led to the theory that rodents, although infected by the virus are not harmed by it because of long-standing hantavirus-rodent host coevolution, though findings in 2008 led to new hypotheses regarding hantavirus evolution:<ref name="doi10.1093/molbev/msn234"></ref>
_	He first appeared in "", where he expressed doubt regarding Qui-Gon Jinn's conclusion about Darth Maul (who attacked him on Tatooine during the mission to escort Queen Amidala of Naboo from her Trade Federation-blockaded homeworld), but nonetheless assured the Council that their full resources would be utilized to verify the theory that the Sith could have returned.
_	Some few Catholic writers have been willing to grant this explanation for a few passages, but the words in which the Evangelists assert that events in Our Lord's life took place "in order that" the prophecies might be fulfilled are incompatible with the theory that they wished to indicate only a resemblance between the event and the prophet's words.
_	By working under the theory that a veteran representative should be an advocate for the veteran rather than simply a facilitator, VVALS quickly established itself as the most competent and aggressive legal-assistance program available to veterans.
_	For example, "Ex parte Young" allows federal courts to enjoin the enforcement of unconstitutional state (or federal) statutes on the theory that "immunity does not extend to a person who acts for the state, but [who] acts unconstitutionally, because the state is powerless to authorize the person to act in violation of the Constitution."
_	Kujan confronts Kint with the theory that Söze is one of the four other criminals with whom Verbal had worked: a corrupt former police officer and professional thief named Dean Keaton (Gabriel Byrne).
_	Possibilism in cultural geography is the theory that the environment sets certain constraints or limitations, but culture is otherwise determined by social conditions.
_	We're not going to exaggerate; instead we're going to use understatement on the theory that it will make the picture more realistic still."
_	Histidinemia is considered benign as most patients remain asymptomatic, early correlational evidence from the first decade of histidinemia research lead to the theory that histidinemia was associated with multiple developmental symptoms including hyperactivity, speech impediment, developmental delay, learning difficulties, and sometimes mental retardation.
_	David Yallop's 1984 book "In God's Name" proposed the theory that the pope had been in "potential danger" because of corruption in the Vatican Bank (known officially as the Institute for Works of Religion or "Istituto per le Opere di Religione"), the Vatican's most powerful financial institution which owned many shares in Banco Ambrosiano.
_	Through his visits to western Europe and discussions with Herzen, Grigoriev, and Strakhov, Dostoevsky discovered the "Pochvennichestvo" movement and the theory that the Catholic Church had adopted the principles of rationalism, legalism, materialism, and individualism from ancient Rome and had passed on its philosophy to Protestantism and consequently to atheistic socialism.
_	The Institute takes its name from Major Walter Reed, MD (1851–1902), the Army physician who, in 1901, led the team that postulated and confirmed the theory that yellow fever is transmitted by a particular mosquito species, rather than by direct contact.
_	In environmental terms, the theory that crime rates and lead exposure are connected, with increases in the latter causing increases in the former, has attracted much scientific analysis.
_	The recording sessions for "Spiderland" are reputed to have been difficult for the members of the band and were, according to AllMusic, "intense, traumatic and one more piece of evidence supporting the theory that band members had to be periodically institutionalized during the completion of the album."
_	The simplest theory for how this effect takes place in nature, and the theory that became incorporated into the Standard Model, was that if one or more of a particular kind of "field" (known as a Higgs field) happened to permeate space, and if it could interact with elementary particles in a particular way, then this would give rise to a Higgs mechanism in nature.
_	As one reviewer noted in relation to the album, "If you subscribe to the theory that the '60s actually survived a couple of years into the 1970s, then this is a prime slice of 1960s garage punk."
_	Sensory integration therapy, a popular therapy for children with autism and other developmental disabilities, often employs weighted vests, weighted belts and weighted blankets, under the theory that behavioral problems such as inattentiveness and stereotypy are due to over- or under-sensitivity to sensory input, and that weighted belts and weighted blankets provide proprioceptive feedback that has a calming effect.
_	In 1796, British medical practitioner Edward Jenner tested the theory that cowpox could protect someone from being infected by smallpox.
_	To put the Congolese spotted lion into its proper context as a hybrid, lions had been hybridized with several big cat species, several of which are mentioned in the media accounts of the Congolese spotted lion, supporting the theory that the animal was a hybrid.
_	One example of this is the Japanese honorific system which is used in even non face threatening circumstances, which goes against the theory that the politeness strategies are used to mitigate face threats.
_	One of the most supported is the theory that it was due to outside conquest.
_	Also, the theory that phlogiston is a substance released from burning and rusting material was eliminated with the new understanding of the reactivity of oxygen.
_	This would have shown support for the theory that a great white could have been responsible.
_	Semiotics operates under the theory that an image can only be understood from the viewer’s perspective.
_	"The New York Times" described her as a 9/11 conspiracy theorist, but Martin told the Associated Press in March 2014 that she "no longer subscribes" to the theory that 9/11 was an inside job as she did earlier.
_	A Dividend discount model (DDM) may also be used to value a company's stock price based on the theory that its stock is worth the sum of all of its future dividend payments, discounted back to their present value.
_	At trial, the Crown advanced the theory that the murders were gang-related, where Starr had used the insurance fraud scam as a means to get Cook into the countryside to murder him.
_	This supports the theory that it was indeed for grinding purposes.
_	In 1994, psychotherapist Ian Craib published the book "The Importance of Disappointment", in which he drew on the works of Melanie Klein and Sigmund Freud in advancing the theory that disappointment-avoidant culture—particularly therapy culture—provides false expectations of perfection in life and prevents people from achieving a healthy self-identity.
_	He also originated the theory that the propensity for war between two nations was a function of the length of their common border.
_	Also, when Hyakumonogatari Kaidankai was becoming popular, there is the theory that they were made by individuals who were requested to tell kaidan stories and about yōkai that was not known throughout society yet, as well as the view that in Hasegawa Settan's paintings in the Edo Meisho Zue, since tōfu sellers were depicted wearing kasa, that tōfu-kozō are the result of changing tōfu sellers in plain clothing into children with gaudy clothing.
_	It remains an active subject of debate among geologists, with subsequent evidence discovered to both support and discredit the existence of the flood, while the theory that it formed the basis for later flood myths is not proven.
_	The American journalist Louis Fischer advanced, in 1964, the theory that she rejected a proposal of marriage by Lenin, and whether for this reason or another, she also earned the enmity of her former friend Krupskaya.
_	Using the theory that websites that link to each other are similar, a searcher can move from site to site, collecting information.
_	Free-market roads is the theory that a society should have entirely private or community owned roads.
_	These give further credence to the theory that the minim is in fact the basic time unit in this movement.
_	Courchesne’s body of research has led to the theory that autism is a disorder with a unique brain growth trajectory that includes early brain overgrowth during the toddler years, arrest of brain growth during childhood and possible degeneration during adulthood.
_	Tulpule also accepted the theory that Pundalik was the historical founder of the Varkari sect, though declines to fix a date for him due to "lack of authentic evidence".
_	This was followed within a few years by the infant industry scenario developed by Mill promoting the theory that government had the duty to protect young industries, although only for a time necessary for them to develop full capacity.
_	The most important early account of its composition, the "Iggeret Rav Sherira Gaon" (Epistle of Rabbi Sherira Gaon) is ambiguous on the point, although the Spanish recension leans to the theory that the Mishnah was written.
_	Similarities between the stylistic techniques in Crane's writing and Impressionist painting—including the use of color and chiaroscuro—are often cited to support the theory that Crane was not only an Impressionist but also influenced by the movement.
_	Others aim at reducing bureaucracy (e.g. hospital targets) and creating a "smaller government", on the theory that workers in the public services should be allowed to simply get on with their jobs.
_	Kepping studied the relationship between state and religion during the Western Xia, and advocated the theory that the practice of Tantric Buddhism by the Emperor and Empress was central to the running of the Tangut state.
_	Several sling stones have been found around them, offering some credence to the theory that slingers stood upon these platforms.
_	He based his historical sequence of rock formation on the theory that the Earth had originally consisted of water.
_	He accepts the theory that making the princess cry will cure her.
_	There is no statutory age restriction on renunciation before a U.S. diplomatic officer abroad; nevertheless, the State Department often refuses to accept renunciations by minors, and carefully scrutinizes cases involving even individuals who have recently attained the age of majority, on the theory that they may be subject to ongoing influence by their parents.
_	A large part of the theory that this may be Shakespeare's first play is the quality of the work itself.
_	Along with Keith Parsons making 57 off 28, they made a dent in the theory that spinners are useful in Twenty20 cricket, as experienced off-spinner Robert Croft was dispatched for 50 runs in four overs.
_	Stephens and Toombs both supported the Compromise of 1850 though they opposed the exclusion of slavery from the territories on the theory that such lands belonged to all of the people.
_	The origin of the name of the river is unknown; among several explanations is the theory that is comes from the Pottawatomie word "Sain-guee-mon" (pronounced "sang gä mun"), meaning "where there is plenty to eat."
_	The first Grand Secretary and Treasurer was William Sayre of Galion, Ohio, who professed to be a staunch advocate of the theory that personal virtue and good character, economic efficiency and a stable and democratic republic were closely interrelated.
_	Morales immediately embarked on a campaign which he believed would help the poorer elements of society, introducing welfare benefits and enacting a new labor code that favored the country's large working class population (working on the theory that regulations, rather than the market, can improve, rather than undermine, long-term conditions of work).
_	The book also includes (identified) speculation, such as the theory that SS Chief Heinrich Müller afterward joined the NKVD of the USSR.
_	He has the theory that May 68 was "a CIA operation to destabilize general De Gaulle", believes Basque is a "primitive language", and is skeptic about the theory of evolution.
_	The amount, type, and placement of deposits, which continued for over 1,200 years, supports the theory that 'at least one facet of the site' was a role as a 'religious monument'.
_	The issue is further complicated by the theory that the intra and extra-biblical mythology of Satan that is present throughout various Semitic sects may have originally evolved to figuratively demonize the heathen religions of other groups.
_	He is most widely known for the theory that dinosaurs were killed by an asteroid impact, developed in collaboration with his father, Nobel Prize winning physicist Luis Alvarez.
_	Peissel offers the theory that Herodotus may have confused the old Persian word for "marmot" with the word for "mountain ant".
_	Lewis scholar Kathryn Lindskoog advanced the theory that "The Dark Tower" and other posthumously published works attributed to Lewis were forgeries written by or at the behest of Walter Hooper, based upon her impressions of their style and questions she raised about their provenance.
_	Historians who relate Kulpahar with the "gossain cult" gave the theory that Kulpahar word is composed of two words "Kula" and "pahar" means "Clan mountain".
_	In Korean academic community, the theory that even Baekje's invasion to Liaoxi have been still raised as a truth event in recent years.
_	Schweizer was a personal believer in the theory that a Germanic stronghold in northeastern Italy gave rise to the Cimbrians, during the Middle Ages before and after its alleged end in 774.
_	Steele et al. attempt to explain this discrepancy by advancing the theory that the performance of autistic people on spatial memory tasks degrades faster in the face of increasing task difficulty, when compared with normally developed individuals.
_	He was an Italian sociologist, criminologist, and statistician who posited the theory that every person has a “deep ego” of antisocial, subconscious impulses that represent a throwback to precivilized existence.
_	Agonistic liberalism is the theory that conflict rather than discussion is the basis of social change.
_	Jim Marrs, in his book "Crossfire", presented the theory that Kennedy was trying to rein in the power of the Federal Reserve, and that forces opposed to such action might have played at least some part in the assassination.
_	He also mentions the theory that the sun draws the metals in veins to the surface, although he himself doubts this.
_	During the late 1990s, he was one of the leading proponents of the theory that the 'Y2K bug' could lead to a collapse of civilization, or at least protracted economic depression and technological breakdown on a wide scale.
_	Another version supports the theory that the recruitment of Louis XV's little mistresses was done under the control of the inner circle of Madame de Pompadour:
_	Becker is also known for promoting the theory that there are only three grammatical relations present in language (the predicative, attributive and objective relations), a theory which is still used by contemporary linguists.
_	Those who support the theory that Xu Fu landed in Japan credit him with being the catalyst for the development of ancient Japanese society.
_	The album makes no concession to the theory that music should be escapist.
_	However, they were now politically fractured, with multiple kingdoms, and modern Ossetia, consistent with the theory that they were largely displaced and that Scythians had become dominant there.
_	During the remainder of his life, he continued developing the theory that cognition, emotion and behaviour are intertwined, and that a system for psychotherapy and behaviour change must involve all three.
_	One of the oldest explanations for somatization disorder advances the theory that it is a result of the body's attempt to cope with emotional and psychological stress.
_	According to the theory that a parliament cannot bind its successors, any form of a Bill of Rights cannot be entrenched, and a subsequent parliament could repeal the act.
_	This supports the theory that the Albani were a central figure in Latium.
_	Averbakh have both supported the theory that "Petteia" may have had an influence on the historical development of early Chess, particularly the movement of the pawns.
_	There is no evidence to support the theory that they were named pipes for the fact that they "piped" the money into the Treasury, nor for the claim that they got their name from resembling a wine cask, or pipe of wine.
_	Ethnologists and scholars studying the Mandan subscribe to the theory that, like other Siouan-speaking people (possibly including the Hidatsa), they originated in the area of the mid-Mississippi River and the Ohio River valleys in present-day Ohio.
_	Romanian linguists are divided in their opinions: Prof. Dr. Iosif Popovici (1876–1928), who had travelled extensively in Istria, endorsed the theory that the Istro-Romanians were natives of Ţara Moţilor (Western Transylvania) who had migrated into Istria sometimes during the Middle Ages.
_	A University of California research team, led by Nobel Prize winner Stanley Prusiner, has provided evidence for the theory that infection can occur from prions in manure.
_	Those who recognize East's governorship do so on the theory that he was the highest-ranking remaining state official once Johnson had become Vice President.
_	We are not able to see how the prohibition of teaching the theory that man has descended from a lower order of animals gives preference to any religious establishment or mode of worship.
_	Indeed, Frederick was operating on the theory that "to catch a mouse, leave the trap open."
_	If this ichnogenus represents a close relative of "Lagerpeton", it would push back the origin of this taxon to the Early Triassic; as a quadrupedal basal dinosauromorph, it also raises questions debating the theory that bipedalism is ancestral to dinosaurs.
_	This synonymous listing of various forms of Krishna as one, in Mahabharata, has led to the theory that all gods mentioned in Vedic literature are different forms of one god.
_	Several months after the recommendation to have thiomersal removed from vaccines was published, a speculative article was published in "Medical Hypotheses", a non-peer-reviewed journal, by parents who launched the parental advocacy group SafeMinds to promote the theory that thiomersal caused autism.
_	On the same wall in the Sala del Mappamondo another fresco has been discovered that could support the theory that the fresco is not as old as originally thought, and not a work by Martini.
_	This was additionally supported by Japanese research conducted in 1999 that supported the theory that the origin of the Yayoi people was in southern China near the Yangtze river.
_	For example, French scholar Georges Coedès advanced the theory that in using the word "Funan" ancient Chinese scholars were transcribing a word related to the Khmer word "bnaṃ" or "vnaṃ" (modern: "phnoṃ", meaning "mountain").
_	Fifteen days later, she brought a pro se action for declaratory and injunctive relief on the theory that 42 U.S.C. § 652(k); 22 C.F.R. § 51.70(a)(8) unconstitutionally limited her Fifth Amendment right to travel.
_	This chronology has led to the theory that the increase in "sati" practice in India may be related to the centuries of Islamic invasion and its expansion in South Asia.
_	The "Stranger King" theory argues against the theory that the centuries long colonisation process was a non-stop process of indigenous resistance against aggressive military occupation.
_	He also propounded the theory that the Cape would be threatened by a unification of Griqualand West, the Orange Free State and the British Colony of Natal (and therefore should pre-empt it by joining Carnarvon's confederation).
_	Originally Anne was listed as Mrs. Anne Cox as a passenger on the Ark and the Dove, but research has begun on the theory that she was most likely the sister of Sir Richard K.B. Gerard who made the voyage as well.
_	Chamberlain noted the theory that the Dragon Palace might be a romanticized notion of Okinawa, since "Ryūgū" (Dragon Palace) and Ryūkyū (Okinawa) are near homophones.
_	The difference between male and female interests is larger in gender-egalitarian countries than in non gender-egalitarian countries, which contradicts the theory that these differences are solely due to societal roles.
_	The ship was commissioned by 61-year-old Liu Ningsheng ("Nelson Liu"), possibly the first Taiwanese person to ever circle the earth in a yacht, to demonstrate the plausibility of the theory that the Chinese explored the American West Coast decades before the voyages of Christopher Columbus.
_	They found that there was evidence to support the theory that an elevator spring tab mechanism may have jammed and that this would have resulted in abnormal elevator control forces being required during take-off.
_	Red paint fragments have been found in the inscription, supporting the theory that many runestones had inscriptions that were also painted.
_	The French government awarded him the Legion of Honour in 1939, which may support the theory that western diplomatic services knew Furtwängler was not a supporter of the Nazi regime.
_	In Locke's philosophy, "tabula rasa" was the theory that the (human) mind is at birth a "blank slate" without rules for processing data, and that data is added and rules for processing are formed solely by one's sensory experiences.
_	This so undermined the theory that Petrie rejected it, writing "there is no authentic example, that will bear examination, of the use or existence of any such measure as a 'Pyramid inch,' or of a cubit of 25.025 British inches."
_	Of all the relative theories, the theory that punishment should serve as a deterrent "is arguably the most popular."
_	It must be noted this amounts to a quibble since Evans elsewhere pointed out that such diversity also plays havoc with the theory that UFOs involve real spacecraft piloted by real extraterrestrials visiting here from interstellar distances.
_	Franck, in his preface, says the original was in English; elsewhere he says it was in Latin; the theory that his German was really the original is not warranted.
_	Yet another early proponent of the theory that Skull Hill is Golgotha was the English scholar and clergyman Canon Henry Baker Tristram, who suggested that identification in 1858 during his first visit to the Holy Land, chiefly because of its proximity to the northern gate, and hence also to the Antonia Fortress, the traditional site of Christ's trial.
_	Together with John O'Keefe, he coauthored the influential 1978 book "The Hippocampus as a Cognitive Map", which defended the theory that the hippocampus learns and stores cognitive maps of portions of space.
_	McCarthy is a proponent of the theory that social media platforms, such as Twitter, are activly censoring conservative politicians and their supporters.
_	Columnist Peter Beinart writes that "in the late '80s, left-wing punk fans in the United States began following suit, though they initially called their groups Anti-Racist Action (ARA) on the theory that Americans would be more familiar with fighting racism than they would be with fighting fascism."
_	He discovered many prehistoric sites, although he is best known for his discovery of the Beaghmore stone circles, and developed the theory that they were an ancient lunar observatory.
_	Instead, an Adequate Intake (AI) is identified based on the theory that average intake meets needs.
_	Her election, during the last months of the Conservative Heath government, "overturned the theory that the SNP can thrive only [...] when a Labour Government is in office".
_	Two years later he published another paper in which he put forward the theory that Odo was the primogenitor.
_	Michael Rosenzweig first articulated the concept in his book "Win-Win Ecology", based on the theory that there is not enough area for all of earth’s biodiversity to be saved within designated nature preserves.
_	The most recent and comprehensive study of Ancient Egyptian chronology affirms the theory that Shoshenq I came to power in 943 BC rather than 945 BC as is conventionally assumed based on epigraphic evidence from the Great Dakhla stela, which dates to Year 5 of his reign.
_	This supports the theory that the Vevu was built earlier than most coral stone mosques.
_	Treatment was based on the theory that there is an imbalance of the neurotransmitter dopamine in the basal ganglia.
_	Some scholars have used the abundance of these clay female fetish statues to base the theory that this culture was matriarchal in nature.
_	Historians engaged in a lively debate—dubbed the "Storm over the gentry"—about the theory that the rising gentry class increasingly took power away from the static nobility, and generally reject it.
_	Emotional blackmail is a term coined by psychotherapist Susan Forward, about controlling people in relationships and the theory that fear, obligation, and guilt (FOG) are the transactional dynamics at play between the controller and the person being controlled.
_	In its introduction, "Who is Tiptree, What is He?", fellow science fiction author Robert Silverberg wrote that he found the theory that Tiptree was female "absurd", and that the author of these stories could only be a man.
_	Gaetano Mosca in his work "The Ruling Class" (1896) developed the theory that claims that in all societies, an "organized minority" will dominate and rule over the "disorganized majority".
_	G.H. Gerould, in his 1916 Saints' Legends, agreed with the theory that Benedictine monks created the "Legendary".
_	He has also voiced skepticism of the theory that atavism played a role in the evolution of cancer.
_	In some species, the larva briefly develops a segmented body before transforming into the adult body plan, supporting the theory that echiurans evolved from segmented ancestors resembling more typical annelids.
_	He is best known for his work in advocating the theory that human overhunting of large herbivores during the Pleistocene caused Siberia's grassland-steppe ecosystem to disappear and for raising awareness as to the important roles permafrost and thermokarst lakes play in the global carbon cycle.
_	Although late Ordovician temperatures at the South Pole may have reached freezing, there were no ice sheets during the early Silurian through the late Mississippian Agreement can be met with the theory that continental snow can occur when the edge of a continent is near the pole.
_	Dubofsky promotes the theory that labor radicalism emerged from what has been termed a "culture of poverty," and he stresses the role culture and the development of capitalism play in the American labor movement-particularly in the late 19th century.
_	Mikhail Artamonov became an adherent of the theory that Kiev was the seat of the Rus' Khaganate, and continued to hold this view into the 1990s.
_	They held that culture must be studied using the Hegelian concept of immanent critique: the theory that adequate description and criticism of a philosophical or cultural text must be carried out in the same terms that text itself employs, in order to develop its internal inconsistencies in a manner that allows intellectual advancement.
_	She offered support for the theory that the Christian-alchemical text might have been dictated by Thomas Aquinas himself.
_	The fact that Huangdi meant "yellow" emperor also served to buttress the theory that he was the originator of the "yellow race".
_	Through his published work, he is a proponent of the theory that male infertility is an early marker for other diseases that occur later in life.
_	The Appellate Division overturned the identity theft conviction in the second degree, which was based on the theory that Golb attempted to commit the felony of scheme to defraud in the first degree, which means defrauding someone of $1000 or more in property.
_	Bocker puts forward the theory that the two species could co-exist indefinitely, hardly noticing each other's presence.
_	He then advanced the theory that these pursuits would most be most readily attained by adopting a set of new constitutional amendments, guaranteeing rights primarily grounded in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which the U.S. has ratified.
_	This not only helped cement the theory that birds are descended from dinosaurs, but indicated that many dromaeosaurids were feathered.
_	Further evidence for the theory that a small neural network provides facial recognition was found from analysis of cell recording studies of macaque monkeys.
_	Like a majority of biologists he turned down the theory that acquired characters are inherited, but it kept on receiving support.
_	The Legend is a 2007 book by Scottish advocate Adam Ardrey, in which he puts forward the theory that Merlin was a Scottish druid, politician and scholar.
_	Ahmad, founder of the Ahmadiyya movement, advanced the theory that Jesus had survived the crucifixion and traveled to Kashmir to find and preach to the lost tribes of Israel.
_	Acceptance of the theory that the literature must be beautiful and sublime if its enactment is to be fully relished was another important development.
_	However, little evidence directly supports the theory that mirror neuron activity is involved in cognitive functions such as empathy or learning by imitation.
_	The Savage system employed the theory that the rifling in the barrel caused a rotational force that would hold the gun locked until the projectile left the barrel.
_	Those physical characteristics set them apart from most other Native Americans and are consistent with the theory that they were an ancient people and their language was a language isolate of ancient origin.
_	Some modern historians have favored the theory that a Jewish sect in Arabia venerated Ezra to the extent of deifying him.
_	Brain lesion theory generally refers to the theory that brain tumors and seizures are associated with aggressive and/or violent behavior.
_	Lovett's interest in dolls as idols, or miniature representations, led him to the theory that the dolls in coffins found on Arthur's Seat in Edinburgh in the 1830s were substitution burials for sailors lost at sea.
_	Further support for the theory that DNA damage is the primary cause of aging comes from study of Poly ADP ribose polymerases (PARPs).
_	Then Hercules and Ulysses (Mart Hulswit) are attacked by what appear to be thieves, and Diogenes (Paul Stevens) presents the theory that Petra (Steve Garrett) killed his brother and is planning to have Princess Diana (Diana Hyland) killed.
_	In his 1778 work "Epochs of Nature" Georges Buffon referred to fossils, in particular the discovery of fossils of tropical species such as elephants and rhinoceros in northern Europe, as evidence for the theory that the earth had started out much warmer than it currently was and had been gradually cooling.
_	Her training method is based on the theory that dogs, being descended from wolves, fit the social model of the pack - an ordered hierarchy with a clearly defined leader.
_	Also, there's the theory that the incident with Mankichi becoming protected by a tanuki was a separate event from the tanuki war, with later kōdan storytellers tying them together to create the "Awa Tanuki Gassen" tale.
_	Players was founded by John Hudson, a Shakespeare scholar most notable for his advocacy of the theory that the works of Shakespeare were written by Emilia Bassano Lanier.
_	The sample was observed with x-rays, and strongly supported the theory that Earth's inner core was made of giant crystals running north to south.
_	Details of the story imply that the story might reference a small explosive eruption that sent a pyroclastic flow into Lake Chungará after the time of the Spanish conquest; the theory that it references the sector collapse conversely appears to be unlikely.
_	Looking from a more Europe-wide standpoint, researchers at Stanford University have found overlapping cultural and genetic evidence that supports the theory that migration was at least partially responsible for the Neolithic Revolution in Northern Europe (including Britain).
_	These findings support the theory that with time people develop a better ability to regulate their emotions.
_	In "The Light of the West" Goodchild advanced the theory that under the influence of the Roman church, the feminine had become neglected in Christianity, and that it was the destiny of a revitalised Celtic church to restore the feminine to due prominence in Christian life and thought.
_	These results lend credence to the theory that a prime motivator for support of a wealth tax is not economic improvement in absolute wealth for recipients.
_	According to Sastry, this corroborates the theory that the Kakatiyas were associated with the Rashtrakuta family.
_	From all this it is clear that the theory that the movement of the stars produces a harmony, i.e. that the sounds they make are concordant, in spite of the grace and originality with which it has been stated, is nevertheless untrue.
_	Aida is best remembered for the theory that the "rationality" of Western civilization was consequential upon the practice of raising and killing livestock.
_	Immersive VR has been studied for acute pain management, on the theory that it may distract people, reducing their experience of pain.
_	A theory that is dual to the free scalar CFT is called Type-A in the literature and the theory that is dual to the free fermion CFT is called Type-B.
_	Furthermore, the findings provide no support to the theory that electric deterrents attract sharks.
_	This lends support to the theory that language and views about reality develop together.
_	In doing so, the Zhou captured much loot, especially precious metals, supporting the theory that one major reason for Zhou’s southern expansion was the quest for ores or plunder.
_	In the 1940s, the term reflex sympathetic dystrophy came into use to describe this condition, based on the theory that sympathetic hyperactivity was involved in the pathophysiology.
_	It advanced the theory that the progress of the French Revolution was considerably influenced by a conspiracy conducted by "the lodges of the German Freemasons and Illuminati".
_	Numerous disappearing radar contacts were encountered, giving proof to the theory that several submarines were covering the area from 400 to within 100 miles of the Canal.
_	The name comes from the theory that these mammals evolved on the supercontinent of Laurasia, after it split from Gondwana when Pangaea broke up.
_	In 2009, Paul put forth the theory that Dick Cheney exploited the September 11 attacks in order to push for war against Iraq so that Halliburton, Cheney's former company, would profit from it.
_	In all parthenogenetic reptile species studied to date, chromosomal evidence supports the theory that parthenogenesis arose through a hybridization event, although members of the genus "Lepidophyma" may be exceptions to this rule.
_	Hossein Shariatmadari of "Kayhan" newspaper wrote an article supporting the theory that those clerics were trying to cover-up the case.
_	It operates as a complete bar to liability on the theory that upon assumption of the risk, there is no longer a duty of care running from the defendant to the plaintiff; without a duty owed by the defendant, there can be no negligence on his part.
_	Therefore, the theory that spike-and-wave activity is caused by a giant EPSP due to the decrease or the absence of IPSPs (inhibitory postsynaptic potentials) is not accepted as a general mechanism for epileptic activity.
_	However, others thought it proved the theory that he did not handle the short ball very well.
_	Regardless of criticisms against the theory that population is a function of food availability, the human population is, on the global scale, undeniably increasing, as is the net quantity of human food produced — a pattern that has been true for roughly 10,000 years, since the human development of agriculture.
_	However, it apparently does not put much credence in the theory that Donati was behind the crime.
_	In 1989, the climate scientist Jerry Mahlman (Director of the Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory) characterized the theory that global warming was due to solar variation (presented in "Scientific Perspectives on the Greenhouse Problem" by Frederick Seitz et al.) as "noisy junk science."
_	The police will investigate, but have already offered the theory that he was mistaken for his brother who is alleged to be involved in a love triangle.
_	Triathletes have tried placing water bottles in unusual locations, such as in a bracket behind the saddle, on the theory that the bottles are shielded from the wind by the body.
_	Alain Pierrugues et Édouard Ravon are for instance propagating this error in a recent book, adding the theory that it is a sign that original Languedoc French has been replaced by a more standardised Northern French.
_	This discovery confirmed the theory that carbon dioxide could exist in a glass state similar to other members of its elemental family, like silicon (silica glass) and germanium dioxide.
_	Although officially a work of fiction, Martin proposes the theory that the pope was murdered by the Soviet Union because he would abdicate the benign policy of his two predecessors, John XXIII and Paul VI, towards accommodating communism, and once again condemn it as an atheistic totalitarian ideology.
_	Presentations at the 2015 meeting included a theory about links between John F. Kennedy’s assassination and the deaths of his brother and son; a prediction that the aim of Obamacare was to cause the collapse the U.S. health-care system and a recommendation "that the audience start stockpiling medications and finding doctors who would work for cash"; a sympathetic discussion of the theory that low doses of radiation are "beneficial to human health"; and an argument that the HIV virus does not cause AIDS, but instead was invented by government scientists who wanted to cover up other health risks of “the lifestyle of homosexual men.”
_	He writes in an article for the "American Cinematographer", “while other 3-D systems have employed dual cameras, none have pursued the theory that the 3-D cameras should see and record the scene exactly as the human eyes see it.” (336, August 1952).
_	He also proposed the theory that the brain is a water cooled and water cleaned system and abnormalities in this can lead to neurodegenerative disorders.
_	Smelser and Lipset propose in their review of Hutton's study of caste system in colonial India the theory that individual mobility across caste lines may have been minimal in British India because it was ritualistic.
_	Bob Willey, who used to live in the village, put forward the theory that it is closer to the German "schwall", meaning "flood" and suggesting that water gathered on the clay bottom land below the fast-draining chalky hills.
_	From things such as things, Enryō Inoue among others support the theory that phosphorous light given off from within bones is linked to kitsunebi.
_	Peele stated that he and "Being John Malkovich" director Spike Jonze had discussed the theory that "Get Out" was a secret stand-alone sequel to "Being John Malkovich", and, although admitting that "Get Out" was never conceived as a sequel to "Being John Malkovich" or thought of as such until after the film was released, Peele stated that since hearing the theory both himself and Jonze viewed the connection as both films being set in the same continuity, saying that "as far as I’m concerned, it’s true".
_	Albright and Mann mention but reject the theory that King of the Jews is an anachronism and at the time King of Israel or King of the Hebrews would have been a more likely title.
_	It also separated Mao's personal mistakes from the correctness of the theory that he created, going as far as to rationalize that the Cultural Revolution contravened the spirit of Mao Zedong Thought, which remains an official guiding ideology of the Party.
_	This suggests a correlation between language and thought and provides evidence for the theory that syntax and semantics are related.
_	This supports the theory that longer-lived species benefit from adult survival and future breeding opportunities while birds with shorter life spans place more value on the survival of their larger broods.
_	In 1948 the state provided for the licensing of private clubs, such as veteran's organizations, fraternal organizations, and golf and country clubs, on the theory that these were not "public places".
_	Eastern Orthodox theologians are generally critical of the theory that Gregory was influenced by neoplatonism.
_	For Writers is a popular screenwriting textbook by writer Christopher Vogler, focusing on the theory that most stories can be boiled down to a series of narrative structures and character archetypes, described through mythological allegory.
_	According to Marcel Pagnol, this U-turn from the minister, occurring 22 days after Roux's execution, means in reality that Martin was arrested and lends weight to the theory that the King's order to kidnap Martin was entrusted to a special official, without the ambassador's knowledge.
_	His paper “Performance Pay and Productivity,” (American Economic Review, 2000), points out that a cornerstone of economics is the theory that monetary incentives are effective in raising workers’ output, but little research has identified why and how much output would rise.
_	Although they were victims of religious persecution in Europe, the Puritans supported the theory that sanctioned it: the need for uniformity of religion in the state.
_	Epicurus' philosophy is based on the theory that all good and bad derive from the sensations of what he defined as pleasure and pain:
_	There has been much speculation on why Duarte was the target of such political animosity, including the theory that the 1972 elections were a fraud by Molina's party.
_	In the years of Tenpō, there existed a tale about how a tanuki saved by Yamatoya repaid the favor as a sign of gratitude, leading to the theory that this story came from that tale.
_	In a certain year after that, there was an incident where a great number of tanuki corpses were found at the river banks of Katsuura River, leading to the theory that the tale of the great clash between Kinchō and Rokuemon was born from people creating a kōdan (narriative story) based on these events.
_	In the series, the soulmate principle is the theory that if two people are connected by a silver cord (which can be seen only by the soulmates), then they are soulmates.
_	For example, at the University of Michigan, a study provides the theory that redundant genes are maintained in the genome by reduced expression.
_	The patch is believed to be formed in acidic hydrothermal conditions, which supports the theory that Home Plate is of an explosive volcanic origin.
_	The SFA did not disqualify the theory that the man throwing the firecracker might have been the same man as the one who invaded the pitch.
_	In 2005 SHS supported a year-long trial with Birmingham Children’s Hospital to test the theory that home delivery of dietary products in inherited metabolic disorders reduces prescription and dispensing errors.
_	Alfred Stieglitz, O'Keeffe's husband who promoted her works of art, first espoused the theory that the paintings represented a woman's vulva in the 1920s.
_	Although water molecules strongly absorb energy in the infrared range of the electromagnetic spectrum, there is no scientific evidence that supports the theory that hexagon-shaped water polymers would be created through bombardment of energy of these frequencies.
_	Matthew Yglesias called the advertisement the "greatest economic development poster of all time", but on the theory that investing in Eastern Poland is recommended due the region catching up with the western half of the country over a long-term period he stated, "If you want to invest in Poland, west is best.
_	The failure of an attempt to raise David Reimer from infancy through adolescence as a girl after his genitals were accidentally mutilated is cited as disproving the theory that gender identity is determined by upbringing.
_	Today, there is growing support for the theory that cooperative breeding evolved by means of some form of mutualism or reciprocity.
_	This contradicts the theory that estrogen inhibits dopamine receptors, therefore acting as a protectorate against schizophrenia.
_	Hartmann rejects the theory that dreams are wish-fulfillments, writing, "As for dreams, all the little miseries of our waking life also pass over with them into the state of sleep, but not one thing that can at least partly reconcile the cultivated person to life: the enjoyment of science and art..."
_	In the mid 1980s, Alan Vince and Martin Biddle independently came up with the theory that London had been re-established not in the City but a couple of miles to the west, centred on the area called Aldwych.
_	The Hoaglands also let the National Park Service Rangers know, on the theory that Robert might have gone on his own to hike the Appalachian Trail.
_	Among them were explorers Diogo and Duarte Barbosa, Estêvão Gomes, João Serrão and Ferdinand Magellan, cartographers Jorge Reinel and Diogo Ribeiro, cosmographers Francisco and Ruy Faleiro and the Flemish merchant Christopher de Haro. Ferdinand Magellan—who had sailed in India for Portugal up to 1513, when the Maluku Islands were reached, kept contact with Francisco Serrão living there—developed the theory that the islands were in the Tordesillas Spanish area, supported on studies by Faleiro brothers.
_	Originating in the United States in the late 1970s, "instructional theory" is influenced by three basic theories in educational thought: behaviorism, the theory that helps us understand how people conform to predetermined standards; cognitivism, the theory that learning occurs through mental associations; and constructivism, the theory explores the value of human activity as a critical function of gaining knowledge.
_	Thus Oppenheimer is opposed to the theory that there was another out of Africa migration using a northern route along the Nile and into the Levant as suggested by Lahr and Foley 1994.
_	The book also supports the theory that modern humans were in South Asia during the Toba catastrophe.
_	Mayanists Stephen D. Houston and Charles Golden have proposed the theory that he refounded the ruling dynasty at Piedras Negras in the wake of a disaster that had ruined previous rulers of the site.
_	Nevertheless, this was enough for the king of Tonga Tāufaāhau Tupou IV to come in 1967 with the theory that the Haamonga had an astronomical significance too, telling the position of sunrise at solstices and equinoxes.
_	On a sea voyage back to America, he came up with the idea to recruit his race car driver friends as fighter pilots, on the theory that such men were accustomed to tight spaces and high speeds.
_	A meta-analysis published the same year supported the theory that early introduction of eggs into an infant's diet lowers risk, and a review of allergens in general stated that introducing solid foods at 4–6 months may result in the lowest subsequent allergy risk.
_	Between the 1950s and his death, Rowe published a number of widely influential papers that influenced architecture by further developing the theory that there is a conceptual relationship between modernity and tradition, specifically Classicism in its various manifestations, and Modern Movement "white architecture" of the 1920s - a viewpoint first put forward by Emil Kaufmann in his classic book "Von Ledoux bis Le Courbusier" (1933).
_	Analyst Peter Bergen argues this point in his book "The Battle for Tora Bora" Judging by the possibilities and the amount of US Military assets focused on such a small region, the theory that the Haqqani network aided in the escape seems reasonable.
_	We are not able to see how the prohibition of teaching the theory that man has descended from a lower order of animals gives preference to any religious establishment or mode of worship.
_	This great pioneer, against the violent objections of medical doctors and the psychiatrists of his day, ventured to put forth the theory that memory was connected with present time behavior" Hubbard elaborated: "Freud was so thoroughly shunned by neurologists of his day and medicine ever since, that only his great literary skill brought his work as far as it has come."
_	All three of the above-mentioned economists rejected the theory that labour composed 100% of the exchange value of any commodity.
_	Heyerdahl is mostly associated with an attempt to revive the theory that some of islanders' stone-carving technology is almost identical to the one in some parts of South America, notably Peru.
_	Some writers have advanced the theory that the Portuguese were the first Europeans to sight Australia in the 1520s.
_	Major Walter Reed, M.D., U.S. Army, (September 13, 1851 – November 22, 1902) was a U.S. Army physician who in 1901 led the team that postulated and confirmed the theory that yellow fever is transmitted by a particular mosquito species, rather than by direct contact.
_	Coyotes are more genetically wolf-like in areas where a high deer density exists, supporting the theory that introgression from wolves allowed genetic adaption to this food source.
_	It has since been shown that sexual reproduction may occur, but distribution in cool, isolated high-altitude environments at temperate and tropical latitudes is consistent with the theory that the species was more prolific in a cooler age.
_	In early 1672, Graindorge attempts to reunite the group around a new project, a study of the scoter that would disprove the theory that the birds come from the barnacles of ship, a belief also promoted by the church.
_	In his "Buddhism in Pre-Christian Britain" (1928) he developed the theory that Buddhists were in Britain and Scandinavia long before the spread of Christianity.
_	Contrary to the generally admitted opinion, Halévy put forward the theory that Sumerian is not a language, but merely an ideographic method of writing invented by the Semitic Babylonians themselves.
_	That he did not allow a male student to take asthma medication, on the theory that asthma was psychologically caused<br> • Ronald Angres wrote in a "Commentary" magazine essay, "I lived for years in terror of his beatings, in terror of his footsteps in the dorms-in abject, animal terror."
_	Since the 1950s the theory that they were ancient chalk mines has gained acceptance.
_	The philosopher Erin K. Stapleton subscribes to the theory that Dora Lange's corpse serves to "provide the initial territory or orientation through which the communities of "True Detective" are formed."
_	This included not only the existence of singularities but also the theory that the universe might have started as a singularity.
_	When a magician is found dead inside his locked and (thoroughly) sealed apartment, the police call in Merlini to help explain the impossible, "perhaps on the theory that it takes a magician to catch one."
_	Wegener drew together evidence from various fields to advance the theory that there had once been a giant continent, which he named """"
_	The preamble is noteworthy because it is written in the form of a petition from the Commons to the King and is one of the first mentions of a "papal usurpation" and because it reasserts the theory that England has "no superior under God, but only your Grace".
_	Their co-occurrence and systematic feeding traces in the Ediacara biota record supports the theory that bilaterians existed globally before the Cambrian explosion.
_	Psellus sought in vain for Ancient Greek sources of these beliefs, and formulated the theory that the "gello" derived from the Hebrew Lilth.
_	An official inquiry reached no firm conclusions as to the cause, noting however that ‘There remains the theory that the ship was deliberately fired’.
_	Catastrophism was the theory that the Earth had largely been shaped by sudden, short-lived, violent events, possibly worldwide in scope.
_	He is a proponent of the theory that timing and temporal processing are so critical to brain function that most neural circuits are capable of telling time.
_	Focusing on the fields of international and socioeconomic development and human rights, M4D relies on the theory that increased access to mobile devices acts as an integral cornerstone in the promotion of overall societal development.
_	There is also the theory that the legend of kappa making humans drown and taking their butts (eating their innards from their butts) was born as a result of the influence of this kasha.
_	This follows the theory that if one cannot achieve the ideal, then go for the second best option by using the law to tame market operation where it can.
_	Data recommends that they locate Nurse Alyssa Ogawa who is recently pregnant, on the theory that the amniotic fluid of a pregnant woman surrounding her baby hedges out the infection, like it did with the kittens.
_	Speculation about the Blue Mountains Panther includes the theory that it descended from either circus or zoo escapees, or is a descendant of a military mascot.
_	John Stuart Mill had examined the relationship between the value of commodities and their production costs, on the theory that value depends on the effort expended in manufacture.
_	Theory is, roughly, the theory that the aim of an interpreter is to find an interpretation of the speaker's meaning that satisfies the presumption of optimal relevance.
_	The first holder of the Chair was famed Scottish astronomer Alexander Wilson, who put forward the theory that the entire universe rotated around its centre (which was later found to be true for galaxies but not the universe), and discovered that sunspots viewed near the edge of the Sun's visible disk appear depressed below the solar surface, a phenomenon still referred to as the Wilson effect.
_	Lord Rust's most defining characteristic, along with his arrogance, is his unsurpassed military and strategic incompetence (or, at least, his ability to achieve goals only by simultaneously sustaining devastating losses; he is described as operating on the theory that a battle was a glorious victory if you can subtract your casualties from the casualties of the enemy and come up with a positive number), coupled with the inexplicable ability to be repeatedly chosen to command large armies and similar organizations, hence his description as ""The god's gift to the enemy, any enemy, and a walking advertisement for desertion"."
_	But the theory that these chevron dunes are due to tsunamis has been challenged by geologists Jody Bourgeois and R. Weiss.
_	Currently, the theory that carbohydrate and protein rich foods should be eaten separately is considered "unfounded" because it ignores the fact that carbohydrate rich foods contain significant amounts of protein.
_	Perhaps confirming Hitler's assertions, Haushofer espoused the theory that Germany was defeated in the Great War by her lack of sufficient space and autarchy.
_	According to the theory that conserving material by utilizing wall-sharing cells and constructing structures to protect the nest are evidence of evolved wasp characters, "P. jacobsoni" constructs nests that are perhaps the most primitive of all wasp nests.
_	According to one study, "there is little evidence to support the theory that the foreign national prison population continues to grow because foreign nationals are more likely to commit crime than are British citizens or more likely to commit crime of a serious nature".
_	This work led to the theory that Hox cluster and genome duplications create a window of opportunity which, if coincidental with ecological changes, can lead to the fixation of these genes and novel gene functions.
_	These descents are central to the line of potential descent of the Crown described in the 2004 Channel 4 TV documentary Britain's Real Monarch, which considers a claim based on the theory that Edward IV of England was illegitimate, and that the Crown should be traced through George of Clarence, his brother (with his attainder reversed), not through Edward's daughter, Elizabeth of York.
_	The publishers' claims are partly based on the theory that any test a student can prepare for does not measure general proficiency.
_	Ward published several articles in scholarly journals announcing his discovery that Oxford was the author of works attributed to George Gascoigne, and in 1926 he published a reprint edition of Gascoigne's "A Hundreth Sundrie Flowres", which included an introduction advancing the theory that it was in fact compiled and edited by Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford.
_	The Lazarus Long set of books involve time travel, parallel dimensions, free love, individualism, and a concept that Heinlein named World as Myth—the theory that universes are created by the act of imagining them, such that even fictional worlds are real.
_	Whitehead argued that reality consists of processes rather than material objects, and that processes are best defined by their relations with other processes, thus rejecting the theory that reality is fundamentally constructed by bits of matter that exist independently of one another.
_	Forensic examination of her hair supported the theory that she had been visiting temporarily.
_	Krauss for instance points out there is no evidence to support the theory that the Viceroy Khaemteri, whom he dates to the reign of Merenptah, and the Vizier Khaemteri from the reign of Amenmesse are one and the same person.
_	Derivatives were tested to prove the theory that phenolic & non-phenolic opioids bind at different sites of the opiate receptor.
_	In the early 18th century, George Hadley, an English lawyer and amateur meteorologist, was dissatisfied with the theory that the astronomer Edmond Halley had proposed for explaining the trade winds.
_	The discovery of the seal proved the theory that pre-colonial Filipinos, or at least in coastal areas, used seals on paper.
_	The cognitive mental disorder perspective is the theory that psychological disorders originate from an interruption, whether short or long, in our basic cognitive functions, i.e. memory processing, perception, problem solving and language.
_	In the kusazōshi like what were previously mentioned, they were frequently treated as servants, but there were also yōkai that appeared earliest that were also servants such as the hitotsume-kozō, the amefurikozō, the tanuki, and the kappa, and since the hitotsume-kozō and the kappa have been depicted possessing tōfu, there is the theory that these yōkai are related to the tōfu-kozō as well as the theory that the tōfu-kozō was based on these yōkai.
_	However, this is a backronym, and there is no proof to support the theory that the name of the village comes from the acronym.
_	Its approach stems from the theory that animals' nervous systems have evolved to address problems of sensing and acting in certain environmental niches and that their nervous systems are best understood in the context of the problems they have evolved to solve.
_	Clinton's advisers pressured him to raise taxes, based on the theory that a smaller federal budget deficit would reduce bond interest rates.
_	The book developes the theory that humans will one day make an intelligent agent that'll enter a runaway reaction of self-improvement cycles, with each new version appearing more rapidly, causing an intelligence explosion and resulting in an intelligence that will far surpass us.
_	Following this he is seen hospitalized and wearing a bandage on his left arm, this lends credit to the theory that he has little external cyberization, especially when in contrast to Batou's quick recovery from wounds in the same episode.
_	There is no ditch between the motte and the inner bailey, supporting the theory that the motte was back-fitted to a previously constructed ringwork.
_	Phallic monism is a term introduced by Chasseguet-Smirgel to refer to the theory that in both sexes the male organ — i.e. the question of possessing the penis or not — was the key to psychosexual development.
_	From 1954 to 1959, Bowen worked in the National Institute of Mental Health, Bethesda, Maryland, where he continued to develop the theory that would be named after him: "Bowen Theory."
_	Verner came up with the theory that a high frequency corona discharge would provide both a more efficient and controllable method to treat the surface.
_	Others have called it the "Palmer effect" on the theory that David Palmer, a fictional president played by Dennis Haysbert during the second and third seasons of the television drama "24", showed viewers that an African American man can be a strong commander in chief.
_	The considerable age difference between Casimir's three older and three younger children created the theory that he maybe had more than one wife.
_	Concerning why "zashiki-warashi" look like children, seeing how in Buddhism there are "gōhō-warashi" (wrathful gods that protect Buddhism and take on the appearance of a child) have the appearance of a child, there is the theory that they come from folk beliefs in how children connected gods and humans, as well as the theory that the appearance of a child embodies divinity.
_	Salomon in his 1998 review states that the Anuradhapura inscriptions support the theory that Brahmi existed in South Asia before the Mauryan times, with studies favoring the 4th-century BCE, but some doubts remain whether the inscriptions might be intrusive into the potsherds from a later date.
_	Hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT), in which pressurised oxygen is inhaled inside a hyperbaric chamber, has been studied under the theory that improving oxygen availability to damaged brain cells can reactivate some of them to function normally.
_	This would back up the theory that the albums were recorded before 1978.
_	After studying the moraines, Gregory put forward the theory that at one time the whole summit of the mountain was covered with an ice cap, and it was this that eroded the peaks to how they are today.
_	Upholding the theory that the inhabitants of Alba were the Albanians themselves and subsequent texts in which they are listed as Alabanians, one can say that this is the origin of the word Álava, name of the province in which Albéniz is located.
_	Subsequent forensic investigation found that the fire had started in an armchair inside the front-room of the property at 5:40am on Sunday morning and police ruled out the theory that a fight had taken place.
_	This supports the theory that it doesn't matter what specific environment a child is raised in; if its parent or parents suffer from a mental disorder, the risk for suffering from the same disorder will be equal regardless of if the child was raised with its biological parents or with its adoptive parents (Plomin et al., 1997).
_	LaRouche publications denounced nuclear winter, the theory that nuclear war could lead to global cooling, as early as 1983, calling it a "fraud" and a "hoax" popularized by the Soviet Union to weaken the U.S. Some of the movement's ideas were later adopted by the Wise use movement.
_	Hostrup's play indirectly satirized the theory that the Haraldskær Woman was Queen Gunnhild, and became the first major public endorsement of Worsaae’s hypothesis.
_	Although both positions are mistaken and harmful, according to Kant, moral empiricism is much more so because it is equivalent to the theory that the morally right is nothing more than the pursuit of pleasure.
_	This Masonic exposure is most notable for being the first the posit the theory that Oliver Cromwell created the society of Freemasons for the sole purpose of overthrowing the English monarchy and placing himself at the head of the Commonwealth of England.
_	Warren also mentions Leon Rubin's 1984 Stratford Shakespeare Festival production (where the controversial line was altered to "All my love to Silvia I also give to thee"), David Thacker's 1991 Swan Theatre production, and the 1983 "BBC Television Shakespeare" adaptation as supporting the theory that Valentine is not giving Silvia away, but is simply promising to love Proteus as much as he loves Silvia.
_	He was an early popularizer of the theory that Thomas Neill Cream, a Canadian medical doctor, was the real Jack the Ripper, through pieces published in both "The Criminologist" and the "Toronto Star".
_	Some music scholars support the theory that the Chinese dulcimer, "yangqin" was developed within China itself, devoid of all foreign influence.
_	The first characteristic suggesting that the role of journalism is to inform citizens upholds the theory that journalism is "for" citizens.
_	In contrast, catastrophism is the theory that Earth's features formed in single, catastrophic events and remained unchanged thereafter.
_	Given that crushing and rubbing henbane petals onto the skin provides a numbing effect along with a mild sensation of flying, this finding has led to the theory that henbane rather than mushrooms or alcohol was used to incite the legendary rage in berserkers.
_	Studies of nonhuman subjects support the theory that falling is an inborn fear.
_	He is a leading proponent of the theory that a period of hunter-gatherer intensification occurred between 3000 and 1000 BCE.
_	These developments provide support for the theory that complex modifications often arise by duplication of components, with the duplicates modified in different directions.
_	Since he had a losing streak of 26 bouts in a row, the theory that he might have taken too much punishment inside a ring is also credible.
_	In principle, what infringes could be broader than what gives rise to copyright, on the theory that works of authorship need a hedge or moat around them to assure adequate protection.
_	Dern, whose state had the disadvantage of being upstream from the dam, staunchly defended the theory that, with the exception of navigation, the waters of western streams were state rather than federal resources.
_	These fans confirmed fluvial flow on Mars and further supported the theory that liquid water was once present in some form on the Martian surface.
_	This interpretation has led to the theory that anonymous Portuguese explorers were the first Europeans to map the southeastern portion of the future United States, including Florida.
_	Then a police detective arrives with the theory that Madeline has been murdered: the "vitamins" were something to start labor, and that Jenna murdered her baby to protect her career.
_	Subsequent DNA analysis supported the theory that the mummy was a son of Ramesses.
_	There is also the theory that adding to the price of a luxury product increases its exchange-value by mere prestige.
_	These sketches support the theory that Salomé Pina conducted his work from photographs.
_	Group socialization is the theory that an individual's peer groups, rather than parental figures, are the primary influence of personality and behavior in adulthood.
_	Another contribution from the school was the theory that the behaviour of the ‘id’ depended not only on the element within the thinker’s consciousness, but that there were unconscious determinants of behaviour as well.
_	It has been described as the first original English book of its kind, based on the theory that Italian history painting was the leading genre of art; it contained eleven biographies of Italian painters.
_	The term "anti-Stratfordian" is used to refer to the theory that some other author, or authors, wrote the works."
_	Anselm formally developed the theory that the legal problem of guilt before the Law, required the legal solution of retribution, in order to achieve a just salvation.
_	In support of the theory that postpartum depression may be related to modern diets, the authors find that rates of postpartum depression are lower in countries that consume higher amounts of seafood, which contain high levels of omega-3 fatty acids.
_	Also the absence from his letter of any word about the victims of via Fani has been taken as an element in favour of the theory that Moro was captured while in his Gladio escort (see Involvement of P2, Gladio and of the Italian intelligence services) and not in via Fani and so did not know anything about their assassination.
_	The rather crude appearance of the petroglyphs compared to the bronze works have given rise to the theory that they were produced by different cultures or different social groups.
_	According to the author, palynologist Marzia Boi, it "confirms and authenticates the theory that the corpse kept in the Shroud received a funeral and burial with all the honour and respect that would have been customary in the Hebrew tradition".
_	On the theory that the primary cause of aging is DNA damage [see DNA damage theory of aging and DNA damage (naturally occurring)], there are, in principle, two ways of reducing DNA damage in cells, and thus allowing indefinite extension of lifespan.
_	Jaroslav Flegr (biologist) is a proponent of the theory that toxoplasmosis affects human behaviour.
_	In the chapter "Totem-Sacrifices and Eucharists" of his 1920 book "Pagan and Christian Creeds", Edward Carpenter advanced the theory that the Christian Eucharist arose from an almost universal practice of a tribe occasionally eating the animal that it identified with, a practice that he saw as developing into ceremonial eatings of shared food by lamas in Nepal and Tibet, ancient Egyptians, Aztecs, Peruvians, Chinese and Tartars.
_	This seemed to corroborate the theory that the "Nick" somehow sank, claiming the lives of its three passengers.
_	These data reinforces the theory that the two are completely different men, as the Spanish clearly knew who is Rajah Silaiman of Manila, and that they did not use his name when writing about Tarik Sulayman of Macabebe.
_	The Young Mirror Company, the apprentice company of the Mirror Repertory Company, presented the world premiere of Maxwell Anderson's "Richard and Anne", which espouses the theory that Richard was a hero, much maligned by Shakespeare's Richard
_	Senior administration officials said the new policy is based on the theory that Iran will back down from its nuclear ambitions if the United States hits it hard in Iraq and elsewhere, creating a sense of vulnerability among Iranian leaders.
_	The film received a mixed review in the "New York Times," which read in part "The folks who packaged this put-on operated on the theory that a lot of eccentric people doing nutty things produce hilarity.
_	The news reportedly left palaeontologist John Ostrom, who in the 1970s had pioneered the theory that birds evolved from dinosaurs, "in a state of shock."
_	Some libertarian explanations involve invoking panpsychism, the theory that a quality of mind is associated with all particles, and pervades the entire universe, in both animate and inanimate entities.
_	Holt Parker describes the theory that the poem was intended as a wedding song as a "silly idea".
_	Including the theory that flying saucers were Nazi secret weapons launched from an underground base in Antarctica, from which the Nazis hoped to conquer the world.
_	Research on thyroid cancer has elucidated the theory that paracrine signaling may aid in creating tumor microenvironments.
_	The theory behind the ingredients included in Souvenaid is that they are components or precursors to components of synaptic membranes, the theory that problems with synapse formation are part of the pathology of Alzheimer's disease, and the idea that these problems might be caused or exacerbated by a lack of those components in the diets of people who develop Alzheimer's disease.
_	According to "The New York Times", the theory that the origins of the Russia probe were tainted is "unsubstantiated".
_	An academic paper presented at IAFOR's 2013 European Conference on Arts & Humanities, however, advanced the theory that van Gogh intended the painting to be a uniquely innovated "Last Supper".
_	He told the Chicago Inter Ocean: "I have forty detectives at work today on the theory that the criminals lived in the neighborhood of the Paroubek home.
_	Her detective work is based on the theory that most men get careless eventually around pretty women, especially those with chartreuse eyes like hers, and she's been trying to encourage a handsome young man named Leonard Cliff to get careless when she gets knocked down (harmlessly) by a car driven by private investigator Tecumseh Fox.
_	He sets out the theory that many of the social and personal ills of society are more or less based on the alienation of qualities from the self onto others or an other.
_	Sherman argued that Trump Jr.'s emails "add credibility" to the theory that Trump dismissed James Comey as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as an attempt to derail the ongoing investigation.
_	Often in the process she causes destruction, prompting the theory that she's a Rogue Miina due to this behavior.
_	Since then, numerous accounts have supported the theory that there was no attack on 4 August at all, including North Vietnamese military commander Vo Nguyen Giap, who in 1995 admitted 2 August attack but asserted that the 4 August attack had never occurred.
_	Waiser provides some insight into the events at Fort Pitt the author provides evidence supporting the theory that relationship between The Mounted Police force at Fort Pitt and the Cree we not as hostile as often thought.
_	The law criminalized the act of engaging in a "pattern or practice" of knowingly hiring an "unauthorized alien" and established financial and other penalties for those employing illegal immigrants under the theory that low prospects for employment would reduce undocumented immigration.
_	In "Inbreeding and Outbreeding: Their Genetic and Sociological Significance", East proposed the theory that inbreeding in a genetically diverse stock caused increased homozygosity.
_	The Ninth Circuit also rejected the theory that the case-by-case grants and denials of permissions to bid showed an agreement to divide territories.
_	In 2006, training materials obtained by US intelligence showed that insurgent snipers fighting in Iraq were urged to single out and attack engineers, medics, and chaplains on the theory that those casualties would demoralize entire enemy units.
_	In 1628 the proposed reforms were listed and were collectively described as the "Graces", on the theory that Charles would exercise grace to allow loyal Catholics to take a full part in political life and to secure their titles to land.
_	Blake initially believed that one of the squadron's R.E.8s may have been responsible but later endorsed the theory that an Australian anti-aircraft machine gunner actually shot down the Red Baron.
_	However, Sangita Kathiwada, creative director of a prominent Mumbai fashion store, dismissed the theory that Kapoor had popularised red "saris" and said, "What is Kareena Kapoor "wala" red?
_	Existing settlements in and around Tribeni, architecture of old structures, and religious beliefs of locals gives credence to the theory that there were fewer European inhabitants in Tribeni as compared to areas around Bandel to Chandernagore.
_	Test developers may construct multiple variants of the same test to be administered to different test takers at the same time, or write tests with few multiple-choice options, based on the theory that fully worked answers are difficult to imitate.
_	These scions of now-tributary monarchs and rulers were subjected to intense education in religious doctrine and the Spanish language, with the theory that they in turn could convert their elders, and eventually, the nobleman's subjects.
_	New work by Bahar and Kugel, as of 2001, has revived the theory that the Nazis were behind the fire.
_	Also, he put forth the theory that myopia was caused by stretching of the eyeball — this being due to pulling on the posterior pole by the optic nerve.
_	In Locke's philosophy, "tabula rasa" was the theory that at birth the (human) mind is a "blank slate" without rules for processing data, and that data is added and rules for processing are formed solely by one's sensory experiences.
_	In addition, these neurons expressed MCT8, a thyroid hormone transporter, supporting the theory that T3 is transported into them.
_	Horsford became interested in the theory that the Vikings, specifically Leif Ericson, had visited North America, and set out to prove it.
_	They remained aliens in relation to England, on the theory that King James had not yet become the king of England at the time of their birth.
_	However, more than one theory can act at the same time and the theory that takes place depends on the protective materials, the polymer and surrounding environment.
_	This may support the theory that Metis is the core remnant of a large evolved asteroid for which 90% of the original mass has been lost.
_	The van der Waals equation is a thermodynamic equation of state based on the theory that fluids are composed of particles with non-zero volumes, and subject to a (not necessarily pairwise) inter-particle attractive force.
_	Hahnemann later abandoned the coffee theory in favour of the theory that disease is caused by "Psora", but it has been noted that the list of conditions Hahnemann attributed to coffee was similar to his list of conditions caused by "Psora".
_	C.S. Mann has advanced the theory that the items were not actually brought as gifts, but were rather the tools of the magi.
_	There was also the theory that it would "toughen" the leg of the horse.
_	Information provided by Kadłubek supported the theory that he died unmarried and childless According to Vasily Tatishchev, 18th-century Russian historian, citing unknown "Polotsk's Latopis", Vasilko Yaropolkovich, Prince of Drohiczyn, was married to daughter of Leszek, duke of Masovia.
_	Separate from but proximate to both Rochester and Buffalo, and located on a body of water (as "Port" would indicate), the most likely location for Port Charles would be on Lake Ontario north of Batavia, lending credence to the theory that Port Charles represents Rochester.
_	In his 1996 monograph "Studien zur Bonifatiusverehrung: Zur Geschichte des Codex Ragyndrudis und der Fuldaer Reliquien des Bonifatius" von Padberg examines the so-called "protection hypothesis", the theory that the Ragyndrudis Codex was used by the saint to protect himself during his martyrdom in Dokkum in Friesland.
_	Feldman points to the lasting association of the theory that "all whatness is wetness" with Thales himself, pointing out that Diogenes Laërtius speaks of a poem, probably a satire, where Thales is snatched to heaven by the sun, "Perhaps it was an elaborate paronomasia based on the fact that "thal" was the Phoenician word for dew."
_	In another example of a lateral transfer, Deputy Prime Minister Ilya Klebanov had been an outspoken advocate of the theory that the "Kursk" had collided with a foreign submarine.
_	The defeats against Middlesbrough and Sunderland were punctuated with the ongoing transfer saga concerning Dimitar Berbatov and Manchester United; rumours that Berbatov had refused to play (later revealed to be true) began to circulate, along with the theory that this refusal from one of Tottenham's best players was hurting team morale.
_	Other anthropologists such as Khazanov, Lindner, Fletcher and Sneath have also rejected the theory that the conical clan was the social structure typical of the Asian steppe, arguing, contrarily to other authors, that strict succession rules based on primogeniture didn't exist in these societies.
_	In the 1960s the theory that most cancers were caused by environmental retroviruses gained clinical support and funding.
_	This supports the theory that a misregulation of atrophin contributes to the defects seen in miR-8 mutants.
_	He is currently developing the theory that Wicca may have some roots in tribal shamanistic healing traditions, as opposed to medieval ritual magic.
_	Proponents of the theory that she committed suicide point to the fact that her step-brother and close friend Sergei Shurakov had just died of causes related to medical malpractice on 23 April 1991, affecting her deeply.
_	He had died approximately one year prior, reinforcing the theory that the body belonged to River Guy.
_	In 1926 he published a successor, "The Aryans: A Study of Indo-European Origins", exploring the theory that civilisation diffused northward and westward into Europe from the Near East via an Indo-European linguistic group known as the Aryans; with the ensuing racial use of the term "Aryan" by the German Nazi Party, Childe avoided mention of the book.
_	Several arguments can be made in favour of the theory that the Panduvamshis of Dakshina Kosala were not descendants of the Panduvamshis of Mekala.
_	With the theory that the eye retained an image at the moment of death rampant in the Victorian imagination, police investigators in the late 1800s began considering optography as an investigative technique in murder cases.
_	During the hellenistic age, Knidos boasted a medical school; however, the theory that this school already existed at the beginning of the classical age is an unwarranted extrapolation.
_	In 2014, a study proposed the theory that under selection, docility in mammals and birds results partly from a slowed pace of neural crest development, that would in turn cause a reduced fear–startle response due to mild neurocristopathy that causes domestication syndrome.
_	The advocates for the theory that Emperor Wen was killed on Emperor Yang's orders also pointed to other circumstantial evidence, including how immediately after Emperor Wen's death Emperor Yang took Consorts Chen and Cai as his concubines.
_	Some historians have used this evidence to support the theory that a social stratification was present in early Cucuteni culture, but this is disputed by others.
_	According to supporters of the theory that Jesus of Nazareth visited Britain during his childhood, Priddy was the place where he traded metals with local miners.
_	Other art theorists including Pippa Tshabalala have rejected this narrow definition of the "art game" and have instead adopted a broad definition under the theory that the concept of the game is not limited to systems where the author has created rules and goals, but that games emerge whenever the observer self-limits play experience.
_	The 1981 book "Genes, Mind, and Culture: The Coevolutionary Process" by Charles J. Lumsden and E. O. Wilson proposed the theory that genes and culture co-evolve, and that the fundamental biological units of culture must correspond to neuronal networks that function as nodes of semantic memory.
_	McMurray rejects the theory that the railway tied Turkey to Germany.
_	"You have always been a passionate proponent of the theory that upon decapitation human life comes to an end, the human being transforms into ashes, and passes into oblivion.
_	The scholarship on various Puranas, has suffered from frequent forgeries, states Ludo Rocher, where liberties in the transmission of Puranas were normal and those who copied older manuscripts replaced words or added new content to fit the theory that the colonial scholars were keen on publishing.
_	The discovery of the seal proved the theory that pre-colonial Filipinos, or at least in coastal areas, used seals on paper.
_	He claims the Hippocratic Oath debunks the theory that opposition to euthanasia is modern.
_	The police do not believe the theory that Karl is on a killing spree after his death, but Josh realizes the order of the killings is related to a list of contacts from Terry's address book.
_	Ricardian socialism is a branch of early 19th century classical economic thought based on the theory that labor is the source of all wealth and exchange value, and rent, profit and interest represent distortions to a free market.
_	Gruenwald hired comic book novices Ann Nocenti and Brian Postman as writer and penciler for the final four issues, under the theory that their inexperience in the medium would give them a unique perspective and perhaps take the series out with a bang.
_	This system was based on the theory that a separate gene controls the product of each corresponding antigen (e.g., a "D gene" produces D antigen, and so on).
_	When one of these makers was challenged in Belgian courts, the defence advanced the theory that the weapons were using the Greener cross-bolt system and hence, the larger letters were intended to refer to the system, and not the maker of the weapon.
_	This is, of course, only to be expected, if the theory that most if not all of these "higher waterbird" lineages originated around that time is correct.
_	The spike growing from the main character's neck, the Magatama fused with him at the beginning of the game, was inspired by the theory that a person's aura appears as a shark fin sticking out of the back of their neck when viewed from the side.
_	Later, in a special session to the Senate, Cossiga supported the theory that neofascists were behind the attack, "unlike leftist terrorism, which strikes at the heart of the state through its representatives, black terrorism prefers the massacre because it promotes panic and impulsive reactions."
_	In 1978, Trafficante was called to testify before members of the United States House Select Committee on Assassinations investigating possible links between Lee Harvey Oswald and anti-Castro Cubans, including the theory that Castro had President John F. Kennedy killed in retaliation for the CIA's attempts to assassinate Castro.
_	The authors of these books continued to promote the theory that Bolam and Earhart were one and the same, despite the above-mentioned facts and circumstances.
_	This find supports the theory that humans first made it to America along the western coast line of North America.
_	Shastri has proposed the theory that Ramananda's complex theological schooling in two distinct Hindu philosophies explains why he accepted both "Saguna Brahman" and "Nirguna Brahman", or god with attributes and god without attributes respectively.
_	Antonio's deep friendship and dependence on Bassanio, his willingness to risk his life on Bassanio's behalf, and his draining of his own finances to support Bassanio has been read as supporting the theory that Antonio is homosexual.
_	Modern productions use the theory that Antonio is suffering from his love for Bassanio to explain his melancholic behaviour, but it is not proven.
_	Electromagnetic observations helped to support the theory that the mergers of neutron stars contribute to rapid neutron capture r-process nucleosynthesis and are significant sources of r-process elements heavier than iron, including gold and platinum.
_	Little interest in questioning the biblical chronology existed before then, but with the development of the documentary hypothesis – the theory that the Pentateuch, including the Book of Genesis, was composed not by Moses but by unknown authors living at various times between 950 and 450 BC.
_	However, Brown's recent investigative work exposing connections between victims, suspects, and the police casts doubt on the theory that the Jeff Davis 8 is the work of a serial killer.
_	Operating on the theory that the U-boat was not sunk but was proceeding submerged and bleeding oil, "Chickadee" conducted a box search in the vicinity of the origin of the slick.
_	Campbell's concept of "monomyth" (one myth) refers to the theory that sees all mythic narratives as variations of a single great story.
_	These 'shared belief' in balancing gender personifications upholds the theory that some Southeast Asians migrated towards Oceania and later towards the Americas, bringing with them portions of their culture.
_	Michael S. Rose, in his "Goodbye, Good Men!" book on the contrived shortage of Catholic priests, is the leading advocate of the theory that heterosexual seminarians are preferentially denied acceptance to seminary than homosexual ones and that this has set up a gay culture in some parts of the Catholic Church which in turn leads to clerical ephebophilia.
_	The name of the grape lends itself to the theory that it originated in the Middle East and worked its way west via Cyprus.
_	He points to one case in particular where the Court seemed to recognize the theory that constitutional violations should always be grounds for liability regardless of whatever other issues exist.
_	The Estonian scholar Alexander Berendts published a German translation in 1906 and proposed the theory that the Slavonic version had been derived from the original Aramaic of Josephus.
_	This also supported the theory that the Venusian surface was extremely hot or the atmosphere optically thick.
_	Papazois developed the theory that it is not Philip II of Macedon who is buried in the royal tomb II at Vergina, Greece, but it is Alexander the Great together with his wife Roxanne, while his son Alexander IV is buried in tomb III.
_	For a long time, the field was dominated by behaviorism, that is, the theory that one could understand animals including humans, just by observing their behavior and finding correlations.
_	Katz coined the term "Racer", the theory that anyone who disagrees with President Obama must be a racist.
_	His main contribution to knowledge was developing the theory that linked rising carbon dioxide concentrations in the atmosphere to global temperature.
_	She had tried to have her case dismissed on various grounds, including the theory that, although she was a citizen of Illinois, she was not subject to federal criminal law.
_	Officials arrested Matthew and Grace the following day and subsequently charged them with murdering Gloria, on the theory that the couple must have had some nefarious purpose (perhaps organ harvesting) for adopting Gloria in the first place, as she was black and therefore could not really have been wanted (they argued) by the Huangs.
_	To further support the theory that movement and activity assist in tendon healing, it has been shown that immobilization of the tendons after injury often has a negative effect on healing.
_	The wording on the "Maine" monument in Havana describes "Maine"s sailors as "victims sacrificed to the imperialist greed in its fervor to seize control of Cuba", which alludes to the theory that U.S. agents deliberately blew up their own ship.
_	These structural studies also support the theory that the MinE ring structure may actually form a multimeric filamentous structure as a function of the interaction of these alpha and beta units.
_	He ordered the creation of three chronicles which presented the theory that the kingdom of Asturias was the rightful successor of the old Visigothic kingdom.
_	Most particular of the objects found at the site were two statues which were inscribed with the words "Hekabe" and "Aeschenes" [sic] on their bases, giving rise to the theory that tells of how Christodorus of Coptus effectively wrote the six epigrams on the many statues of the Baths, and lending further plausibility to the writings of both Zonaras and Leontius.
_	Wassily Leontief made a study of the theory that seemed to invalidate it.
_	Historical researches into genealogies in Shirdi give support to the theory that Baba could have been born with the name "Haribhau Bhusari".
_	The inflation of production statistics, on the theory that accuracy mattered less than political effect, resulted in extravagant claims.
_	Emotional blackmail and FOG are terms, coined by psychotherapist Susan Forward, about controlling people in relationships and the theory that fear, obligation, and guilt (FOG) are the transactional dynamics at play between the controller and the person being controlled.
_	There are arguments against the theory that vom Rath had a sexual relationship with Grynszpan.
_	A 2011 biography of Sid James, the Carry On film star, forwarded the theory that Gay Gibson was returning to England to find Sid James, as she was his jilted lover.
_	With Osemozotan administration, the number of marbles buried was decreased with apparently little to no loss in motor coordination; these test results support the theory that Osemozotan may be useful in the treatment of OCD.
_	The findings support the theory that potential sexual offenders use child pornography as a substitute for sex crimes against children.
_	Nicholas Clapp claimed that the discovery of the remains of towers at the excavation site supported the theory that this was the site of Ubar, the city of 'Ad with "lofty pillars" described in the Qur'an.
_	Also, in the Nihon Shoki, in the 9th year of Emperor Jomei (637), the great shooting star was written as 天狗 (normally read "tengu") and was given the reading of "amatsu kitsune," and from this, the essay "Zen'an Zuihitsu" put forth the theory that tenko and tengu are the same.
_	The study successfully tested the theory that singing helps combat vocal weakness caused by muscular rigidity.
_	This is consistent with the theory that if women raise the children alone, men can concentrate on the mating effort.
_	At Wolfe's suggestion, Tolman examines the results of the taste testing, on the theory that the murderer, either tense before committing murder or shaken afterwards, would be unable to determine accurately the missing ingredients.
_	From the 1960s pharmacological treatments became the increasing focus of psychiatry, and by the 1980s the theory that the family dynamics could be implicated in the aetiology of schizophrenia became viewed as unacceptable by many mental health professionals in America and Europe.
_	"E. inexpectus" and a large diversity of other avian specimens from clay pits in Southern Germany were also found in marine sediment, supporting the theory that the majority of Central Europe most likely had a marine/coastal ecosystem.
_	According to legend, King Wu of Zhou crossed the Yellow River at this location, after forming an alliance with the other nobles, leading to the theory that the original name was actually () rather than .
_	During his interview he disputed the theory that he had been radicalized by devout Muslims while in Italian custody, prior to traveling to Afghanistan.
_	This brings into question the theory that the image is formed of amalgam with mercury development.
_	In further support of the theory that Homer is really the name of a series of oral-formulas, or equivalent to "the Bard" as applied to Shakespeare, the Greek name "Homēros" is etymologically noteworthy.
_	Others, such as Jill Watts, reject not only this characterization, but also the theory that Father Divine grew up in the Deep South.
_	Until October 2008 there was uncertainty whether this was the site of the Claudian invasion of Britain; two ditches at the site which have been dated to the Roman period were interpreted as defensive structures, however some archaeologists had favoured the theory that the landing took place in the vicinity of modern-day Chichester.
_	More recently, the various Watchung flows have been correlated to geochemically distinct layers within the Palisades sill, bolstering the theory that eruptions of the Palisades magma were responsible for the episodic flood basalts of the Newark Basin.
_	Other researchers and clinicians who worked with the theory that bacteria could cause cancer, especially from the 1930s to the 1960s, included Eleanor Alexander-Jackson, William Coley, William Crofton, Gunther Enderlein, Franz Gerlach, Josef Issels, Elise L'Esperance, Milbank Johnson, Arthur Kendall, Royal Rife, Florence Seibert, Wilhelm von Brehmer, and Ernest Villequez.
_	Russia's opposition figures have called the theory that the murder was motivated by offense against Islam and the official line of inquiry by the Kremlin "more than absurd".
_	The book advances the theory that Abu Zubaydah, a "top operative plotting and planning death and destruction on the United States" as Bush described him, was an insignificant figure.
_	The etymology of “tatara” is not Japanese in its origin, which supports the theory that this technology was not locally synthesized.
_	In addition, the talaiots were similar in many respects to the nuraghes of Sardinia, which lends credence to the theory that the Talaiotic people were of Sardinian origin.
_	But more recently linguistic investigations made by Verena Lepper and Miriam Liechtheim (especially by the first one) strengthen the theory that the novel of pWestcar is definitely over after the story of the maid servant's death.
_	This resulted from work to test the theory that cardiac and skeletal muscle can alternate between carbohydrate and fat as their energy source.
_	Published in 2000, the latter book supported the theory that Deep Throat was John Sears.
_	By the early 1990s, CalPERS received national attention for its attempt at implementing "managed competition," which is the theory that health care costs "can be controlled by forcing health providers to compete with one another under government supervision".
_	The influence of heterogeneity in species genomes has been recognized and studied since the time of Darwin (1876) in the areas of heterosis (hybrid vigor), inbreeding and genetic deterioration, operating on the theory that lessening of the choice of gene variants and of potential cooperation among different gene types limits the capabilities of the restricted organism.
_	From various sources he drew the theory that Greek and Latin were but corrupted forms of ancient Phoenician, and that the degeneracy of Greek and Latin in turn had produced all, or most, of the present European tongues ("ibid.", p. 354).
_	The "Inquirer" called the Democratic downballot victories "a rebuke to Republican leaders who sought to tie in the campaign with the 1956 Presidential election," and credited the Democrats with campaigning "on the theory that the issues were purely local."
_	This gave rise to the theory that it was originally developed by an Okinawan horse bit ("muge"), or that it was adapted from a wooden clapper called "hyoshiki" carried by the village night watch, made of two blocks of wood joined by a cord.
_	The South African business newspaper "Financial Mail" published a lead story on 6 August detailing the theory that F.W. de Klerk had orchestrated the libel case to discredit Terre'Blanche and the far right movement in South Africa.
_	Police said that the body had been lying where it was found for about twenty-four hours and were working on the theory that she had been held captive before being killed.
_	Priddy mocks the theory that Audrey was part of a shoplifting ring, but Audrey's boyfriend hires Millhone to investigate that theory.
_	Attorney Mark Lane, author of "Rush to Judgment" and a leading proponent of the theory that the CIA was responsible for the assassination of Kennedy, represented Liberty Lobby.
_	Due to global warming and the shortening of winters, "W. smithii" has been observed to now require shorter days before going dormant, this led to the theory that this is an example of microevolutionary selection; mosquitoes that waited longer to go dormant and which had a greater fitness have been favoured.
_	A virologist noted that the symptoms induced by Mayaro virus in the New World are atypical in the New World, supporting the theory that Mayaro virus is an Old World virus that was introduced to the New World, possibly via the slave trade.
_	The patterns of data were compared to four statistical models - the "spotlight effect", based on the theory that the apparent curse is due to increased public attention on the World Champion rather than a decline in success, the "marked man" hypothesis which stipulates that the current wearer of the jersey is more closely marked by rivals during their year as champion, the "regression to the mean" model which supposes that random variation in success rates will mean that a highly successful season for a rider is likely to be followed by less successful years, and a model combining the last two theories.
_	From this point the investigation centered on the theory that, in addition to pilot error, the ultimate cause of the accident was structural problems in the management of flight operations.
_	The concept of juvenile diversion is based on the theory that processing certain youth through the juvenile justice system may do more harm than good.
_	Before the verdict was handed down, counsel assisting the coroner, John Agius, told the jury the theory that Kovco had been shot by another soldier was "no more than the last grasp of a loving mother who cannot bring herself to accept that her son was less than perfect".
_	Studies testing the relationship between intoxication and level of commitment to goals support the theory that increased goal commitment (despite level of feasibility) is a side effect of alcohol myopia.
_	Together the come to the theory that it was the divine blood in their veins that helped them find each other, that formed the crystal Anna was within, and that allowed her voice to reach him when he needed it most.
_	Thus, he developed the theory that the French aristocrats were the descendants of foreign invaders, whom he called the "Franks", while according to him, the Third Estate constituted the autochthonous, vanquished Gallo-Romans, who were dominated by the Frankish aristocracy as a consequence of the right of conquest.
_	It has further been proposed that many of the changes seen are present at the start of the disorder which gives weight to the theory that there is abnormal neurodevelopment.
_	The vocalization study focused on recordings of the acoustic behavior of "Podocnemis expansa" as both hatchlings and adult turtles, with the theory that these sounds assist in synchronised hatching and emergence, and in the hatchlings' seeking of female turtle attention to accompany them during migration.
_	The language spoken in Galilee and Judea during the 1st century amongst the common people was most frequently the Semitic Aramaic tongue, and most scholars support the theory that Jesus spoke Aramaic, although he may have also spoken Hebrew and perhaps had some fluency in Greek.
_	In the report, Powell sites empirical evidence of rain patterns that contradict the theory that Rain follows the plow, which was widely propagated by politicians, scientists, railroad corporations, and proponents of Manifest destiny.
_	Recent evidence also adds weight to the theory that Wilusa is identical to archaeological Troy.
_	"Solandra grandiflora" was once (and likely still is) used by the Huichol of Mexico and other tribes of the region where it is known by the name "kieli" or "kieri" with some archaeological evidence supporting the theory that its use as a hallucinogen predates that of "Peyote" ("Lophophora williamsii").
_	Based on primary research in Cairo, he published "The Origin of the Anwa' in Arab Tradition" in "Studia Islamica" (74:5-28, 1991), presenting the theory that the origin of the lunar station ("manazil al-qamar") concept in Arab tradition was an Islamic mixing of the zodiacal grid from India with indigenous pre-Islamic Arab folk calendars and that the system of 28 distinct markers did not exist in Arabia prior to Islam, despite the claims of later Muslim scholars.
_	Kanazawa uses the term "Savanna principle" to denote the theory that societal difficulties exist because "the human brain" evolved in Africa hundreds of thousands of years ago, a drastically different environment from today's urban, industrial society.
_	Culled from the theory that many viewers of TechTV both watched the network while using the internet, "TechTV's Hyperactive" was launched in 2004.
_	He propounds the theory that as sexual conflict results in an antagonistic co-evolution, it leads to speciation.
_	He supported the theory that the folk song enthusiasts Hubert Parry and Charles Villiers Stanford led an "English Musical Renaissance" in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, from which composers not from a Royal College elite were excluded.
_	This paternal similarity across Jewish populations is consistent with the theory that most Jewish Diaspora populations share more paternal ancestry than maternal ancestry (Thomas et al., 2002).
_	Studies by some Catholic scholars, such as the Ukrainian Roman Cholij and Christian Cochini, have argued for the theory that, in early Christian practice, married men who became priests—they were often older men, "elders"—were expected to live in complete continence, refraining permanently from sexual relations with their wives.
_	In contrast, catastrophism is the theory that Earth's features formed in single, catastrophic events and remained unchanged thereafter.
_	Genetic data also support the theory that Lp(a) causes cardiovascular disease.
_	However, a large solid object in the water was recorded, which has led to the theory that the lake is inhabited by some form of lake monster, similar to the famed "Nessie" of Loch Ness.
_	The judge further wrote, "the theory that homosexuality is a disorder is not novel but, like the notion that the earth is flat and the sun revolves around it, instead is outdated and refuted.
_	Kalvitis however denied the theory that the banning came on pressure from the Kremlin or the White House.
_	Some scholars (e.g. S. Sherratt, Drews, etc.) have challenged the theory that the Philistine culture is an immigrant culture, claiming instead that they are an "in situ" development of the Canaanite culture, but others argue for the immigrant hypothesis; for example, T. Dothan and Barako.
_	Asperger syndrome and high-functioning autism are particular targets of the theory that social factors determine what it means to be autistic.
_	Shock cooling refers to the theory that damage to engines (particularly air-cooled aviation piston engines) may occur because of an excessively rapid decrease in temperature.
_	The authors argue that their findings are consistent with the theory that "following the Civil War, Southern whites faced political and economic incentives to reinforce existing racist norms and institutions to maintain control over the newly freed African American population.
_	Researcher David Wrone dismissed the theory that Kennedy's body was surreptitiously removed from the presidential plane, stating that as is done with all cargo on airplanes for safety precautions, the coffin and lid were held by steel wrapping cables to prevent shifting during takeoff and landing and in case of air disturbances in flight.
_	After that, there is a theory that it is not phosphorus itself, but rather the spontaneous combustion of phosphine, or the theory that it is burning methane produced from the decay of the corpse, and also a theory that hydrogen sulfide is produced from the decay and becomes the source of the onibi, and also ones that would be defined in modern science as a type of plasma.
_	The physicist Yoshihiko Ōtsuki also advanced the theory that these mysterious fires are caused by plasma.
_	The effect of iomazenil of reducing levels of GABA in the brain was used by researchers to exacerbate symptoms in patients with schizophrenia in a laboratory study, supporting the theory that a GABA deficiency underlies that disease.
_	Jack Tanner, an American paleontologist working for the Natural History Museum in London, suggests the theory that a carbonized Tyrannosaurus rex skeleton on display was killed by a dragon, causing him to believe that the legends were more than myth.
_	He was also an advocate of the theory that the light emanating from the spherical Moon (as seen from Earth) was merely a reflection of sunlight.
_	Evolutionary psychology is based on the theory that human physiology and psychology are influenced by genes.
_	This theory and the theory that certain parasitic worms pacify the immune response are similar in that both theories attribute the recent rise of autoimmune diseases to the decreased levels of pathogens in developed countries.
_	It was Lepsius who proposed the theory that the accretion layer method of construction was applied to the pyramids of the Fifth and Sixth Dynasty.
_	In 1893, the Austrian geologist Eduard Suess proposed the theory that an ancient and extinct inland sea had once existed between Laurasia and the continents which formed Gondwana II.
_	Equating the wrongness of the theory that the Earth is flat with the wrongness of the theory that the Earth is a perfect sphere is "wronger than wrong".
_	The play also follows the theory that when one quickly rises to the top, one can fall just as quickly and mercilessly.
_	The parallel with Babbage's computing machines is made explicit, as allowing plausibility to the theory that transmutation of species could be pre-programmed.
_	CLC then sued the City of Cleburne on the theory that the denial of the permit violated the Fourteenth Amendment Equal Protection rights of CLC and their potential residents.
_	Warren (2014) subsequently rejected the theory that the 1789 epidemic had originated from Macassar.
_	However, in many of the Greek areas where Agiorgitiko is grown, Saint George's Day is celebrated in April or May which cast doubt on the theory that the grape's name is affiliated with the feast day.
_	Following the 9/11 attacks, Paul "opposed the federalization of airport security, the creation of the DHS and increased police state measures, but did propose legislation that would allow airline pilots to begin carrying firearms in cockpits", on the theory that "it's much harder for terrorists to commandeer an airplane when pilots can fight back."
_	Hancock proposes the theory that the ark was removed from Solomon's Temple in Jerusalem by temple priests during the reign of the evil King Manasseh of Judah around 650 BC, and then it spent about 200 years in a purpose-built temple in Elephantine, Egypt before it was removed around 470 BC to Ethiopia via tributaries to the Nile River, where it was kept on the Jewish island of Tana Qirqos for about eight hundred more years as the centre of a strong Jewish community there, before it finally came into the hands of the young Ethiopian Orthodox Church in the 5th century, who took it to their capital of Axum, and it supposedly remains there until today in the Church of Our Lady Mary of Zion.
_	In his 1986 work "The Dinosaur Heresies", Bakker puts forth the theory that dinosaurs were warm-blooded.
_	Delaney developed the theory that Sir John Piers' partner in the "diabolical wager", who was never identified, had likely been Lord Cloncurry himself, who owned land adjacent to Piers' demesne on the shores of Lough Iron.
_	Evidence in the form of giant squid stomach contents containing beak fragments from other giant squid in Tasmania also supports the theory that the species is at least occasionally cannibalistic.
_	Supporters of the theory that prairie dogs are communal breeders state that another reason for this type of infanticide is so that the female can get a possible helper.
_	This has led to the theory that the dilation is produced by a defect in the transmission of contractile force in the myocytes.
_	This later dating, however, does not fall in with the theory that the composer is the same as the chaplain Johannes Aleyn.
_	In his introduction, he ignores completely the theory that joint authorship or approbation could be a mystification.
_	They were assimilated (completely or almost completely, depending on if one believes the theory that the Bats are descended from them) by the Kartlians to speak Georgian.
_	P.W. Joyce in his "The Origin and History of Irish Names of Places", published in Dublin in 1871, dismisses as erroneous and an invention of later times, the theory that the Irish name for Buttevant meant the Church of the Curse, and cites the Four Masters noting that a Franciscan Friary was founded at "Cill na Mullach" in 1251.
_	At the beginning of the 20th century, Henry William Lovett Hime of the Royal Artillery published the theory that Bacon's "" contained a cryptogram giving a recipe for the gunpowder he witnessed.
_	This had led to the theory that wartime bombing could also be the cause of the crater.
_	In 2008, Dr. Apkarian proposed the theory that chronic pain is a form of emotional learning, which popularized the study of reward learning within the pain research field.
_	"This latest discovery of prehistoric tools and remains of hominids provides additional proof to the theory that the Great Rift Valley of Africa and perhaps the excavation site near Karonga can be considered the cradle of humankind."
_	The document elaborated by this group is based in the theory that the modern "Diablada" has roots in the ancient rituals performed 2000 years ago by the Uru civilization.
_	Gair's reputation was such that one large insurance company made it a policy to settle all cases with him out of court on the theory that trying to beat him was impossible.
_	While rejecting the idea that "Maafa 21" will have a lasting impact on African American culture, largely due to his apprehensions of the sincerity of the film's producers, Middlebrook said that he "believes the theory that Planned Parenthood may be attempting to limit black births to increase white dominance."
_	An independent technical review of the incident between August and October 1961 raised doubts regarding the theory that Grissom had blown the hatch and was responsible for the loss of the spacecraft.
_	There are allegations that the U.S. government has attempted to inflate the number of foreign fighters in order to advance the theory that the insurgency is not a local movement.
_	While this lends support to the theory that this phrase was the origin of the term "Mak'em", there is nothing to suggest that "mak'em" had come to be applied to people from Sunderland generally at such a date.
_	Another argument that has been raised is the theory that the federal income tax cannot be assessed against an individual who has not filed the related federal income tax return.
_	Craddick refused to allow House members to make a motion to "vacate the chair" on the theory that he has the power to quash such a request.
_	It is generally regarded as being the early seat of the kings of Powys before its establishment at Mathrafal, further west, but the theory that it may have been an early kingdom (or a sub-kingdom of Powys itself) has also been postulated.
_	The final chapters focus on an overall effect parasites have had on the evolution of life and the theory that it is due to parasitic infection that sexual reproduction evolved to become dominant, in contrast to previous asexual reproduction methods, due to the increased genetic variety and thus potential parasitic resistance that this would confer.
_	These items were provided on the theory that an individual "snack" was sufficient for midday meals, when there would be neither time nor opportunity to prepare the ration for group feeding.
_	From DNA records, scientists hope to confirm or deny the theory that there was interbreeding between the species.
_	Mark Lane—author of "Rush to Judgment" and "Plausible Denial" and the attorney who defended Liberty Lobby against a defamation suit brought by former CIA agent E. Howard Hunt—has been described as a leading proponent of the theory that the CIA was responsible for the assassination of Kennedy.
_	The book presents various facts, perceptions and descriptions of serial killers in a diffused way and ties the ideas together at the end while presenting the theory that the origin of a serial killer's behavior is genetic.
_	This discrepancy is a major objection to the theory that Giordano Bruno was formed at that time.
_	In June 2008, conspiracy theorist Mark Dice launched a campaign urging people to send letters and DVDs to troops stationed in Iraq which support the theory that the September 11 attacks were an "inside job".
_	He instituted a series of weekly reports that all developers had to file detailing their progress; these were communicated to the client, on the theory that "a client can get angry at us, but [they] can't be more than one week angry at us because we told [them] exactly where we were."
_	This analysis may lend weight to the theory that the custom originally began with only a hobby horse, and the horn dance component was added later, explaining why only the former was mentioned by 16th century sources.
_	Connick v. Thompson, 563 U.S. 51 (2011), is a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court considered whether a prosecutor's office can be held liable for a single "Brady" violation by one of its members on the theory that the office provided inadequate training.
_	Tertullian, in "De Spectaculis" 30, mentions that in addition to the theory that the disciples stole the body the theory that the gardener did the deed such that "his lettuces might come to no harm from the crowds of visitants [to the body]."
_	Marie is known to be extremely unlucky and accident-prone; the psychologist advises sending someone equally accident-prone to find her, on the theory that what happened to her may also happen to him, and thus, following her steps while the detective tags along, the daughter can be found and returned home.
_	He hopes to clear Sharpey's name with the police, who favour the theory that Sharpey was a double agent, perhaps allied with Communists, and that his death was the final result of his shame over betraying Great Britain.
_	Adrienne Mayor disagrees with the theory that prehistoric dwarf elephant skulls were supposedly discovered by the ancient Greek philosopher Empedocles.
_	Following the influence of René Descartes and his ideas regarding the split between body and mind, in 1884 William James proposed the theory that it is not that the human body acts in response to our emotional state, as common sense might suggest, but rather, we interpret our emotions on the basis of our already present bodily state.
_	Operating under the theory that American Westerners use roadways much in the same way that American Easterners use subways, the developers of the program reasoned that lawlessness on the roadways had much the same effect as it did on the New York City Subway.
_	As a result of his explorations, Stephens argued convincingly that the Mayans built the ancient Central American cities in contrast to the theory that ethnic groups from European or Asian civilizations had built them.
_	Geoffrey Blainey, Leonie Sandercock, Ian Turner and Sean Fagan have all written in support for the theory that the primary influence was rugby football and other games emanating from English public schools.
_	The show is based on the theory that there is an alternate universe where every classic fairy tale character (new and old) exists—a world that has a loose connection to our world.
_	The article brought together three separate bodies of scientific evidence to support the theory that lifestyle and environment, and not genes, are the important determinants of most common western diseases.
_	This revelation reinforces the theory that the former president was poisoned.
_	Senior Pakistani officials disseminated the theory that no firefight ever took place, and that whoever the U.S. forces captured, they executed him outside the compound, and took his body away on a helicopter.
_	As a result of a series of field and laboratory experiments dating back 15 years--conducted primarily by seismologists, geochemists, mineralogists and geophysicists--the theory that water is produced deep within the planet and is an addition to the hydrologic cycle has now been proven (2017):
_	Gallicanism was the theory that the power of monarchs is independent of the power of popes, and that the church of each country should be under the joint control of the pope and the monarch.
_	Since then, general relativity has been acknowledged as the theory that best explains gravity.
_	It purported to distinguish Gould on the theory that AB 1889 does not make employer neutrality a condition for receiving funds, but instead restricts only the use of funds.
_	The bill directed that In the science standards, all references to "evolution" and "how species change through time" would be modified to indicate that this is an unproven theory, by adding the phrase "all students will explain the competing theories of evolution and natural selection based on random mutation and the theory that life is the result of the purposeful, intelligent design of a creator."
_	And in the science standards for middle and high school, the bill directed all references to "evolution" and "natural selection" would be modified to indicate that these are unproven theories, by adding the phrase "explain the competing theories of evolution and natural selection based on random mutation and the theory that life is the result of the purposeful, intelligent design of a creator."
_	McDougall had defended the theory that mind and the brain are distinct but interact with each other though he was not a dualist or a monist as he believed his theory of animism would replace both the philosophical views of dualism and monism.
_	The STAI is based on the theory that there are two distinct aspects of anxiety.
_	Some of the book's concepts were controversial at that time, including the theory that nutrition plays a role in some forms of cancer.
_	Empirically, the over-representation of extremely tall athletes in basketball lends credence to the theory that the sport provides tall players with a very significant advantage.
_	His opinion also considers the theory that Borland's use of the Lotus menu is "privileged".
_	No national environmental group has ever bid in the annual EPA Auction, but a small number of local groups have participated for many years, apparently on the theory that reducing the supply of allowances may someday drive up the price of acquiring them.
_	This established the theory that Cap Lathrop was really behind the publication, but didn't wish to have his name formally associated with it, unlike his other newspapers such as the "Fairbanks Daily News-Miner".
_	In gravity-mediated supersymmetry-breaking models, there is a part of the theory that only interacts with the MSSM through gravitational interaction.
_	Bhrigu, in the Epics, for example, presents the theory that dharma does not require any varnas.
_	Meyer Friedman (July 13, 1910–April 27, 2001) was an American cardiologist who developed, with colleague R.H. Rosenman, the theory that the "Type A" behavior of chronically angry and impatient people raises their risk of heart attacks.
_	Some critics use this working title to support the theory that, while there are many different voices (speakers) in the poem, there is only one central consciousness.
_	I have no faith in the theory that dull men are better teachers than bright men.
_	Sieghard Brandenburg has put forward the theory that Beethoven had originally planned a two-movement sonata, omitting the first movement.
_	Enif has been observed to brighten radically upon a few occasions, giving rise to the theory that it (and possibly other supergiants) erupt in massive flares that dwarf those of the Sun.
_	Semiotics operates under the theory that an image can only be understood from the viewer’s perspective.
_	Security interests have to be publicly registered, on the theory that transparency will assist commercial creditors in understanding a company's financial position before they contract.
_	This helped disprove the theory that they were killed on the front seats.
_	It supports the theory that "Amborella" branched off from the main lineage of angiosperms before the ancestors of any other living angiosperms.
_	There is the theory that its purpose may have been a mirror handle.
_	Geoffrey Blainey, Leonie Sandercock, Ian Turner and Sean Fagan have all written in support for the theory that the primary influence on the game was rugby football and other games emanating from English public schools.
_	The court affirmed the position of the USPTO and rejected the theory that a "method of doing business" was excluded subject matter.
_	In his last book, published posthumously in 1977, "L'Homme précaire et la littérature", Malraux propounded the theory that there was a "bibliothèque imaginaire" where writers created works that influenced subsequent writers much as painters learned their craft by studying the old masters; once they have understood the work of the old masters, writers would sally forth with the knowledge gained to create new works that added to the growing and never-ending "bibliothèque imaginaire".
_	Though this may be true, the theory that increasing the proportions of the token groups would alleviate the issue should not be in any way discounted.
_	This not only supports the theory that Pangean climate was dominated by the monsoon, but also aids in the study of it, providing paleoclimatologists with a present-day example to which they can compare their findings.
_	Given Rico's skill with a firearm, Joe would later posit the theory that Rico was trying to commit suicide by cop out of a deep disgust at what he had become, rather than trying to kill him.
_	If the theory that connects these two Juvenals is correct, then the inscription does show that Juvenal's family was reasonably wealthy, and that, if the poet really was the son of a foreign freedman, then his descendants assimilated into the Roman class structure more quickly than typical.
_	Furthermore, the existing theory that because juvenile needlefish pass through a developmental stage where the lower jaw is longer than the upper jaw (the so-called "halfbeak stage") the theory that halfbeaks are paedomorphic needlefish is untenable.
_	Mentuhotep IV's absence from the king lists has prompted the theory that Amenemhet I usurped his throne.
_	Stela 12 itself is aligned with Stela 14, a niche monument installed by Yo'nal Ahk III, and thus the theory that Stela 12 was purposely emulating the niche style gains more ground.
_	He proposed the theory that the opposition to the emperors in the 1st century was predominantly led by Stoics who opposed the arbitrary use of power in favour of a coherent philosophical rule.
_	After outlining the various aspects of the contact, Staal posits the theory that the idea of formal rules in language, first proposed by de Saussure in 1894, and finally developed by Chomsky in 1957, based on which formal rules were also introduced in computational languages, may indeed lie in the European exposure to the formal rules of Paninian grammar.
_	Some scholars favor the theory that the cryptic text Nyaya-sutras was expanded over time by multiple authors, with the earliest layer from about mid-first millennium BCE that was composed by Gautama.
_	This led to the entry of certain concepts about dinosaurs, such as the theory that dinosaurs evolved into birds and had very little in common with lizards.
_	Psychological pricing (also price ending, charm pricing) is a pricing and marketing strategy based on the theory that certain prices have a psychological impact.
_	Robert Thomas Bakker (born March 24, 1945) is an American paleontologist who helped reshape modern theories about dinosaurs, particularly by adding support to the theory that some dinosaurs were endothermic (warm-blooded).
_	Albert Victor's posthumous reputation became so bad that in 1964 Philip Magnus called his death a "merciful act of providence", supporting the theory that his death removed an unsuitable heir to the throne and replaced him with the reliable and sober George V.
_	Keppel initiated the famous 1944 study of race relations in the United States by the Swedish social economist Gunnar Myrdal, deliberately appointing, during 1937, an "outsider" and a non-American to manage the study on the theory that the task should be performed by someone unencumbered by traditional attitudes or earlier conclusions.
_	Although modern cladistic analyses have abandoned the order Thecodontia, they have also supported the theory that "Lotosaurus" was a distant relative of ctenosauriscids.
_	Quire advances the theory that Idie has fallen in love with Broo pre-trauma.
_	Educational and architectural planning for Cañada was accomplished in 1964-66 and proceeded on the theory that a first phase for at least 2,000 students should be designed to permit expansion ultimately to 8,000 day students.
_	This seemingly fits with the theory that the scroll(s) was a product of the Essenes, a Jewish sect, first mentioned by Pliny the Elder in his "Natural History," and later by Josephus and Philo Judaeus.
_	They are connected with (1) the limitation of the universe in respect of space and time, (2) the theory that the whole consists of indivisible atoms (whereas, in fact, none such exist), (3) the problem of free will in relation to universal causality, and (4) the existence of a necessary being.
_	Millan offered suggestions on how the owners could become their pet's "pack leader," consistent with the theory that dogs are pack animals.
_	This contradicts the theory that the reproductive skew seen in "V. germanica" is part of an evolutionary strategy of males due to asymmetries in relatedness.
_	This led to the theory that the pair had been siblings being disproved; the testing showed that they were not genetically related, though they did resemble each other.
_	It is based on the theory that everyone on earth can come into contact with everyone else via relationships with six other people.
_	He was best known for his advocacy of group selection, the theory that natural selection acts at the level of the group.
_	Second, it also poses a problem for the theory that Dionysius was a staunch supporter of Laurence's camp in the Symmachan-Laurentian conflict several years previous.
_	In his "The Final Days of Jesus: The Archaeological Evidence" (2009) he advanced the theory that Jesus was killed for acts of healing.
_	Recent DNA profiling shows that Favorita is related to the Liguria grapes Pigato and Vermentino, which may support the theory that the grape originated there.
_	Along with Keith Parsons making 57 off 28, they made a dent in the theory that spinners are useful in Twenty20 cricket, as experienced off-spinner Robert Croft was dispatched for 50 runs in four overs.
_	According to the University of Kansas, he "has been a leading opponent of the theory that birds are 'living dinosaurs.'"
_	Intelligence gathered supported the theory that Dinar was going to invade Sudan, so in March 1916 Wingate ordered Kelly to cross the border and occupy Jebel el Hella and Um Shanga.
_	This can be due to incidental systematic error or flaws in the theory that generated an assumed family of probability distributions, or it may be that some observations are far from the center of the data.
_	Her fossils were also found near animal remains which indicated that she inhabited a forest type of environment, contrary to the theory that bipedalism originated in savannahs.
_	Stolze accordingly started the theory that the royal castle of Persepolis stood close by Naqsh-e Rustam, and has sunk in course of time to shapeless heaps of earth, under which the remains may be concealed.
_	Working under the theory that some sort of label-affiliation would be better than self-releasing, Van Arman started Jagjaguwar.
_	However, some critics argue that applying the subsidiarity principle to the CFP may not improve the policy's effectiveness, as it may lead to what de Vivero "et al." term the "participation paradox"—the theory that the greater the number of actors involved in the decision-making process, the less significant the contribution made by each actor, and the smaller the participatory role played in the policy process.
_	"Sophia" had been equipped with extra flotation devices, on the theory that people could cling to these in the water awaiting rescue.
_	The case was prosecuted by Nikolai Krylenko, an exponent of the theory that political considerations rather than criminal guilt should decide a case's outcome.
_	After experimenting and studying traditional sharpies and the writings of small-boat historian Howard I. Chapelle and others, he developed the theory that the optimum chine line for a sailing sharpie should represent a regular curve without breaks, changes in radius or straight sections.
_	An extinct ridge exists in western Iceland, leading to the theory that the plume has shifted east with time.
_	The Indian Army Chief in 1971, Field Marshal Sam Manekshaw, had the highest respect for the fighting capability of the Pakistan Army, and he did not accept the theory that they did not fight the war with enough vigour and zeal.
_	Goodsir was not alone in postulating such a concept and the theory that cells form the basic structure of tissues in all plants and animals has been attributed to Matthius Schleiden and to Theodor Schwann.
_	Detection of such motion is used to support the theory that quasars, BL Lacertae objects and radio galaxies may all be the same phenomenon, known as active galaxies, viewed from different perspectives.
_	The literary aspects in this book are the social description of characters as Lozana and Rampin, the defense of the Jews (in a historic moment when an intolerant attitude against them, as well as Muslims, had begun in Spain; also supported by the theory that makes Francisco Delicado a converso).
_	Jackie Washington had attempted to call his co-defendant as a witness, but was blocked by Texas courts because state law prevented co-defendants from testifying for each other, under the theory that they would be likely to lie for each other on the stand.
_	Contrary to some claims, no evidence supports the theory that she underwent a hysterectomy or a mastectomy.
_	Shirani is credited with the theory that says Urdu was born in Punjab.
_	This is due to the fact that Jiah returns to the apartment suddenly, disproving the theory that she was murdered by Manu, something of which Mehak was convinced.
_	This benefit is based in the theory that not voting for other parties and for independents and that third parties and independent candidates themselves declining to run, means to avoid "wasting votes" or splitting the vote causing an election result not wanted.
_	During his post-doctoral years in the US, Chattopadhyay worked on the "regulatory switch of seedling development in plant" and propounded the theory that the first transcription factor of light signaling pathways which interacted with COP1 was "HY5".
_	This leads to the theory that the tanuki war was based on a battle for these sands between the two sides of the Katsuura River.
_	The presence of a Doric state (Doris) in central Greece, north of the Gulf of Corinth, led to the theory that Doric had originated in northwest Greece or maybe beyond in the Balkans.
_	A late copy of an inscription on a bronze statue from Ur, begins “When Anu and Enlil looked with steady favour on Adad-šuma-uṣur, the shepherd who pleased their heart, at that time Marduk, the great lord, named his name as ruler of (all) land[s],” supporting the theory that he reigned in Uruk and Nippur before being appointed by Marduk in Babylon.
_	The study has been used to support the theory that false memories of traumatic sexual abuse can be implanted in a patient by therapists.
_	An alternative to the ensemble hypothesis is the theory that there exist highly specialized neurons that serve as the mechanism of neuronal encoding.
_	Taking as its point of departure the theory that perception is composed of sensation and experience (Viktor von Weizsäcker), CMT is interested in the conscious perception of the body in the "here and now" against the background of the individual life and learning story.
_	Interlanguage is based on the theory that there is a dormant psychological framework in the human brain that is activated when one attempts to learn a second language.
_	He was the first to propose the theory that diphthongs were a transitional stage between Old Ukrainian o, e, and Modern Ukrainian i.
_	In 1966, "Esquire" magazine credited Feldman with "advanc[ing] the theory that there were two assassins: one on the grassy knoll and one in the Book Depository".
_	Palenque-style architecture was apparently superimposed on the local buildings, giving further credence to the theory that Comalcalco was conquered by Palenque's B'aakal kingdom and perhaps even became a successor state.
_	Improvised movement is based on embodied cognition, the theory that the body reveals the nature of the mind, motor cognition, that cognition is embodied in action, social cognition, dancers' understanding of others' actions and emotions, and situated cognition, that knowing is inseparable from action.
_	Ryle admits that his approach to the theory of mind is behavioristic in being opposed to the theory that there are hidden mental processes that are distinct from observable behaviors.
_	They promoted the theory that evolution had placed within creatures innate abilities and responses to certain stimuli that advanced the thriving of the species.
_	"Les Pamphlets de Valdombre" also first advanced the theory that publisher and literary critic Louis Dantin was the real author of the poetry of Émile Nelligan; although the claim was widely derided and denied by Dantin himself, it was later readvanced by literary historian Yvette Francoli in her 2013 book "Le naufragé du Vaisseau d’or".
_	The liturgy of the early Church as Duchesne shows was influenced by that of the Jewish synagogue, but the theory that the Church's processions were directly related to the Old Testament ritual is of late origin.
_	This supports the theory that novel functions must find a neuronal niche, with existing cortical areas capable of supporting the function.
_	Loch, nevertheless, also subscribed to the theory that clearance was beneficial for the tenants as much as for the estate.
_	It is based on the theory that people experience emotions as overlapping and ambiguous.
_	The police formed the theory that a mackintosh, which was inexplicably found under Julia's corpse, had been used by a naked Wallace to shield himself from blood spatter while committing the crime.
_	Paleontologists who support the theory that Jane represents a juvenile believe the tyrannosaur was approximately 11 years old at its time of death, and its fully restored skeleton measured 6.5 metres (21.3 ft) long, a bit more than half as long as the largest known complete "T. rex" specimen, nicknamed "Sue," which measures 12.3 m (40.4 ft) long.
_	Some tax protesters have cited the U.S. Supreme Court decision in the case of "Eisner v. Macomber" for the theory that wages are not taxable, or for the theory that dividends are not taxable.
_	The financial crisis was triggered by a complex interplay of policies that encouraged home ownership, providing easier access to loans for subprime borrowers; overvaluation of bundled subprime mortgages based on the theory that housing prices would continue to escalate; questionable trading practices on behalf of both buyers and sellers; compensation structures that prioritize short-term deal flow over long-term value creation; and a lack of adequate capital holdings from banks and insurance companies to back the financial commitments they were making.
_	Reparagen is a joint health product that scientists at Albany Medical College ran clinical trials on to test the theory that the combination of Uncaria guianensis and Lepidium meyenii can turn on Insulin-like growth factor
_	Adaptive Control of Thought-Rational is based on the theory that the brain consists of several modules which perform specialized functions separate of each other.
_	The mixed evidence shows that although there is some support to the theory that the more interracial contact a person has the better a person is at cross-race recognition, all the evidence gathered does not come to the same conclusion.
_	Phenomenalism is the theory that representations (or sense data) of external objects are all that exist.
_	The Billiards and Snooker Federation of India (BFSI) states that Ooty is "the most credible birthplace for the game of Snooker", however, the federation rejects the theory that the game was already established in Ooty.
_	Many Evangelical Christian groups (which have their origin in c. 1730 England) do not accept the theory that the Christian Bible was not known until various local and Ecumenical Councils, which they deem to be "Roman-dominated", made their official declarations.
_	Braid coined the term "mono-ideodynamic" to refer to the theory that hypnotism operates by concentrating attention on a single idea in order to amplify the ideo-dynamic reflex response.
_	This leads to the theory that his job was the same as Mycroft Holmes, a human super computer, specialising in omniscience.
_	Many Imperial scholars prefer the theory that the bluish-grey skin is an adaptive response to the frequent volcanic eruptions on Vvardenfell.
_	Political lesbianism embraces the theory that sexual orientation is a choice, and advocates lesbianism as a positive alternative to heterosexuality for women.
_	Dover Wilson further argues that the theory that "Titus and Vespasian" is "Titus Andronicus" probably originated in an 1865 English translation of a 1620 German translation of "Titus", in which Lucius had been renamed Vespasian.
_	The possibilities whether dinosaurs were active, warm-blooded animals, had parental care, and the theory that they are the ancestors to birds are featured.
_	It is significant that the El Paraiso people were maritime-adapted because the finds on the site provide the first direct evidence for the theory that the early civilization of Peru was founded on seafood resources and not upon domesticated plants and animals.
_	Ryle criticizes the theory that the mind is a place where mental images are apprehended, perceived, or remembered.
_	He instead put forward the theory that Reeser had been murdered at another location.
_	This contradicts the theory that "Kera" is from "coconut tree".
_	American philosopher Lewis White Beck takes Kant's argument to be a refutation of the theory that morality depends of divine authority.
_	White prevailed under California law on the theory that although Samsung had not used her name or likeness.
_	Arthur Christensen, one of the first proponents of the theory that Zurvanism was the state religion of the Sassanids, suggested that the rejection of Zurvanism in the post-conquest epoch was a response and reaction to the new authority of Islamic monotheism that brought about a deliberate reform of Zoroastrianism that aimed to establish a stronger orthodoxy (Boyce, 1957:305).
_	The discovery of this fossil is important as it helped solidify the theory that whales shared a common ancestor with Artiodactyla.
_	Influenced by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, he formed the theory that a language is an organism, with periods of development, maturity and decline.
_	Joseph von Laßberg also presents the theory that the tower was built on the site of an earlier destroyed castle.
_	Due to a continuing lack of substantive artefacts, the theory that the Norse explorers had settled along the Charles River went from controversial to unsustainable in Horsford's own lifetime, and serious scholars interested in the subject looked elsewhere in North America for such traces.
_	While the two authors did write the works in question, the theory that they did so in contention with each other is supported only circumstantially, by the resemblance and publication dates of the works themselves.
_	The documentary disputes the conclusion reached by the official investigation into the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103, instead advancing the theory that the bomb was introduced onto the aircraft by an unwitting drug mule, Khaled Jafaar, in what the filmmaker claims is a CIA-protected suitcase.
_	On public perceptions, Pauline Marois also raised the theory that her campaign was hurt by the fact that she is female.
_	The Reserve Militia was last enrolled in 1873 (but never called out), deferred thereafter, and the theory that every able-bodied man was liable for service was finally abolished in 1950.
_	He also asserted that the island should be used to test the theory that better methods of cultivation in land would lessen the need for slaves.
_	The structure, as well as the activity, of the Rho protein is similar to that of the F subunit of ATP synthase, supporting the theory that the two share an evolutionary link.
_	Erzberger argued the Codetermination Act 1976 violated EU law by not enabling non-German workers to vote, on the theory that people would be deterred from moving from one member state to another within a country if they might lose voting rights.
_	Other physics ideas Renooz espoused included the theory that perturbations on Mars were caused by incandescence.
_	The team felt that Willie should be "goofy and fun-loving, and never talk"; the character's muteness was based on the theory that voices for video game characters were always "lame, negative, and distracted from identification with them."
_	Skottun and Skoyles found several potential holes in the theory that the percept of phantom contours represents magnocellular activity, and the percept of surface characteristics represents parvocellular activity.
_	Modern historians, led by Oswald Balzer (in 1895), refuted the Kievan origin and name of Bolesław II's wife and exposed the theory that his wife was the Queen Agnes ("Agnes Regina") whose obituary is recorded in Zwiefalten; is also believed that she belonged to the Přemyslid dynasty.
_	After all, Loyau was not alone in practically applying the theory that a man's biography should depend on the numbers of the copies of the biographical work bought by him.
_	In fact, there is no known published documentation from that era to support the theory that such a voyage took place.
_	English common law has the rationale of natural-born citizenship, following the principle of jus soli, in the theory that people born within the dominion of The Crown, which included self-governing dominions and Crown colonies, would have a "natural allegiance" to the crown as a "debt of gratitude" to the crown for protecting them through infancy.
_	In his books "The Sacred Mushroom and the Cross" (1970) and "The Dead Sea Scrolls and the Christian Myth" (1979), the British archaeologist and philologist John M. Allegro advanced the theory that stories of early Christianity originated in a shamanistic Essene clandestine cult centered around the use of hallucinogenic mushrooms.
_	Although some children with autism also have gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms, there is a lack of published rigorous data to support the theory that autistic children have more or different GI symptoms than usual; studies report conflicting results, and the relationship between GI problems and ASD is unclear.
_	The fact that many of these "sídhe" have been found to be ancient burial mounds has contributed to the theory that the "aos sí" were the pre-Celtic occupants of Ireland.
_	The dog seemed to produce these white puppies regardless of the sire to which she was bred, and after drowning over 20 of these offspring, he came upon the theory that it was an ancient trait of the Scottish Terrier that was trying to reappear.
_	This intervention was developed from "infant–parent psychotherapy", a psychoanalytic approach to treating disturbed infant–parent relationships based on the theory that disturbances are manifestations of unresolved conflicts in the parent's past relationships.
_	Mao Zedong developed the theory that the Soviet Union was a social imperialist nation, a socialist people with tendencies to imperialism, an important aspect of Maoist analysis of the history of the Soviet Union.
_	Geoffrey Blainey, Leonie Sandercock, Ian Turner and Sean Fagan have all written in support for the theory that rugby football was one of the primary influences on Australian rules football along with other games emanating from English public schools.
_	Although they contain no genetic material, these protocells absorb fuel and react to their environment as well as each other, which among other factors contribute to the theory that this "model could be considered as a type of primitive life that could have been possible on the early Earth."
_	In economics, the demand-pull theory is the theory that inflation occurs when demand for goods and services exceeds existing supplies.
_	The tombs' proximity to the pyramids and the manner of burial supports the theory that they were paid laborers who took great pride in their work and were not slaves, as was previously thought.
_	Disch proffers the theory that Wallace penned "Ben-Hur", in part, to assuage his guilt over his part in the execution of Mary Surratt.
_	Desmond's Illinois death certificate provides some evidence to support the theory that Desmond was the author "Ragnar Redbeard", as the name of deceased is listed as "Arthur Desmond, alias Richard Thurland".
_	In the first of those books, he argued against the theory that St Thomas the Apostle had preached in India, explaining the assertion as an example of a tradition migrating with the people who believed in it, the Nestorians.
_	The French Communist Party promoted the theory that the Drummonds were murdered due to fierce battles being fought at that time in the Basse-Alpes area between the British and American secret services.
_	The journalist Jerry Langton dismissed the theory that Stadnick had advance knowledge of Operation Springtime, stating if Stadnick did know then he would have gone to a country with no extradition treaty with Canada like Brazil rather than Jamaica, which does.
_	The scientific evidence as determined by a systematic review of 54 previously published, peer-reviewed instances lends support to the theory that syphilis was unknown in Europe until Columbus returned from the Americas.
_	If the theory that the Sherden moved to Sardinia only after their defeat around 1178–1175 BCE by Ramesses III is true, then it could be inferred from this that the finds in Sardinia are survivals of earlier types of weapons and armour.
_	As the FBI's contention that the bombing was an accidental detonation was shown to be completely implausible in the face of physical evidence, the theory that the assailant was related to the FBI gained currency.
_	Within a year of the bombing, Bari developed the theory that the bomber was an acquaintance of hers whom she suspected of being an FBI informant.
_	That theory prejudiced investigators who had been taught at the bomb school in favor of the theory that the bomb in Bari's car was being knowingly transported.
_	This has given rise to the theory that both the amphi-American "Himantura" and the river stingrays are descended from euryhaline ancestors living along the northern coast of South America prior to the formation of the Isthmus of Panama.
_	The lack of early Middle Ages ruins confirms the theory that with the fall of the Antic age, Lumbarda was all but abandoned (and later resettled).
_	For example, the 18th-century sinologist Joseph de Guignes assigned macrohistorical importance to such walls when he advanced the theory that the Qin construction forced the Xiongnu to migrate west to Europe and, becoming known as the Huns, ultimately contributed to the decline of the Roman Empire.
_	Backing the theory that the Dvals were Nakh includes numerous sources.
_	The French historian Georges de Manteyer advanced the theory that Burchard created the counties of Maurienne and Albon out of the Viennois and enfeoffed them to the families that would be the Savoyards and Dauphins in 1023.
_	Bi are set forth the theory that everything, including yin and yang and the virtue of the sage, “have their roots" in "wu" (nothingness, negativity, not-being).
_	He helped develop supporting evidence for the theory that the ginkgo's characteristic vile–smelling fruits are a mechanism to attract ingestion by carnivores, aiding the tree's propagation via scat, and developed experiments confirming that all aspects of the ginkgo’s sexual reproductive cycle are strongly influenced by temperature.
_	Franjo Kuhac, who attributed many tunes in Haydn's music to Croatian folk music, went further than this and advanced the theory that Haydn knew so many Croatian folk tunes because he was himself Croatian; that is to say, a member of the Croatian ethnic minority residing in eastern Austria.
_	If you follow this theory, you will not be able to get back and forth with the theory that you married hundreds of daughters of King Muryong.
_	Bittner established the theory that a cancerous agent, or "milk factor", could be transmitted by cancerous mothers to young mice from a virus in their mother's milk.
_	The cloak might have been a depiction of an animal skin, giving credence to the theory that the giant was a depiction of a hunter, or alternatively, Hercules with the skin of the Nemean lion over his arm.
_	A fellow journalist at "Il Manifesto" claimed that the theory that this was murder attempt by the US forces in order to discourage further hostage-rescue attempts could not be dismissed out of hand.
_	The arc-shaped arrangement of these columns implicates the theory that man is an integral part of nature.
_	His treatment of his patients being based on the theory that alcohol is essentially a poison, that it cannot be considered as food, and should be used only in exceptional cases and under the advice of a physician.
_	In this article Mendenhall mentioned the possible relevance of this technique to the Shakespeare authorship question, and several years later the idea was picked up by a supporter of the theory that Sir Francis Bacon was the true author of the works usually attributed to Shakespeare.
_	However, the work of Brunt has thrown doubt on the theory that the Roman principate ever had a highly-structured equestrian administrative service such as that envisaged by Pflaum and others and, in the light of this, it is possible to propose that Aelianus might have gone on from the command of a legion to a ducenarian procuratorship in the later 260s.
_	Luke puts forward to a grief-stricken and maddened Wade the theory that it acted in revenge for the insults hurled on it by Lauren and notes it cannot enter hallowed ground.
_	Although claims have been made for chiropractic care, under the theory that treating subluxations in the spine may decrease symptoms, a 2006 systematic review found that overall no evidence suggests that spinal manipulation is effective for treatment of primary and secondary dysmenorrhea.
_	But, after a few days, the theory that he had been kidnapped gained weight among the authorities.
_	His 1963 book "Lincoln and the First Shot" seeks to dispel many myths about Lincoln, including the theory that some of the members of his Cabinet were in on the assassination conspiracy.
_	As some of the songs plainly refer to incidents that took place in Scotland about 1540, the theory that these were circulated as broadsheets is not unreasonable.
_	Her case presented an ideal opportunity to test the theory that a nurturing environment could somehow make up for the total lack of language past the age of 12.
_	Most scholars support the theory that Jesus spoke Aramaic and that he may have also spoken Hebrew and Greek.
_	Counsel for the Vacuum Oil Co. explained that it was almost impossible for water to be introduced to an aircraft during refuelling, and vigorously rejected the theory that water in the fuel contributed to the crash.
_	These transitional fossils suggest a worldwide evolutionary event, and support the theory that "Otodus" eventually evolved into "Otodus aksuaticus" and thus initiated the "Carcharocles" lineage.
_	Reporter Dane Edwards spread the theory that the government was testing cattle parts to develop biological weapons to use in Vietnam, going so far as to write to Floyd K. Haskell during his investigation to accuse agents of threatening him into silence.
_	While more examples of male relationships exist, some stories refer to women's desires, supporting the theory that some women may have been involved in "aikāne" relationships as well.
_	World Vision operates on the theory that by changing the lives of children, the child sponsorship program facilitates overall growth and development in the community, as it helps communities to build a better future through empowerment, education, income generation, and self-sufficiency.
_	It is estimated that only 25% of males with X-linked hydrocephalus have aqueductal stenosis, which supports the theory that the stenosis may sometimes be a symptom of hydrocephalus.
_	Beginning July 2016, Tate Modern conducted a retrospective of more than 100 of O'Keeffe's work, in part to provide additional views to the theory that her paintings are depictions of female genitalia.
_	The dive helped disprove the theory that the was off Cape Moreton near Brisbane.
_	This leads on to a discussion of some of the earliest archaeological evidence for the Neolithic, at Nevalı Çori and Göbekli Tepe, both in Southeastern Turkey, referring to the theory that the ritual beliefs practiced here resulted in the development of agriculture.
_	In fact, the theory that was criticized by them was not relativity at all, but rather a caricature of it.
_	Churchland have expressed both scientific and philosophical objections to the theory that mirror neurons are responsible for understanding the intentions of others.
_	Sheridan decides to test the theory that telepaths can harm Shadow vessels.
_	He also posits the theory that group selection directs evolutionary change through collective information processing.
_	An article written by Thomas DiLorenzo and published by the Cato Institute suggests that while a company might be able to successfully price other firms out of the market, there is no evidence to support the theory that the virtual monopoly could then raise prices since other firms would rapidly be able to enter the market and compete.
_	The Nichiren Shōshū school and for a while the Soka Gakkai organization before its 1991 excommunication, have supported the theory that Nichiren inscribed the Dai-Gohonzon on the twelfth day of the tenth month, 1279 (Japanese: Ko-an).
_	Abstractionism is the theory that the mind obtains some or all of its concepts by abstracting them from concepts it already has, or from experience.
_	Another issue is opposition to campus "security fees" that some campuses impose on organizations hosting controversial or unpopular speakers on the theory that they should pay for extra security the colleges deem necessary due to the likelihood of demonstrations and disruption of the events.
_	Banks under the Atlanta Fed had a lower failure rate than those under the St. Louis Fed, lending credence to the theory that the panic was largely an issue of liquidity rather than solvency.
_	Panassié was also an advocate of the theory that jazz was a primal expression of the black American experience and that white musicians, or black musicians who became interested in more sophisticated musical ideas, were generally incapable of expressing its core values.
_	The boat was an estimated from the shore when he made the attempt to swim to safety, supporting the theory that he died from exposure, exhaustion, and/or drowning.
_	In 2006, training materials obtained by U.S. intelligence showed that insurgent snipers fighting in Iraq were urged to single out and attack engineers, medics, and chaplains on the theory that those casualties would demoralize entire enemy units.
_	In contrast, Wael Hallaq sees it as a legacy of colonialism: changing family laws would have provided no benefit in colonial administration, and colonial powers promoted the theory that these laws were sacred to the population, advertising their preservation as a mark of respect, which in turn led to them being taken up as a point of reference in modern Muslim identity politics.
_	Many pieces of evidence are brought together to support the theory that the formation of continental crust must have started with the subduction of hot oceanic crust.
_	In fact, Almack appears to have been of Yorkshire origin, and the theory that this was an assumed name is undoubtedly false.
_	That "Harey Vj" is "not" a lost play, however, seems to be confirmed by a reference in Thomas Nashe's "Piers Penniless his Supplication to the Devil" (entered into the Stationers' Register on 8 August 1592), which supports the theory that "Harey Vj" is "1 Henry VI".
_	Eddy put forth the theory that some of the wheels had astronomical significance, where spokes on a wheel could be pointing to certain stars, as well as sunrise or sunset, at a certain time of the year, suggesting that the wheels were a way to mark certain days of the year.
_	Humorist Will Rogers referred to the theory that cutting taxes for higher earners and businesses was a "trickle down" policy, a term that has stuck over the years.
_	This variation is compatible with the theory that ionisation is due to the sun’s influence.
_	An informant at the Manila Police District divulged that the suspected murderer is theorized to have been pressured by Mitra and Cruzin, who knew the casino attacker, to repay his debt, fueling the theory that they were murdered by the same casino gunman and the killing was motivated by similar reasons as with the casino attack.
_	These scholars further support the theory that the difference in last names in the early Goguryeo rulers is due to a shift in power among the Five Noble Families.
_	Much evidence from neuroimaging techniques has supported the theory that the right hemisphere of people who stutter interferes with left-hemisphere speech production.
_	Yallop proposes the theory that the pope was in "potential danger" because of corruption in the Istituto per le Opere Religiose (IOR, Institute of Religious Works, the Vatican's most powerful financial institution, commonly known as the Vatican Bank), which owned many shares in Banco Ambrosiano.
_	Pathoclisis (from "-clisis" meaning "predisposition" in Ancient Greek) is the theory that certain specialized parts of the brain are the first to be damaged in the case of disease, lack of oxygen, or malnutrition.
_	In 1938 Walter Karl Zülch published the theory that Grünewald and his partner Nithart/Gothardt were the same person; this Nithart/Gothardt was a painter, engineer, and "water artist" born in Würzburg in the 1460s or maybe 1470s and probably dying in 1528.
_	Another option for a Utopian society can be found in robotocracy, or the rule of Robots or Computers, with the theory that a programmed machine can dispassionately provide for the welfare of all.
_	It could lend credence to the theory that the Huns were in fact descendants of the Northern Xiongnu who migrated westward, or that the Huns were using a name borrowed from the Northern Xiongnu, or that these Xiongnu made up part of the Hun confederation.
_	The show also looks at the theory that it was the computer at fault, not the pilots- because the flight's altitude had fallen below 100ft, the plane's computers automatically believed the flight was landing and therefore it would not allow any drastic maneuvers from either pilots.
_	To correspond with the natural-science conceptions of laws, and to look at, or apply various historical material where you gather your resources in order to prove the theory that is applied.
_	He was especially interested in the theory that decadence had led to the collapse of Rome.
_	Sentiocentrism describes the theory that sentient individuals are the center of moral concern.
_	Its findings were consistent with earlier results based on mtDNA and Y-chromosonal DNA that support the theory that modern Iberians (Spanish and Portuguese) hold the most ancient European genetic ancestry, as well as separating Basques and Sami from other European populations.
_	So, on the theory that a sitting Vice President couldn't be indicted, at least while an impeachment proceeding was going on, Agnew asked the House to start one in a letter dated September 15, 1973.
_	During the investigation and ensuing trial, Stallings's defense attorney wanted to introduce the theory that Ryan had died of MMA, but the prosecutor, George B. McElroy, considered the sibling's diagnosis irrelevant to Ryan's death and the judge, Gary Kramer, would not allow him to advance the theory without any evidence that Ryan was actually affected by MMA.
_	In his studies on human physiognomy Sailer put forth the theory that a new ideal of beauty was established in the thirties and forties of the twentieth century and that this ideal is the face that protrudes forward, called “Anteface” and its extreme version "Hyperanteface".
_	The site was featured on an episode of the American History Channel TV series "Secrets of the Ancient World" which aired on January 14, 2002, in which Boston University archaeology professor Curtis Runnels refuted the theory that it was built by Celts in ancient history.
_	Christopher, a bookish young man with a stammer, says that he hardly knew his stepmother, but fully supports the theory that his father did the murder, as he was jealous and spiteful.
_	There is also the theory that the name originates from the Ainu language, as with several other place names in the Noto area.
_	In 2001, Susan Scott and Christopher Duncan, respectively a demographer and zoologist from Liverpool University, proposed the theory that the Black Death might have been caused by an Ebola-like virus, not a bacterium.
_	In 2006, Bars presented the theory that time does not have only one dimension (past/future), but has two separate dimensions instead.
_	However he and others said that it was too soon to know for sure, whether the new particle is the one predicted by the Standard Model, the theory that has ruled physics for the last half-century, and it will take further work to determine the accuracy.
_	Her monumental works consistently associate her with Amenemhat III rather than Amenemhat IV, supporting the theory that she was the royal daughter of Amenemhat III and perhaps, only a stepsister of Amenemhat IV.
_	For example, the discovery of abnormal flowers—for example, flowers with leaves instead of petals, or flowers with staminoid pistils—furnished important evidence for the "foliar theory", the theory that all flower parts are highly specialised leaves.
_	Linguistic relativity (also known as the Sapir–Whorf hypothesis), the theory that language influences thought and perception, is a subject explored in some soft science fiction works such as Jack Vance's "The Languages of Pao" (1958) and Samuel R. Delany's "Babel-17" (1966).
_	According to McKay and Swift, the theory that Vimy Ridge is a source of Canada's rise as a nation is highly contested and developed in the latter part of the twentieth century after most of those who experienced the Great War had passed away.
_	This is supported by the theory that language learning is based on statistical learning, the process by which infants perceive common combinations of sounds and words in language and use them to inform future speech production.
_	The insistence of the British on the theory that our loans to them were made in order to help their allies is about as irritating a piece of nonsense as has been pulled in the whole discussion about inter-governmental debts".
_	He worked with the theory that the British cause could not be accomplished through "violent wooing," but must instead be efforts of "gentle and modest courtship."
_	Despite a lack of support from the available text, the Gospel of Philip has been cited for the theory that Jesus married Mary Magdalene.
_	According to Anna Balakian, Andre Breton's biographer, the Bureau "was supposed to implement the theory that surrealism resembled scientific investigation and promoted experimentation in the field of psychology and linguistics.
_	A major contribution was the theory that Yahweh (Jehovah) was at an early period an Amorite deity.
_	He was a supporter of the theory that history never follows a simple, logical course.
_	He has long since publicly supported the theory that McAlary was the Dancing Man-
_	Also, there is the theory that the Queen Agnes ("Agnes Regina") whose obituary is recorded in Zwiefalten was the wife of Bolesław II; it is also believed that she belonged to the Přemyslid dynasty.
_	This supports the theory that the virus originated in Israel.
_	Plato's credit theory of money for metallism, the theory that money derives its value from the purchasing power of the commodity upon which it is based, and is only an "instrument", its sole purpose being a medium of exchange, which means on its own "it is worthless... not useful as a means to any of the necessities of life".
_	Booth, citing others, adheres to the theory that Khnumhotep died first, leaving Niankhkhnum to complete the tomb's art.
_	American Beethoven scholar Maynard Solomon, in his 1972 article "New Light on Beethoven's Letter to an Unknown Woman" and his 1977 follow-up essay, "Antonie Brentano and Beethoven", sets forth the theory that Antonie was the composer's Immortal Beloved.
_	This supports the theory that the lineage of ceratopsian dinosaurs may have been North American in origin.
_	They include Magda B. Arnold (1903–2002), an American psychologist who developed the appraisal theory of emotions; Richard Lazarus (1922–2002), an American psychologist who specialized in emotion and stress, especially in relation to cognition; Herbert A. Simon (1916–2001), who included emotions into decision making and artificial intelligence; Robert Plutchik (1928–2006), an American psychologist who developed a psychoevolutionary theory of emotion; Robert Zajonc (1923–2008) a Polish–American social psychologist who specialized in social and cognitive processes such as social facilitation; Robert C. Solomon (1942–2007), an American philosopher who contributed to the theories on the philosophy of emotions with books such as "What Is An Emotion?: Classic and Contemporary Readings" (Oxford, 2003); Peter Goldie (1946–2011), a British philosopher who specialized in ethics, aesthetics, emotion, mood and character; Nico Frijda (1927–2015), a Dutch psychologist who advanced the theory that human emotions serve to promote a tendency to undertake actions that are appropriate in the circumstances, detailed in his book "The Emotions" (1986); Jaak Panksepp (1943-2017), an Estonian-born American psychologist, psychobiologist, neuroscientist and pioneer in affective neuroscience.
_	Some Elliott backers threatened to withhold votes from Hawkins or even to vote for Martin on the theory that Elliott might be able to reclaim the House seat in 1966 if he were pitted against a Republican in the historically Democratic district.
_	In this essay he advanced the theory that women have been a muted group, comparatively unheard in social discourse, whose relative silence might also be seen as a function of the dominant group's deafness to them.
_	Triplett's study started off a revolution of studies attempting to examine the theory that people's performance is influenced by the presence of others.
_	Smith’s philosophical work falls into four main areas: biomedical ethics (with an emphasis on reproductive ethics); consequentialism (the theory that the moral status of our acts depends on their consequences alone); moral responsibility; and normative ethics concerns that transcend particular normative theories.
_	The District Court based its ruling on the theory that the State had failed to show a necessity for the patient identification requirement and without a necessity, the State action unconstitutionally invaded personal privacy.
_	The evo-geno approach was also used to verify the theory that humans and non-human primates share similar expression levels in energy metabolism-related genes which have implications for aging and neurodegenerative disease.
_	Many linguists, however, tend to favor the theory that speakers of Dravidian languages spread southwards and eastwards through the Indian subcontinent, based on the fact that the southern Dravidian languages show some signs of contact with linguistic groups which the northern Dravidian languages do not.
_	In contemporary peace and conflict studies, the concept of a global peace system has been evolving since the 1940s around the theory that there is a global infrastructure of peacebuilding and that there is a need for systems thinking in peacebuilding.
_	In 1983, Aubrey Walker of the Royal Mail's R&D department proposed a fixed assignment of colours to rates, on the theory that the classes of service changed much less frequently than rates.
_	A recent development is the mathematical universe hypothesis, the theory that "only" a mathematical world exists, with the finite, physical world being an illusion within it.
_	Several statistical studies support the theory that a higher degree of economic freedom, as measured with one the several Indices of Economic Freedom which have been used in numerous studies, increases economic growth and that this in turn increases general prosperity, reduces poverty and causes democratisation.
_	In this sense of the word organism, it is argued under the theory that the entire biomass of the Earth is a single organism (as Johannes Kepler thought).
_	The discovery also lends evidence to the theory that later mosasaurs were even more well-adapted to the lifestyle first occupied by the ichthyosaurs.
_	Police developed the theory that he had slipped away from the hotel, attacked his family and returned to work, unnoticed.
_	In order to disprove the theory that insects originated spontaneously from filth and to demonstrate that they developed from eggs, Blankaart repeated the experiments carried out by Francesco Redi.
_	This theory became known as monetarism, the theory that excess currency leads to inflation.
_	Gaetano Mosca in his work "The Ruling Class" (1896) developed the theory that claims that in all societies an "organized minority" will dominate and rule over the "disorganized majority".
_	Loch, nevertheless, also subscribed to the theory that clearance was beneficial for the tenants as much as for the estate.
_	The presence of two fossils of belemnites in the area of the belly of Ohmdenia corroborates the theory that this animal is seen as a predator of molluscs cephalopods with a soft body.
_	Several elements brought the investigators to the theory that members of extreme right-wing groups were responsible for the bombings:
_	His works are influenced by ideas of evolutionism and Yugoslavism and he represented the theory that Yugoslavs are people of one blood and one origin.
_	In one of MacDonald's first books, "Christianizing Homer: The Odyssey, Plato, and the Acts of Andrew," he posited the theory that the non-canonical "Acts of Andrew" was a Christian retelling of Homer's "Iliad".
_	In 1935, when Tatsukichi Minobe advocated the theory that sovereignty resides in the state, of which the Emperor is just an organ (the "tennō kikan setsu"), it caused a furor.
_	The work outlines the theory that all colors (yellow, red, purple, green, and blue) are derived from mixtures of black and white.
_	In the book, Oppenheimer supports the theory that modern humans first emerged in Africa and that modern human behavior emerged in Africa prior to the out of Africa migration.
_	In 1973, Ohta published a short letter in "Nature" suggesting that a wide variety of molecular evidence supported the theory that most mutation events at the molecular level are slightly deleterious rather than strictly neutral.
_	Suicide by fire is another common theme in Vonnegut's works; the author often returns to the theory that "many people are not fond of life."
_	Psychotherapist Charles Moser has said there is no evidence for the theory that BDSM has common symptoms or any common psychopathology, emphasizing that there is no evidence that BDSM practitioners have any special psychiatric other problems based on their sexual preferences.
_	As the title explicitly indicates, "Combatting Cult Mind Control" falls squarely within the category of books whose authors adopt anti-cult movement theories and rhetoric concerning new religious movements, including the theory that participants in such movements are "victims" of "mind control."
_	Based on the theory that women deacons received and are capable of receiving the sacrament of Holy Orders, there have been continued modern-day proposals to ordain female permanent deacons, who would perform the same functions as male deacons and be like them in every respect.
_	Additionally, the theory that the iliotibial band needs to stretch has been questioned as, in cadaveric studies under extreme load, the flexibility of the iliotibial band has been shown to be minimal with greater stiffness than capsular fibers.
_	Stanhope had favoured the theory that Hauser stemmed from Hungarian magnates but had to give up this idea when he was informed that further inquiries in Hungary had, once more, failed completely.
_	This finding suggests some support for the theory that prison may serve as a ‘school for crime’ for some offenders".
_	Broca also felt that there was not enough evidence for the theory that appearance of different races could be changed by the qualities of the environments that they lived in.
_	This pattern of low genetic variation and high haplotype diversity suggests fast population expansion after a bottleneck and has led to the theory that a host shift event from cattle allowed "Onchocerca volvulus" to infect humans.
_	In superstring theory, the version of the theory that incorporates a theoretical idea called supersymmetry, there are six extra dimensions of spacetime in addition to the four that are familiar from everyday experience.
_	It was in the book "Holy Blood Holy Grail" that Baigent, Leigh, and co-author Henry Lincoln had advanced the theory that Jesus and Mary Magdalene married and had a child and that the bloodline continues to this day.
_	In 2006, training materials obtained by U.S. intelligence showed that snipers fighting in Iraq were urged to single out and attack engineers, medics, and chaplains on the theory that those casualties would demoralize entire enemy units.
_	"Semantic-originalism" is Ronald Dworkin's term for the theory that the original meaning of many statutes implies that those statutes prohibit certain acts widely considered not to be prohibited by the statutes at the time of their passages.
_	The BPS also publishes several books on the Abhidhamma, a systematic arrangement of the Buddha’s philosophical and psychological teachings, defining the theory that lies behind his more pragmatically oriented discourses: "A Comprehensive Manual of Abhidhamma", a translation of the "Abhidhammattha-sangaha" complete with a detailed explanatory guide by the Burmese Sayadaw U Rewatadhamma and Bhikkhu Bodhi.
_	Following consideration of the original context and history of the literary sources cited by Ahmad and later Ahmaddiya supporters of the theory that Jesus of Nazareth survived the crucifixion and made a journey to India and was buried in Srinagar Kashmir, Grönbold concludes that Ahmad misidentified material about the putative Christian saint "Yuzafa" from the Barlaam and Josaphat traditions telling a Christianized version of the life of Siddhartha Gautama, as being material concerning Jesus of Nazareth.
_	He develops the theory that it may have been part of a significant German peace offer and suggests that Hess was carrying documents with detailed proposals from Hitler.
_	Shelley took William Godwin's idea of "necessity" and combined it with his own idea of ever-changing nature, to establish the theory that contemporary societal evils would dissolve naturally in time.
_	These reliefs are also used as evidence for the theory that the Persian kandys may have acted as a status garment, as they are shown being worn by Iranian nobility, but not by their servants.
_	Preliminary analysis showed that it was a huge piece of ice that shattered on impact, which seem to support the theory that a comet caused the cataclysm.
_	When existing and potential operators around the world learnt of the theory that the Great White was quite approachable and not likely to attack, it was hypothesised that the same applied to other dangerous sharks such as tiger sharks, bull sharks and oceanic whitetip sharks.
_	Physicians lost interest in the case until the 1930s, when gynecologists Dr. Schumann and Dr. Brews, apparently independently, published the theory that it could have been a case of hydatidiform mole.
_	Thus with the theory that meiosis arose from prokaryotic sex, recombinational repair is the selective advantage of meiosis in both single celled eukaryotes and muticellular eukaryotes, such as humans.
_	The court concluded: "In sum, the judge's finding that the lack of scientific testing did not make unreliable the theory that an individual may experience dissociative amnesia was supported in the record, not only by expert testimony but by a wide collection of clinical observations and a survey of academic literature.
_	In 2015, Sykes reported that he had undertaken DNA tests on saliva samples of six of Zana's living relatives and a tooth of her deceased son Khwit and concluded that Zana was 100% African but not of any known group, refuting the theory that she was a runaway Ottoman slave.
_	The frenetic rhythm of the drums is also seen as proof of the custom's pre-Hispanic origins, in line with the theory that it is a Christianised version of much older, animist rites.
_	It is based on the theory that neural connections can be strengthened by using related words and phrases that are similar to the target word, to eventually activate the target word in the brain.
_	This view contrasts polygenism, the theory that each race is actually a separate species with separate sites of origin.
_	According to Silva, many researchers have criticized the concept of symbolic racism because it asserts the theory that the "anti-black" affect and individualism is new.
_	The British wanted to curb submarine activity, on the theory that focusing on covert submarine attacks would help avoid confrontation, whereas the French considered surface vessels and aircraft just as important.
_	In a war college thesis entitled "The Influence of National Policy on Strategy", King expounded on the theory that America's weakness was Representative democracy:
_	In the relevant entry in the "Annals of Ulster" he is described as the leader of the Dubgenti; In "Cogad Gaedel re Gallaib" Barith is named as the leader of the Findgenti; this would seem to support the theory that Hálfdan's brother Ingware was not the same man as Ímar the Norse king of Dublin, the former being of the Dubgenti and the latter of the Findgenti.
_	The fact that the possessive agreement suffixes on nouns and the transitive agreement suffixes on verbs in a number of instances have similar or identical shapes has even resulted in the theory that Greenlandic has a distinction between transitive and intransitive nouns, parallel to the same distinction in the verbs.
_	In addition, with regard to the theory that some children are genetically hypersusceptible to mercury toxicity, Hastings concluded that the "petitioners have failed to demonstrate that this theory has any validity."
_	Hill continued to explore the theory that Australia had once been covered from north to south by an inland sea, as evidenced by the fossil corals she found in Mundubbera.
_	Heavy with physics theory, the story describes the relationship between the creator of the device, the billionaire inventor Edward Bloom, and his former classmate James Priss, a Nobel Prize-winning theoretical physicist who had discovered most of the theory that made the device possible.
_	Hall was a vocal proponent of the theory that UFOs are extraterrestrial spacecraft from an advanced alien civilization, and he was an active member of the now-defunct "UFO Updates" message board and website.
_	However, a study measuring the N-signal (isotopic signature) in the tissue of the carob tree did not support the theory that carob trees naturally use atmospheric nitrogen.
_	A popular theory in current research is "weak-Whorfianism,' which is the theory that although there is a strong universal component to perception, cultural differences still have an impact.
_	"If God Loves Rock 'n' Roll" has the band proposing the theory that God likes rock 'n' roll and heavy metal, or "otherwise he would not have us and all the others do what we are doing", as Grosskopf said.
_	These findings run parallel with the theory that the LGN is what actually houses this residual vision upon damage of the VI.
_	The flow of large parts of the Fitz-Ausculph estate to the Paganells lends itself to the theory that William Fitz Ausculph died with no surviving male heirs and so gave his lands to his daughter and her Paganell heirs.
_	However, there is strong evidence to support the theory that his death was a result of a botched assassination attempt as well as further damage to his health caused by a period of confinement in a private asylum, orchestrated by his enemies, who succeeded in enlisting the help of his own brother Abel de Cyrano.
_	Wolpe is best known for the theory that cheap labour in South Africa was sustained by the articulation of capitalism with subsistence economies in rural areas.
_	It was Goldwyn who named the film "We Live Again", on the theory that it meant the same thing as "Resurrection" and was easier to understand.
_	Johnson's colleague, Representative Camille Bennett, a Democrat from Lonoke, called for a reworking of the legislation on the theory that the Ballinger bill would establish a "type of religious litmus test" which could impact nearly any law under consideration by the legislature.
_	Thor Heyerdahl before his death, Buck's plan was to support the theory that ancient South American voyagers crossed vast ocean expanses in various types of boats including the ancient style reed raft that were quite possibly the key factor of human migration and the spread of civilization.
_	The analysis of the observations strengthened the theory that gamma-ray bursts are a result of a hypernova, though other possible progenitors exist, such as the merger of two black holes.
_	Paul Bloom of Yale University has stated that "one of the most exciting ideas in cognitive science is the theory that people have a default assumption that things, people and events have invisible essences that make them what they are.
_	As a linguist, Janashvili subscribed to the theory that linked Georgian with the Indo-European languages.
_	The Reasons For Living Inventory (RFL) is theoretically based, and measures the probability of suicide based on the theory that some factors may mitigate suicidal thoughts.
_	The Crime & Investigation channel's "Fred Dinenage: Murder Casebook" put forward the theory that the killer could have been Harold Jones, a convicted murderer from Wales.
_	The two soldiers' eventual joint suicide lends some credence to the theory that this Project was the source of the disaster.
_	Henry Jenkins, a key theorist of new media and media convergence draws on the theory that collective intelligence can be attributed to media convergence and participatory culture .
_	The finding that less than half of patients with BPD experience PTSD during their lives challenges the theory that BPD and PTSD are the same disorder.
_	State Farm then filed a motion to dismiss based on the theory that the adjusters violated the False Claims Act's seal requirement, but the District Court denied the motion and the adjusters ultimately won at trial.
_	The similarities between the troödonts and birds made him a major proponent of the theory that birds are descended from dinosaurs.
_	With such a large number of words that are related to personality trait differences, Allport and Odbert proposed the Lexical hypothesis, or the theory that traits are obviously an important part of how people think and talk about each other, or else it would not be a part of the language.
_	If it was inhabited 60 thousand years or over, it puts in question the theory that all civilizations derived from Africa.
_	He resolved the first coordination complex called hexol into optical isomers, overthrowing the theory that chirality was necessarily associated with carbon compounds.
_	As a result of this, from the Shōwa and Heisei periods onwards, tsurube-oroshi are stated in yōkai-related literature to be severed heads or buckets that would drop, whereas the tsurubebi on the other hand would be atmospheric ghost lights　that would hang from trees and thus they would be almost always be considered different kinds of yōkai, but there is also the theory that originally both the tsurube-otoshi and the tsurubebi were similarly atmospheric ghost lights that dangle from trees like buckets.
_	Mitochondrial DNA sequences support the theory that these are recently diverged separate species.
_	Modern writers including Paula Mitchell Marks and Alford Turner have advanced the theory that Holliday somehow managed to hold and accurately fire two weapons ambidextrously, but none of the witnesses including Behan reported observing this.
_	The dividend discount model (DDM) is a method of valuing a company's stock price based on the theory that its stock is worth the sum of all of its future dividend payments, discounted back to their present value.
_	"[They] certainly disprove the theory that opposites attract" said Christine Orlando of "TV Fanatic".
_	In both cases, the verb follows the complement, giving weight to the theory that basic word order in Gothic is object–verb.
_	Carter was a proponent of hyperdiffusionism, or the theory that all major inventions and cultures can be traced back to one original culture.
_	Its distance from the city centre, which is on the coast, is in line with the theory that country air was more healthy than air from the coast.
_	Botox injections are used in bruxism on the theory that a dilute solution of the toxin will partially paralyze the muscles and lessen their ability to forcefully clench and grind the jaw, while aiming to retain enough muscular function to enable normal activities such as talking and eating.
_	Seccombe is a romantic looking for adventure, intending to write a book in an attempt to prove the theory that the Native American tribes descend from Welshmen.
_	This is derived from the theory that AMCG plutonism is driven by ponding of olivine tholeiite basalt at the base of the continental crust during tectonic extension.
_	Author Arnold Rogow supported the theory that Forrestal committed suicide over fantasies of being chased by Zionist agents, largely relying on information obtained in interviews conducted with some of Forrestal's fiercest critics inside and outside the Truman administration.
_	Zarlino supported the theory that if two weights in the ratio of 2 to 1 were attached to two strings, the pitches generated by the two strings would produce the octave.
_	The names were chosen on the theory that their powers would be more difficult to abuse given such humorous and unlikely titles.
_	The author Charles Miller offers the theory that the Germans had the handicap of trying to colonize African areas inhabited by aggressive tribes, whereas their colonial neighbours had more docile peoples to contend with.
_	Arms dealings with Vickers Limited at war time gave basis to the theory that Alexander Parvus was also a British intelligence asset.
_	His defense team also offered the theory that Baz was reacting to events in the Middle East.
_	The work featured heavily in a BBC "Timewatch" programme which examined the theory that Stonehenge was a prehistoric centre of healing.
_	Out of these studies came his "Synchronoptic World History" timeline, devoting the same space to all areas and times of the world simultaneously, spanning 1000 BC to 1952 AD, based on the theory that viewing all civilizations and countries concurrently shows relationships and influences that might not otherwise be obvious.
_	This was an important finding as it detracted support from the theory that African Americans were intellectually inferior.
_	This further reinforces the theory that Bonasone spent at least part of the decade working in Bologna to produce the illustrations for Bocchi and a couple of other works at the same time.
_	One of these documentaries was shown on TV4 in March 2007 and was called "Fredrik Sträng och mysteriet på Everest" (Fredrik Sträng and the Everest mystery) and was about the theory that George Mallory theoretically could have climbed the mountain as early as June 8, 1924.
_	In 1847 Theodore Schwann expanded upon the theory that all living organisms are composed of cells when he added to it that discrete cells are the basis of life.
_	They take on the appearance of a kozō (a monk in training), but there is also the theory that they come from the yōkai from Mount Hiei, the said to be what the 18th Tendaizasu, Ryōgen turned into.
_	In the view of Edward's biographer, Frank Barlow, "the theory that Edward's childlessness was due to deliberate abstention from sexual relations lacks authority, plausibility and diagnostic value."
_	A "lock-in" is when a pub owner lets drinkers stay in the pub after the legal closing time, on the theory that once the doors are locked, it becomes a private party rather than a pub.
_	"Niten Ki" (an early biography of Musashi) supports the theory that Musashi was born in 1584: "[He] was born in Banshū, in Tenshō 12 [1584], the Year of the Monkey."
_	That lends support to the theory that Iturbide's opposition had US support and influence behind it.
_	According to classical rabbinical authorities, the cities of refuge were not places of protection, but places where atonement was made; Philo explained this principle as being based on the theory that an innocent man would never be chosen by God as the instrument of another man's death, and therefore those claiming refuge at these cities must have committed some sin before they had killed, for which their exile acts as an atonement.
_	While talking with Lori and Janet, he starts to see more omens and alludes the theory that his predictions were red herrings meant to lead them to where they needed to be for Death to strike.
_	This idea is maintained by the theory that the play is meant to affect the viewer or reader scene by scene, with attention being only focused on the section at hand.
_	Eisenman led the campaign to free up access to the Dead Sea Scrolls in the 1980s and 90s, and, as a result of this campaign, is associated with the theory that combines Essenes with Palestinian messianism (or what some might refer to as "Palestinian Christianity") — a theory opposed to establishment or consensus scholarship.
_	It combined the Calvinism of the Westminster Assembly and the Synod of Dort, modified by a conception of God taken by its advocates to be more ethical; by a new emphasis upon the liberty, ability, and responsibility of man; by the restriction of moral quality to action in distinction from nature (cf. original sin and total depravity); and by the theory that the constitutive principle of virtue is benevolence.
_	He and Lazear subjected themselves to the bite of infectious mosquitoes to test the theory that mosquitoes were carriers of yellow fever.
_	Political lesbianism embraces the theory that sexual orientation is a choice, and advocates lesbianism as a positive alternative to heterosexuality for women.
_	Modern researchers have largely disregarded the theory that the mounds were created for defense.
_	Jim Marrs, in his book "Crossfire", presented the theory that Kennedy was trying to rein in the power of the Federal Reserve, and that forces opposed to such action might have played at least some part in the assassination.
_	Historically this theory descends from Ricardo... it is probably more or less the theory that was held by Marshall...
_	"Deadline" Ross A. Lincoln posited the theory that the cycle will revolve around the Bloody Benders family.
_	According to Trace, textbooks used in the United States public schools to teach reading and the humanities were constrained by the theory that children would learn better and more easily with controlled and repetitive content and, in the teaching of reading, a limited vocabulary focused mainly on familiar life-adjustment themes common in American suburban life, rather than truly literary content that provokes thought and encourages imagination beyond everyday life.
_	Diuretics are widely used to manage Ménière's on the theory that it reduces fluid buildup in the ear.
_	In 2014, Chicopee city historian Stephen Jendrysik submitted the theory that the figure's face was less a copy of the facial features of Chester Chapin, but rather a subtle tribute to abolitionist John Brown, a stalwart Calvinist who was a direct descendant of the Deacon Chapin himself.
_	Citing Hector Boece, who said the Stone was kept at Evonium a legendary city and home to the early Scottish crown, Morton said that Irvine's early high status position in the 12th century supported the theory that Irvine is Evonium.
_	Advocates of the theory that the Argenteuil cloth is the seamless robe claim that the Trier robe is actually Jesus's mantle.
_	The position of the poplar admiral ("L. populi"), a Palearctic species, in a phylogenetic tree confirms that the poplar is the closest existing relative of the Nearctic taxa and is consistent with the theory that the host plant had a large effect on the evolution of North American admirals.
_	Interviews with neonatologists James Collins (Children's Memorial Hospital, Chicago) and Richard David (Stroger Hospital of Cook County) present the theory that this inequality could be due in part to lifelong exposure to the chronic stress of racism.
_	The "Enterprise" engine room was redesigned while keeping consistent with the theory that the interior appearance had to match the corresponding area visible in exterior views of the starship.
_	The profit motive functions on the rational choice theory, or the theory that individuals tend to pursue what is in their own best interests.
_	He propagated the theory that a 'culture of decline' was the ultimate cause of many of Britain's economic problems...
_	Among Jacobs' findings was that authorities had been remiss when they had discounted the theory that Richard Cox had disappeared deliberately.
_	Jöns Jacob Berzelius and Justus von Liebig had proposed the theory that fermentation was caused by decomposition.
_	Recent studies have however shown that T have distinct gene expression profiles, supporting the theory that T are a subset of CD4 T cells distinct from Th-1, Th-2, Th-17 or Tregs.
_	The authors later put forward the theory that the publication of this article, as well as other "WND" articles that were critical of Gore, contributed significantly to Gore losing his home state of Tennessee that November.
_	Marcus, however, is a very typical Roman name, which strengthens the theory that Peter refers to Rome in his letter.
_	Wilde believed in the theory that the young man addressed in the sonnets was an actor in Shakespeare's troupe named Willie Hughes.
_	At that point, however, its significance was not recognised, and Rudolf Virchow consistently opposed the theory that it was very old.
_	However, recent research suggests that the sexual division of labor developed relatively recently and that gender roles were not always the same in early-human cultures, contradicting the theory that each sex is naturally predisposed to different types of work.
_	Jean-Claude Loutsch, Luxembourg's most prominent heraldist, authored the theory that the original Luxembourg dynasties may have born a striped banner (colours unknown).
_	In Taiwan, a plan initiated in March 1997 experimented with separating doctors who prescribe from pharmacists who fulfill prescriptions on the theory that this would reduce unnecessary health care.
_	Speculation has centered on Zeami's association with Masashige and the theory that Zeami was a restorationist.
_	However, the theory that Gallo was responsible ignores several pertinent factors.
_	The suit alleges that the FBI suspended active investigation of the Cooper case "in order to undermine the theory that Rackstraw is D.B. Cooper so as to prevent embarrassment for the bureau's failure to develop evidence sufficient to prosecute him for the crime."
_	So, for now, the band is going with the theory that, the creation of Murfy’s fLaW was one of those truly cosmic events that has to be accepted on faith alone.
_	Our results are consistent with the theory that decriminalization of the production and distribution of marijuana leads to a reduction in violent crime in markets that are traditionally controlled by Mexican drug trafficking organisations."
_	Bakker has been a major proponent of the theory that dinosaurs were "warm-blooded," smart, fast and adaptable.
_	The Gene Bomb is a 1996 book by David E. Comings, self-published by Hope Press, that puts forth the theory that higher education and advanced technology may unintentionally favor the selection of genes that increase the likelihood of ADHD, autism, drug addiction, learning disorders, and behavior problems.
_	This result is inconsistent with directors serving as uninformative (or most nefariously, pro-management) rubber-stamps and inconsistent with the theory that funds prefer rubber-stamp directors who face more time constraints, making them too busy to monitor the manager.
_	In it Kurzweil describes his Pattern Recognition Theory of Mind, the theory that the neocortex is a hierarchical system of pattern recognizers, and argues that emulating this architecture in machines could lead to an artificial superintelligence.
_	the theory that, though the Church may have fallen into schism within itself and its several provinces or groups of provinces be out of communion with each other, each may yet be a branch of the one Church of Christ, provided that it continues to hold the faith of the original undivided Church and to maintain the Apostolic Succession of its bishops.
_	In connection with this event the historian Charles-Edwards advances the theory that Lorcán was actually a member of the Luigne tribe as his son is called one of the kings of Luigne.
_	The main aim of the "Summa de anima" is to set out Jean’s position on being and essence in the context of the debate between those who defend the theory that all of created being is composed of matter and form, and those who, like Thomas Aquinas later would, rejected the doctrine which attributed a composite nature to the soul.
_	Other researchers, such as cryptozoologists Loren Coleman and Michel Raynal, also support the theory that the creature is a hoax based on a photograph of a spider monkey, and argue that Montandon was the perpetrator.
_	Locke advanced the theory that God granted dominion over nature to man through Adam in the book of Genesis.
_	On 22 March 2013 the Third Circuit Court of Cassation (Supreme Court of Italy) ruled that the theory that Francesco Narducci's body was kept "hidden" for about a week was "correct" and that the alleged cover-ups around Narducci's death, including the hiding of his body for five days, in fact took place as in the scenario described by Mignini.
_	This passage is thus seen as the clearest evidence for the theory that the temptation narrative shows how Jesus avoided making the same errors as the Israelites.
_	Most proxies for "grievance"—the theory that civil wars begin because of issues of identity, rather than economics—were statistically insignificant, including economic equality, political rights, ethnic polarization and religious fractionalization.
_	The possible initials JPF, engraved inside the man's ring, supported the theory that his name was Jacques or at least started with a J.
_	This can give rise to a number of responses, ranging from “normality” to something more unexpected, but current research is based on the theory that use of TMS could radically change treatment and perhaps act as a cure for personality disorders and hallucinations.
_	Intersectionality is defined as, “the theory that the overlap of various social identities, as race, gender, sexuality, and class, contributes to the specific type of systemic oppression and discrimination experienced by an individual,” As an example, one can be discriminated against based on their gender for being a woman, but one can also be discriminated based on their race "and" gender for being a Latina woman.
_	On the theory that pieces in major keys may better be accommodated, after many unsatisfactory attempts, in the 1980s, using computer modeling for assistance in design by scientists at the Technical University in Eindhoven, bells with a major-third profile were created by the Eijsbouts Bellfoundry in the Netherlands, being described as resembling old Coke bottles in that they have a bulge around the middle; and in 1999 a design without the bulge was announced.
_	DNA analysis in February 2012 revealed that Ötzi was lactose intolerant, supporting the theory that lactose intolerance was still common at that time, despite the increasing spread of agriculture and dairying.
_	While neither Williams’ incriminating statements themselves nor any testimony describing his having led the police to the victim’s body can constitutionally be admitted into evidence, evidence of where the body was found and of its condition might well be admissible on the theory that the body would have been discovered in any event, even had incriminating statements not been elicited from Williams.
_	It is based on the theory that the Tunguska Event was caused by a micro black hole.
_	However, the Kerala School did not invent "calculus", because, while they were able to develop Taylor series expansions for the important trigonometric functions, differentiation, term by term integration, convergence tests, iterative methods for solutions of non-linear equations, and the theory that the area under a curve is its integral, they developed neither a theory of differentiation or integration, nor the fundamental theorem of calculus.
_	Leaving the store, Monk mentions to Natalie that as Ronald Webster lived a rather quiet life, the theory that the alligator attack was premeditated homicide looks more compelling - for one thing, skinny dipping wasn't something that fit his personality.
_	During the course of the work there, Hebb wrote "The Organization of Behavior: A Neuropsychological Theory", his ground-breaking book that set forth the theory that the only way to explain behavior was in terms of brain function.
_	This finding is related to the theory that certain conditions that make learning more effortful through so-called "desirable difficulties" are beneficial.
_	There he helped to strengthen the theory that eruptions can be predicted, to some degree, by changes in the makeup of volcanic gases.
_	However, he is mainly remembered for the theory that now bears his name, Lamarckism, and in particular his view that the environment (called by Lamarck the conditions of life) gave rise to permanent, inherited, evolutionary changes in animals.
_	'His Virus and Interferon Research Laboratory at UConn's Torrey Life Sciences Building became the leading proponent of the theory that double-stranded ribonucleic acid, dsRNA, is the inducer of interferon, and that just one molecule of dsRNA is enough to induce interferon production in a cell, thus activating a cell's response to a virus.
_	Empiricism is the theory that all knowledge is based on experience derived from the senses.
_	That Ceadda was supported by Oswiu, and Wilfrid had been a supporter of Oswiu's son, lends further credence to the theory that Alhfrith's rebellion took place while Wilfrid was in Gaul.
_	Therefore, Sauerland = "southern country" is the most convincing meaning, opposed to the theory that Sauer is from the German word "sauer" meaning "sour" (poor "sour" soil).
_	A form line through Nagami, who was third in the Derby, gives credibility to the theory that a fully fit Alcide would have won the race.
_	Dash stated that the theory that the Devon prints were made by rodents was originally proposed as long ago as March 1855, in "The Illustrated London News".
_	The discovery of the Butuan Ivory Seal proved the theory that pre-colonial Filipinos, or at least in coastal areas, used seals on paper.
_	PDO is usually measured at even strength, and based on the theory that most teams will ultimately regress toward a sum of 100, is often viewed as a proxy for how lucky a team is.
_	The Catawba also sued the federal government in the United States Claims Court on the theory that the BIA had misrepresented the effect that the termination act would have on tribe's land claim.
_	Circumstantial evidences supports the theory that at the time of the Dutch arrival, Krotoa lived with her uncle Autshumato (also known as Harry by the Dutch).
_	Carpenter is a proponent of the theory that feudalism was fundamentally important to everyday English society and politics after 1166.
_	The significance of this finding is that it lends support to the theory that short bursts are formed during the catastrophic merger of two neutron stars, or a neutron star and a black hole.
_	The spectrum of GRB 011211 was reported to include emission lines associated with the chemical elements magnesium, silicon, sulphur, argon, and calcium, which supported the theory that gamma-ray bursts are preceded by highly massive stars undergoing a supernova collapse.
_	Additionally, when the ship was to be rebuilt in the 1990s, naval historians who favored the theory that the ship traced its lineage to the 1797 original relied on the fact that some of the funds used to build the sloop were originally allocated to rebuild the frigate, the fact that some timbers from the broken-up frigate were used in the construction of the sloop, and that the frigate was never formally stricken from the Naval Vessel Register — a wooden, sailing man-of-war called "Constellation" was continuously listed from 1797 to 1955.
_	This improved dating has ruled out the theory that the baptistery first served as a pagan temple, under which pretext it was at one time given the name "Temple Saint-Jean".
_	In 1982, the jury returned an open verdict on the death of Helen Smith, a British nurse who had fallen to her death in Saudi Arabia during a party; this was interpreted as a rejection of the theory that Smith had accidentally fallen, and a victory for her father Ron Smith's claim that she had been killed.
_	Much of what has been discovered makes it difficult to place the virus in a phylogenetic niche, and lends support to the theory that the virus was assembled, rather than evolved.
_	Perrin has published on the "Gospel of Thomas" and proposed the theory that "Thomas" is dependent on Tatian's "Diatessaron".
_	Gerda Boyesen developed, among other things, the theory that the dismantling of psychological stress is also connected with the digestive system.
_	However, by the time that he issued the edict, Zhu Youqian had resubmitted his own circuit to Jin, and Li Cunxu issued an edict in the name of the Tang emperor (as Jin had been existing under the theory that Li Cunxu was exercising powers for the Tang emperor in hopes of Tang's reestablishment) making Zhu Lingde military governor of Zhongwu.
_	Coherence therapy is a system of psychotherapy based in the theory that symptoms of mood, thought and behavior are produced coherently according to the person's current mental models of reality, most of which are implicit and unconscious.
_	She also presents the theory that Juan Diego and his uncle called the lady "Tlecuauhtlacupeuh", saying "The Nahuatl understanding of 'Tlecuauhtlacupeuh' is "La que viene volando de la luz como el águila de fuego" (she who comes flying from the region of light like an eagle of fire).
_	Like CBT, MBCT functions on the theory that when individuals who have historically had depression become distressed, they return to automatic cognitive processes that can trigger a depressive episode.
_	Turley disagrees with the theory that dealing with bullies is just a part of growing up, claiming that they are "no more a natural part of learning than is parental abuse a natural part of growing up" and believes that "litigation could succeed in forcing schools to take bullying more seriously".
_	The previous season, Rutgers had played in the International Bowl and South Florida had appeared in the PapaJohns.com Bowl; bowls in general dislike inviting the same team in consecutive years, on the theory that fans are less likely to want to travel to the same destination they were at the year before.
_	Evidence from the 1920s supports the theory that at least one of the companies made a feint attack southeast from Nye-Cartwright Ridge straight down the center of the "V" formed by the intersection at the crossing of Medicine Tail Coulee on the right and Calhoun Coulee on the left.
_	During a 1969 debate on liberalizing Canada's abortion laws, he was quoted as saying, "As Christians we cannot accept the theory that life only begins at birth."
_	Further credence was lent to the theory that Earth First!
_	Holt also came up with "Holt's Law," the theory that the better the recording, the worse the musical performance—and vice versa.
_	A treatise, "About our God, one in three, against Atheists and Polytheists", is chiefly directed against the theory that the world may have been formed by chance.
_	Generative anthropology is a field of study based on the theory that the origin of human language was a singular event and that the history of human culture is a genetic or "generative" development stemming from the development of language.
_	Rafn was noted for his early advocacy of the theory that the Vikings had explored North America centuries before Christopher Columbus's and John Cabot's voyages.
_	This lent credence to the theory that Bay Area residents stayed away from the Coliseum because they didn't want to give their money to Finley.
_	Statues of David and Solomon on either side of the entrance to the basilica of El Escorial lend further weight to the theory that this is the true origin of the design.
_	Finally, the theory that the clouds were composed of volcanic dust was disproved by Malzev in 1926.
_	Based on the theory that one learns to perform by performing, dance exercises were essential elements in Denishawn training, and some of them were so professionally interesting that they became part of the concert repertory.
_	Salich agreed by justifying his action on the theory that Japan was a 'common enemy' of the Soviet Union and the United States.
_	Maddox comes up with the theory that the plasma responds to both the conscious and the subconscious contents of the minds of those who are around it.
_	He further analyzed on the theory that the mind is a complex-energy system.
_	Although German police were sceptical of his disappearance, believing that somebody had tipped him off to the investigation, the discovery of his bags over a year later reinforced the theory that he had either had an accident or committed suicide.
_	After the final two parts of "Twin Peaks: The Return" aired on Sunday, September 4, 2017, a rumor developed on social media advancing the theory that the final two parts (17 & 18) were meant to be watched and interpreted simultaneously.
_	Non-exclusive licensees could not forcefully join copyright holders, on the theory that in those cases, the work was still marketable and the copyright holder therefore had an interest in protecting his rights.
_	In the context of modern theistic evolution, "hominization" refers to the theory that there was a point at which a population of hominids who had (or may have) evolved by a process of evolution acquired souls and thus (with their descendants) became fully human in theological terms.
_	Muskets were normally chambered for large calibers, such as .50 or .59, with the theory that these large bullets caused the most damage.
_	While it mentions the theory that Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton was involved in the assassination conspiracy, the book dismisses it and suggests that John Wilkes Booth took on the role of assassin largely for personal reasons.
_	Scholars of this period include Varahamihira and Aryabhata, who is believed to be the first to come up with the concept of zero, postulated the theory that the Earth moves round the Sun, and studied solar and lunar eclipses.
_	Some criticized the theory that Ngor was killed in a bungled robbery, pointing to $2,900 in cash that had been left behind and the fact that the thieves had not rifled his pockets.
_	Finally, the theory that fires from the large amount of diesel fuel stored in the building caused the collapse was also investigated and ruled out.
_	As the motion of the moon's orbit also causes it to work its way across the sky on an 18.61 year cycle in what is known as the journey between major and minor standstill and back, the theory that this period was both measurable and useful to Neolithic peoples seemed attractive.
_	At the time the theory that bad air — mal-aria — caused diseases was a prevalent hypothesis and based on this theory, he urged draining the swamps and the cooling of sickrooms.
_	He later developed the theory that humans possess a mutated form of the -gulonolactone oxidase coding gene.
_	The presumed corvid relatives included currawongs, birds of paradise, whipbirds, quail-thrushes, whistlers, monarch flycatchers and drongos, shrikes, vireos, and vangas, but current research favors the theory that this grouping is partly artificial.
_	In the study, all of the subjects received exactly the same treatment to support the theory that the effects of self-reparenting can be directly replicated.
_	Linguistic nativism is the theory that humans are born with some knowledge of language.
_	Similar ornaments (some made from "Nassarius kraussianus" and the bittersweet clam "Glycymeris nummaria" as well as "Nassarius gibbosulus") have been discovered at a number of Middle Paleolithic sites and are considered a key piece of evidence for the theory that early anatomically modern humans in Africa and the Levant were more culturally sophisticated than had previously been thought.
_	This sort of evidence has been crucial in supporting the theory that there may be a specific face perception system in the brain.
_	Contradicting the standard model of electromagnetism, his thesis is based upon the theory that the metal itself is not the magnet and that the real magnets are circulating in the metal.
_	While the theory that acquired its maximal form by nationalist Serb writers Spiridon Gopčević and Miloš Milojević became popular among some Serb historians, Western based historians dismiss it on grounds that had the population been Serbian in Northern Albania, when and how did the process of Albanianisation occur in the first place.
_	(p. 220) The American Chiropractic Association promotes chiropractic care of infants and children under the theory that “poor posture and physical injury, including birth trauma, may be common primary causes of illness in children and can have a direct and significant impact not only on spinal mechanics, but on other bodily functions”.
_	Akrigg, they posit Cape Blanco, Oregon as a possible site, while more recent publications by Samuel Bawlf advance the theory that further landings north of Cape Reyes happened in British Columbia and as far north as the Stikine River and the Southeast Alaska coast.
_	After the condemnation by the Parlement of Paris of Cardinal Bellarmine's treatise on the Temporal power of the Pope (1610), Richer developed, in his "Libellus de Ecclesiastica et Politica Potestate" (in French as "De la puissance ecclésiastique et politique", Paris, 1611) the theory that the government of the Church should be aristocratical, not monarchical.
_	The two earliest existing versions are written in Chinese, and contemporary scholars widely accept the theory that the text is a Chinese composition.
_	There is no evidence for the theory that Johann Fust was a goldsmith, but he appears to have been a money-lender or banker.
_	This finding lends support to the theory that organic molecules that can lead to life (as we know it on Earth) can form in space.
_	The Italian art historian Giani Pappi has put forward the theory that this Cecco may be identical with Cecco del Caravaggio ('Caravaggio’s Cecco'), a notable Italian follower of Caravaggio who emerged in the decade after the master’s death.
_	A jury heard that case in October 2000, and rendered a verdict that the generals could not be held liable for the crimes, presumably on the theory that they did not have "effective control" over their subordinates.
_	By conducting one of the first ever clinical trials, he developed the theory that citrus fruits cured scurvy.
_	As for the evolution of cooperation, evidence from cooperative pulling experiments provides support for the theory that cooperation evolved multiple times independently.
_	Along with Keith Parsons making 57 off 28, they made a dent in the theory that spinners are useful in Twenty20 cricket, as experienced off-spinner Robert Croft was dispatched for 50 runs in four overs.
_	It was framed upon the theory that the peoples of the several states must sink or swim together, and that, in the long run, prosperity and salvation are in union, and not division.
_	There is also the theory that if a man is driving his ox cart or carriage or car, he can see inside her blouse and she can see inside of his.
_	This is important because it is often assumed in cognitive science that rules and algorithms are essentially the same: in other words, the theory that cognition is rule bound is often believed to imply that thought (cognition) is essentially the manipulation of algorithms, and "this" is one of the key assumptions of some varieties of artificial intelligence.
_	In this aim, through two works, the "Dissertation on the Origins and Progress of the Scythians or Goths" (1787) and the "Enquiry into the History of Scotland preceding the reign of Malcolm III" (1789), he developed the theory that the Picts were in fact of the race of ancient Goths, that the Scots language was a pure descendant of the Picto-Gothic language; and, moreover, that the Gaels, or Highlanders, were a degenerate impostor race.
_	The seemingly contradictory changes in King Arthur's character throughout the work has been argued to support the theory that Arthur represents different eras and reigns throughout the tales.
_	Three general theories mark the debate on the chronology of Irish ringforts; firstly the theory that wishes to date ringforts back into the Iron Age period; secondly, the theory that seeks to see the continuation of ringfort habitation into the Later Medieval and even the Modern Period; finally, the more common and generally accepted theory that ringforts were a product of the second half of the first millennium, a theory which has been given greater definition by Matthew Stout in recent years.
_	Metaphysical subjectivism is the theory that reality is what we perceive to be real, and that there is no underlying true reality that exists independently of perception.
_	Proponents of the theory that the Edessa image was actually the shroud, led by Ian Wilson, theorize that it was always folded in such a way as to show only the face, as recorded in the apocryphical "Acts of Thaddeus" from around that time, which say it was "tradiplon"- folded into 4 pieces.
_	He added that this evidence fitted in with the theory that the body might have been brought to Somerton beach after the man's death, accounting for the lack of evidence of vomiting and convulsions, which are the two main effects of poison.
_	In the 1960s, Reuben Smeed predicted that the average speed of traffic in central London would be without other disincentives such as road pricing, based on the theory that this was the minimum speed that people will tolerate.
_	In order to adequately describe physical situations in more complex theories, it is often necessary to introduce a "coordinate basis" for some of the objects of the theory that do not have this simple relationship to the coordinates used to label points in space and time.
_	Probiotics are also used to treat bloating based on the theory that improved gut flora will improve digestion and lessen gas generation.
_	Conversely, Komal Nahta from Koimoi gave the movie a "Business Rating" of 1 out of 5, summing up the movie's bad parts as being, "The confusing screenplay; the abstract ending; the attempt to debunk the theory that ghosts exist."
_	Although the theory that Koehler was the illegitimate son of a Hapsburg prince, separated at birth, is dubious speculation; he was undeniably a dashing, swashbuckling figure enveloped in mystery.
_	"The Pitch" described Cashill as a conspiracy theorist; he promotes the theory that TWA 800 was hit by a missile and doubted the veracity of Barack Obama's published birth certificate.
_	Studies measuring neuron response in animals provided evidence supporting the theory that attention spreads within an object.
_	Although he accepted abiogenesis and the evolution of animals, he rejected the theory that the human species is the product of evolution, arguing that humans have souls.
_	The presence of weapons and equipment on the weather deck supports the theory that the sinking occurred suddenly.
_	In the 1960s, a periodontist named Sigurd Peder Ramfjord championed the theory that occlusal factors were responsible for bruxism.
_	Lothrop’s research resulted in the theory that the balls were placed in alignments significant astronomically.
_	Among humans, as with relative testis size and ejaculate volume, the size of the sperm midpiece is small compared to other primates, and is most similar in size to that of primates with low levels of sperm competition, supporting the theory that humans have had an evolutionary history of intermediate levels of sperm competition.
_	Working on clues left at Jessie's house, Lawrence is convinced something is wrong with the theory that Moose is a murderer.
_	In accordance with the genetic world map and genetic patterns, her HV2 DNA sequence was also related with the ancient races originally from Taiwan and Korea, which supports the theory that Paleo-Indians had Pacific links.
_	The Minister of the Interior Nikolay Pavlovich Ignatyev rejected the theory that pogroms were caused by revolutionary socialists and instead, he adopted the idea that they were a protest by the rural population against Jewish exploitation.
_	University theologians sympathized with John the Fearless and even published a justification of the murder as tyrannicide under the theory that the Duke of Orléans had been planning to usurp the throne.
_	This led to the theory that this was a mikveh or Jewish ritual bath.
_	This strategy is based on the theory that violence must be addressed in the context of the community in which it occurs."
_	Bonner began to doubt that supremacy when he saw to what uses it could be put by a Protestant council, and either he or Gardiner evolved the theory that the royal supremacy was in abeyance during a royal minority.
_	He is a major proponent of the theory that the historical King Arthur was Riothamus, presented in an article in "Speculum", April 1981, and expanded in "The Discovery of King Arthur" (1985) and in various further articles.
_	The profit motive is a key tenet of rational choice theory, or the theory that economic agents tend to pursue what is in their own best interests.
_	Based on the theory that dictators are average people with access to power, any of us could be a dictator.
_	This is consistent with the theory that she and Iphigeneia are one and the same.
_	They advanced the theory that the foul deed was the work of the coastal tribe.
_	While investigating the 2010-2012 compromise of CIA agents in China, Kelton was initially opposed to the theory that the compromises were caused by a mole, recalling the wrongful suspicions that had taken place during the search for mole Robert Hanssen in the 1990s.
_	Basilan's nearness to Borneo led to the theory that the Yakan originated from the Dyak.
_	Some scholars argued for a revival of the theory that the sovereignty of the pre-1945 Reich had continued in existence; with the post-1949 Federal Republic as its sole interim representative (albeit only within the FRG boundaries).
_	It cites observations in support of the theory that the collapse of the World Trade Center might have been due to explosives.
_	this fact would later lend credence to the theory that there was an idea floating around to ram the hijacked planes with a jet.
_	Since 1949, the theory that Drake landed at Drakes Bay has been advocated by the Drake Navigators Guild in California, and notably by its former president Captain Adolph S. Oko, Jr., its former honorary chairman Chester W. Nimitz, and its longtime former president Raymond Aker.
_	support the theory that there is an association between level of enzyme activity and clinical presentation.
_	The origin of chess is a disputed issue, but evidence exists to give credence to the theory that chess originated in Persia, and later found its way into the Indian subcontinent.
_	All of this evidence lends weight to the theory that chess in Persia ("Shatranj") pre-dated chess in India ("Chatrang").
_	Permanent Revolution is the theory that the bourgeois democratic tasks in countries with delayed bourgeois democratic development can only be accomplished through the establishment of a workers' state, and that the creation of a workers' state would inevitably involve inroads against capitalist property.
_	A young psychiatrist teams up with him to formulate the theory that includes the element of hypnosis.
_	In several voluminous works, Jennings developed the theory that the origin of all religion is to be sought in phallic worship of the Sun and fire, which he described as "phallism."
_	Coloration, especially of the cheeks, throat and eye region, is very variable across the wide range, giving weight to the theory that this these birds form a superspecies.
_	Newer evaluation of contemporary documents and the Palermo stone inscription strengthen the theory that the cattle count under Khufu was still performed biennially, not annually, as thought earlier.
_	Fiske disagrees with the theory that mass audiences consume the products that are offered to them without thought.
_	Silanka quotes, "They posit the theory that since those who claim knowledge make mutually contradictory assertions, they cannot be stating the truth."
_	While some analysts would put forth the theory that the most highly available systems adhere to a simple architecture (a single, high quality, multi-purpose physical system with comprehensive internal hardware redundancy), this architecture suffers from the requirement that the entire system must be brought down for patching and operating system upgrades.
_	When Chloe accidentally reveals Bernard's identity, Hannah reacts angrily; but she agrees to share her research material, which enables him to propose the theory that one of the 1809 inhabitants, Ezra Chater, was killed in a duel by Lord Byron.
_	The fact that most Romanesque works have remained anonymous has developed the theory that the artist considered that he was not the right person to place his name on works dedicated to God.
_	In 1709, Berkeley published his first major work, "", in which he discussed the limitations of human vision and advanced the theory that the proper objects of sight are not material objects, but light and colour.
_	The other two Justices, Thomas and Scalia, concluded that the defendant's claim would fail even if he had invoked the privilege, on the theory that the prosecutor's comment at the trial—regarding the defendant's silence in response to a question during the police interview—did not "compel" the defendant to give self-incriminating testimony.
_	Chromium was promoted as a sports performance dietary supplement, based on the theory that it potentiated insulin activity, with anticipated results of increased muscle mass, and faster recovery of glycogen storage during post-exercise recovery.
_	In that book, Bracher rejected not only the "Sonderweg" thesis, but also the Marxist theory of National Socialism as the result of a capitalist "conspiracy", the theory that the Treaty of Versailles caused the collapse of the Weimar Republic, and the view that the Nazi dictatorship was simply the work of "fate".
_	The Oxford English Dictionary prefers the theory that it arose from aristocratic rowdies known as "bloods", hence "bloody drunk" means "drunk as a blood".
_	The model is based on the theory that, for an organization to perform well, these seven elements need to be aligned and mutually reinforcing.
_	Some modern scholars generally ascribe the tradition that Hipparchus was himself a cruel tyrant to the cult of Harmodius and Aristogeiton established after the downfall of the tyranny; however, others have advanced the theory that the cult of the tyrannicides was a propaganda coup of the early democratic government to obscure Spartan involvement in the regime change.
_	The Royal Porch is widely accepted to be part of Herod's work; however, recent archaeological finds in the Western Wall tunnels suggest that it was built in the first century during the reign of Agripas, as opposed to the first century BCE, while the theory that Herod began the extension and the Royal Porch is based mainly on Josephus's possibly politically motivated claim.
_	More controversial is the theory that the Tibeto-Burman family is itself part of a larger language family, called Sino-Tibetan, and that through it Tibetan and Burmese are distant cousins of Chinese.
_	In "The Revolt Against Civilization" (1922), Stoddard put forward the theory that civilization places a growing burden on individuals, which leads to a growing underclass of individuals who cannot keep up and a 'ground-swell of revolt'.
_	In a book written by Inokentiy Gizel in 1674, the theory that Moscow was the heir of ancient Kiev was developed and elaborated for the first time
_	Vice President Dick Cheney, who was a proponent of the theory that Atta had met al-Ani in Prague, acknowledged in an interview on March 29, 2006:
_	Because no isotope of technetium has a half-life longer than 4.2 million years (technetium-98), its detection in red giants in 1952, which are billions of years old, helped bolster the theory that stars can produce heavier elements.
_	Later forensic investigations strengthened the theory that the Bangkok bombs were made using the same signature bomb-building techniques and materials as bombs used by southern insurgents.
_	In astronomy, the book proposed the theory that Venus is closer to Earth than the Sun.
_	Philips and fellow "LA Times" reporters wrote articles supporting the theory that Wallace was also killed by the Crips, when he was killed six months later.
_	He is also credited with originating the theory that the Earth was not the center of the Universe.
_	Many archaeological finds support the theory that both castle-hill and area of the town (on an important river-crossing) formed an important seat of local Hallstatt Culture and that the richly furnished mounds (barrows) excavated on eastern suburbs of the city were said to be burial grounds of princes.
_	Most scholars today think that this extract may strengthen the theory that Huni was the last king of the 3rd dynasty and immediate predecessor of king Snefru (the first ruler of the 4th dynasty).
_	When a tenka flies, there is the theory that it makes a "shan shan" sound like the janjanbi of the Nara Prefecture, and thus it is also called a "shanshanbi."
_	The right of a municipality to "warn out" one of its inhabitants was based on the theory that a city has a common law duty to care for its inhabitants when they cannot support themselves; therefore, it was reasoned, the city had the right to "exclude from inhabitancy persons for whose conduct or support they did not desire to be responsible."
_	The protagonist explains that "the Sapir–Whorf hypothesis is the theory that the language you speak determines how you think".
_	"The New York Times" wrote of the film, "In fashioning "Her Sister's Secret" as their first million-dollar production, the film makers at PRC may have been imbued with the theory that soap operas not only affect a lot of people but also sell soap and make money.
_	Modern science has accomplished grand results by the open method of investigation, and is very impatient of the theory that persons who ever attained to real knowledge, either in sciences or metaphysics, could have been content to hide their light under a bushel...
_	This revelation reinforces the theory that the former president was poisoned.
_	In 1897, he claimed that a meteorite that fell near Binghamton, New York in November of that year contained a message from the inhabitants of the planet Mars in the form of hieroglyphs and advanced the theory that such messages had been sent before.
_	However, they noted that this does not detract from the theory that "Postosuchus" could also walk bipedally.
_	The scholarship on "Vishnu Purana", and other Puranas, has suffered from cases of forgeries, states Ludo Rocher, where liberties in the transmission of Puranas were normal and those who copied older manuscripts replaced words or added new content to fit the theory that the colonial scholars were keen on publishing.
_	Such theories are mutually contradictory, and he believes that one’s moral life should be coherent and self-consistent; however, he also believes that each person should be free to adopt the theory that to them is the most intellectually compelling (interpersonal pluralism).
_	Its discovery further reinforces the theory that the Platanistoidea river dolphins originated in the oceans.
_	Some scholars, such as Pamela Gravestock, have written on the theory that medieval people did not actually think such creatures existed but instead focused on the belief in the importance of the Christian morals these creatures represented, and that the importance of the moral did not change regardless if the animal existed or not.
_	Both records of "L. ega" in the Southern Hemisphere indicate movements at the end of summer and beginning of fall, supporting the theory that at least some animals migrate to avoid cold temperatures.
_	Other adherents of the theory that Southampton was the addressee of the "Sonnets" have suggested that his initials, H.W. (Henry Wriothesley), were simply reversed by the publisher to conceal his identity.
_	Based on his field investigations during this period he propounded the theory that correlation and dating of rocks could be undertaken without the help of fossils which he documented in a paper titled "Some Aspects of Sedimentary Petrography in Relation to Stratigraphy in the Bolivar Coast Fields of the Maracaibo Basin, Venezuela" (1928)".
_	This is supported by the theory that Jupiter was flying out of the right hand side of "Leda" in swan form and into the left hand side of "Danaë" in golden-shower form.
_	The presence of heavier elements hails from stellar nucleosynthesis, the theory that the majority of elements heavier than hydrogen and helium in the Universe ("metals", hereafter) are formed in the cores of stars as they evolve.
_	There is still a good argument for the theory that the Hodgson Company was in the market before Sears, and equaled them in production.
_	Galois is honored as the first mathematician linking group theory and field theory, with the theory that is now called Galois theory.
_	The need for chalk in agriculture supports the theory that the origin of deneholes was for chalk extraction.
_	This may disprove the theory that the giant squid is a drifter which eats whatever floats by, rarely moving so as to conserve energy.
_	Gaddis puts forward the theory that an undetected smoldering fire or malfunction in the ship's boiler system might have been responsible for the shipwreck.
_	This accurately describes the aforementioned Hotaru Tomoe, and coincides with her height of popularity in 2channel, giving strength to the theory that the term stemmed from her name.
_	This specimen also contained a lizard in the digestive region, further solidifying the theory that compsognothids consumed small vertebrate species.
_	George Mandler and Seymour Sarason (1952), developed the theory that anxiety present in testing situations is an important determinate of test performance.
_	It refers to all types of the theory that attempt to account for the probabilistic features of quantum mechanics by the mechanism of underlying inaccessible variables, with the additional requirement from local realism that distant events be independent, ruling out "instantaneous" (i.e. faster-than-light) interactions between separate events.
_	The film "lend(s) credence to the theory that its subject was a closeted lesbian", although several people in the film who knew de la Roche and Clement, including their adopted daughter Esmée, state on-camera that they believe the relationship between the two was close but ultimately platonic.
_	Studies of the action of anesthetic molecules led to the theory that this barrier might be made of some sort of fat (lipid), but the structure was still unknown.
_	The case comes to Wolfgang through Harry, a shadowy government figure, who is first to present the theory that the attack could have been a false flag operation.
_	The skeleton of an adult male was found with partially healed rib fractures, which supports the theory that males used their 'horns' to fight each other.
_	In the town of Chapel Hill, open carry is restricted to guns of a certain minimum size, under the theory that small, concealable handguns are more often associated with criminal activity.
_	Prof. Narkiewicz, co-author of the article on the Zachelmie trackways, claimed that the Polish "discovery has disproved the theory that elpistostegids were the ancestors of tetrapods", a notion partially shared by Philippe Janvier.
_	By now, Dave Jones had been replaced as manager by Glenn Hoddle, who decided to move Pahars to a wide position, with the theory that he could scare the opposition, with his dribbling and pace, and provide for others as well as score himself.
_	This in turn made him accept the theory that the Bible was constructed of a patchwork quilt of documents, but his later work was a revolt against the destructiveness of the "higher criticism."
_	Sunday afternoons and weekday nights (especially Tuesday and Wednesday) are common times for sessions to be scheduled, on the theory that these are the least likely times for dances and concerts to be held, and therefore the times that professional musicians will be most able to show up.
_	The following sources generally prescribe to the theory that there is a distinct 20th-century movement called Islamism:
_	And of course one cannot reject the theory that it was simple pragmatism of utilizing insurments and performers close at hand.
_	Following this appeal, there was an allegation of sexual abuse never before reported, and police are now working on the theory that "Lee may have died after intervening to try to stop sexual abuse at a youth club in Cheam".
_	There is also the theory that she used flowers in her works to portray a type of symbolism, with each flower representing something in particular.
_	The hypothesis of common origin for some or all of these languages—that is, the theory that they form a language family—was widespread before the 1960s, but has almost no supporters among specialists today.
_	Instead it states that it would be more beneficial to look out for negative instances and cases which are defined by the theory that we are working with.
_	Defense testimony focused on the theory that Tim Farrar, angry at his father, had set fire to the home.
_	This could refute the theory that the Comoros population is the main population while others represent recent offshoots.
_	This tendency to self-promote under different cognomens supports the theory that Speratus, too, was Brockden Brown.
