_	They maintain the thought that the Confederacy started the war when they initiated combat at Fort Sumter.
_	He woke up one morning with the thought that it would be pleasant to "succumb" to sexual intercourse as a woman.
_	When he makes a passing remark about the children and their parents, Buffy is struck by the thought that the children's parents were never seen or mentioned, and the fact that no one knows the children's names.
_	Kairos in the Sophistic context is based on the thought that speech must happen at a certain time in order for it to be most effective.
_	And the people, as the people of Rey can not bear the thought that the body of such a man is so close to the mausoleum of Shah Abdol-Azim".
_	There was some discussion among State Department officials whether to redo the design again, but given the thought that had gone into the 1885 version, it was decided to recreate that design.
_	The research was "being conducted with the thought that the flying objects might be a celestial phenomenon," or that "they might be a foreign body mechanically devised and controlled."
_	Although the audience anticipated the result at the beginning of the show, holding the thought that there are many advantages for her from her previous ballet training, Thu Minh thought differently.
_	The thought that all the beautiful things and knowledge and experiences you've been through just end when you end scares me, the thought that when you close your eyes for good, it's gone forever."
_	Satisfied with the answer, Nayak gives him some coins and leaves feeling happy at the thought that the man he wanted to kill is already dead.
_	Johnny is not a hardened criminal like Frank, and is tortured by the thought that Fred is facing execution for their crime.
_	Many members admitted their personal satisfaction in the thought that the British might be kept suffering a bit longer.
_	Pathological jealousy, also known as Morbid jealousy, Othello syndrome or delusional jealousy, is a psychological disorder in which a person is preoccupied with the thought that their spouse or sexual partner is being unfaithful without having any real proof, along with socially unacceptable or abnormal behaviour related to these thoughts.
_	Bu is at first hesitant (believing the expedition to be a trick and fearing the humans), he is inspired by the thought that uncovering the humans' plot will make his father proud.
_	Rose is haunted by the thought that she may be illegitimate, and so she rejects the suit of Mrs. Maylie's son Harry for fear that marriage to her may harm his career in the church.
_	No relationship is established with the thought that it will end with heartache and grief, at least experienced by one of the couple.
_	In Scots 'Cheepy' means 'Chirpy' as in bird song or it can mean 'a light kiss', prompting the thought that this may have been a trysting place for courting couples in times past.
_	He tore off a piece of the Sport Wallpapers and kept it to show friends, with the thought that it would make a good nameplate for a car.
_	Rayner is left with the thought that sometimes the past comes back to haunt you no matter what one does, another reminder of the legacy of Hal Jordan that looms over him.
_	The hymn is only distantly related to the readings, concentrating on the thought that the Christians sin and deserve punishment, but may be raised to joy in a "" (blessed death).
_	At this point, the Prisoner comes around to the thought that perhaps his ultimate salvation is to be gained from the stake.
_	They were motivated partly by the thought that an alliance with the government would benefit them, and partly by old feuds with the iwi they fought against.
_	Disgusted by the thought that Tracy's climb up the ladder of success is the result of her calculating and manipulative nature, Jim impulsively hurls a cup of soda at the limo before making a quick getaway.
_	Davies was inspired when seeing an advertisement for Hush Puppies shoes, with the thought that we recognize sadness in the face of Basset hounds, despite knowing that they do not feel sad.
_	Bangles is rather horrified at the thought that Edith might be marrying a murderer, but Buckthorpe's protestations of innocence convince him to give Buckthorpe a chance.
_	The senior Jess can very well rest happy with the thought that the Lapid name, through his son, nephew and grandnephews, continue to contribute to the lively art of film-making in the Philippines.
_	Not a moment passes without my thinking of you and yet the only thing that keeps me happy and satisfied is the thought that you are spending your time in the service of Iran.
_	A local pub owner is said to have used the roll to create the beef on weck, with the thought that the salty top of the roll would encourage his patrons to purchase more drinks.
_	It was not only the hazards of mining and the grim environment of Butte that propelled men and women to frenzied gaiety, but also the thought that here were arenas of self-expression denied them elsewhere in a city ringed by the "copper collar"."
_	A 1978 critique in "The Review of the News" said, "The only thing eerie about "Laserblast" is the thought that the people who made this loser are still running around loose."
_	On these occasions, as when capturing horses and saddles, the soldiers pitied those whom they were robbing, satisfying their consciences with the thought that those who had brought on this distressing war were the ones who were to blame for its fruits."
_	We might indeed have clothed many passages in more elegant German, but, without being in bondage to words, we have been governed throughout by the thought that the faithful rendering of the original text outweighs every other consideration; and the more so because we believe with the very fullest conviction the divine inspiration of the holy scriptures as the revelation of the infinite wisdom of God, and the expression of His gracious character in Jesus Christ.
_	In "Pravda" of 30 November 1939, the day of the outbreak of the Winter War, Stalin was asked for his opinion on the report of "the speech" allegedly made "by Stalin to the Politburo on 19 August", in which he is said to have expressed the thought that the war should go on as long as possible, so that the belligerents are exhausted."
_	John asks Brian about gay sex and says that he thinks about it sometimes, but is put off by the thought that it would be painful.
_	He is angry at the thought that everyone they know thinks they are having a sexual relationship.
_	Responding to the thought that Al Qaeda might want to acquire a nuclear weapon, Cheney observed that the U.S. had to confront a new type of threat, a "low-probability, high-impact event" as he described it.
_	Doyle had bought the story, in the thought that he might use the idea at a later date, but he never did.
_	I hate the thought that a bunch of people are grieving over somebody who did not existi!" ) made a number of observations about the story of Kaycee, among them that no one had ever met Kaycee in person – not even the internet denizens who had been closest to her – and that no obituary was available in a newspaper, anywhere, for a 19-year-old girl named Kaycee Nicole.
_	She looks a lot like Bill's human wife, Caroline, and Lorena, noticing Bill's fascination with the human Judith, turns her into a vampire with the thought that she will help to keep Bill by Lorena's side.
_	Of course, he doesn’t go, but it’s the thought that counts.
_	They were never in a relationship, and there is regret, or at least the thought that if they had, they would have been a great couple—or maybe not.
_	Driven to the edge of suicide by the thought that no one takes him seriously (in addition to viewing three horrible TV adaptations of his life and work)
_	But, once I entertained the thought that maybe I wouldn’t ever have to go and sit in conference rooms with Mastercard to discuss web ads again, I couldn’t shake it.
_	"Ryan's Hope" was moved to 12 noon Eastern/11:00 a.m. Central in October 1984 with the thought that if it had built an audience in a soap-free timeslot in its first 18 months, perhaps it could do so again.
_	The French nation could not rest with the thought that their military supremacy had been broken by the superiority of the Prusso-German armies; their defeats could have proceeded only from the treachery or incapacity of their leaders.
_	Once the sin is committed, the landlord makes the revelation that how he conned Parshuram into believing that the baby was his, which in reality was his nephew’s, and that he could not bear the thought that his crippled nephew sires one and not him.
_	The area was full with the thought that if one life was lost then the people would bring 10 such lives for sacrificing but the developmental work would not stop.
_	At this age, her mother wanted her to study piano with the thought that all girls needed some sort of talent.
_	But some conspiracy theorists claim that the object has been tracked for years, the object name is known but its published coordinates and orbit information are incorrect, and the threat is not publicly listed because of the thought that panic would ensue.
_	In the episode, Gloria discovers an allergic rash on Joe and with the thought that he might be allergic to Stella, she forces Jay to take the dog away for a week.
_	Anderson’s works make prevalent use of copper wire, a signature material which originated from the artist being drawn to copper wire’s ‘shiny, hypnotic’ properties which triggered the thought that copper could represent the connectivity of a digital world and provide a means of ‘memorising’ objects.
_	My Judith is paralyzed by her deed, frozen by the thought that she might give birth to Holofernes' son; she knows that she has passed her boundaries, that she has, at the very least, done the right thing for the wrong reasons.
_	Others also argue that the adagio is a “remembrance of things past due,” hinting at the thought that it is time to advance music to another new level.
_	Charlie is shocked at the thought that Tess could be dead.
_	On his previous trip, though, his daughter's question, about an inland hilltop fortress on neighboring Lefkas island — "But why did they build it "here"?" — had led to the thought that sea levels in the area might once have been much higher, that in turn leading to the idea that higher sea levels might once have cut off the Paliki peninsula from its mainland, Kefalonia, making Paliki an island.
_	Being a weak-minded girl, Bristy accepts the proposal with the thought that as some guy has already died for her and she doesn't want someone to get hurt because of her and starts dating him.
_	The recipient is awarded this medal because he or she ""exemplifies the thought that 'optics transcends all boundaries,' interdisciplinary and international alike"."
_	His daughter, Michaela, was explaining how she had learned the Pledge of Allegiance and he was struck by the thought that, though she had memorized the pledge, she had no idea what many of the words meant.
_	Universalisation leads directly to utilitarianism, Singer argues, on the strength of the thought that one's own interests cannot count for more than the interests of others.
_	Dietz stated that these depictions of women may allow boys and girls to internalize and accept the thought that women are victims, weak, and sex objects.
_	So, they decided to bring back former WCW president Eric Bischoff and former head of creativity Vince Russo, putting them together to run WCW with the thought that they could keep each other's failures in check.
_	She said, "She was worried about the thought that there are other elements that interfere with love.
_	I guess that's the thought that runs through all our minds.
_	The deliberate downright pacifists will, along with the soldier, have much to suffer, but he will be sustained with the thought that, as God lives and the way of Christ is the way where the light dwelleth, his witness is grandly worth while
_	Furthering the thought that pleasure in art derives from its comprehensibility and processing fluency, some authors have described this experience as an emotion.
_	Some speculations lead to the thought that the name came from the prestige and recognition that the marching band started to have at the time.
_	I cringe at the thought that Raymond Damadian was refused his just honor because of his religious beliefs.
_	Mrazović could not accept the thought that Serbia gave up its agreed action in Bosnia and saw this as a rejection of an important precondition for survival of Serbia.
_	When Allenby received this assignment, he first believed it was a joke, because he was still on the thought that the war would be decided on the Western Front.
_	He likes the thought that Jodie likes both sexes, but at the same time has a long history with Texas and is still "massively attracted to her".
_	Mason informed Nash that several members were complaining to him about the party's leadership to him and thathe thought that the majority wanted a new leader to take over.
_	Another study disproves the thought that narrower hips are optimized for locomotion because it was found that a Late Stone Age population Southern Africa that survived largely on terrestrial mobility had women who had uncharacteristically small body size with large pelvic canals.
_	was re-created and thus triggered the thought that rugby once again had a place in
_	And when I read the first poem in this book, “Connective Meaning,” I had the thought that Mend-Oyoo has found indeed what the poet might in fact be able to do in our current time of confusion.
_	Scythrop tears the letters to shreds and consoles himself with the thought that his recent experiences "qualify me to take a very advanced degree in misanthropy; and there is, therefore, good hope that I may make a figure in the world."
_	Initially, the thought that occurs to people when confronted by this app is its implications for sexting.
_	The inspiration for the novel was the time spent in the audience of Yiddish theatre the previous year, bringing him to a new awareness of his heritage, which led to the thought that an innate appreciation for one's heritage lives deep within each person.
_	To corroborate this, there is the thought that “benefits to the Canadian state and Canadian households are translated into a benefit for the domestic workers”.
_	More specifically, researchers have studied these positions with the thought that lack of job security will cause those who do not have permanent positions to come to work more often even if they are sick.
_	The organization's pedagogical philosophy is based on the thought that listening and speaking must precede reading and writing.
_	In Chicago, several of the early cafes, including the 11th inside Merchandise Mart and the 13th at O'Hare International Airport, have been located in close proximity to a Starbucks storefronts with the thought that Starbucks is expanding demand for tea.
_	His reverence for "Bert and his Astons" prompted the thought that almost everyone else who had the good fortune or sense to own an Aston felt the same and “how nice it would be to meet some of these people.
_	Tiernan, speaking through the "Hot Press" website in a statement later published in the magazine, said he was "quite bewildered" and "greatly upset by the thought that these comments have caused hurt to others as this was never my intention".
_	After the high-profile SoHo gallery, he decided to show his works to the Scots in a shopping center in Easterhouse, which he saw as "a metaphor... for areas of social deprivation and the thought that there shouldn’t be a postcode lottery when it comes to access to the arts."
_	"The Source" also wrote an article, saying "Putting to rest the thought that women in Hip-Hop just can't get along, Kim confirmed that she's already got a record in the bag with Eve and Missy and is still working on her documentary and book."
_	A related tradition of vocalise sprang up in the 19th century, with wordless technical etudes set to piano accompaniment, following the fashion of the time of setting even the most mechanical of études to piano accompaniment with the thought that this would inspire the performer to execute the music more artistically.
_	Ruskin drew upon Archibald Alison's "Essays on the Nature and Principles of Taste" (1790–1810) for some of his principles, such as the requirement of leisured poise as the best state for appreciating beauty, the thought that the natural countryside is more conducive to producing an artist than the city, that the glory of architecture lies in its age.
_	She is disturbed by the thought that she committed incest with Artur, who is not really her brother.
_	After Midun saves his wife from drowning, Kacak becomes enraged at the thought that Midun had touched his wife and attacks him.
_	Their eventual marriage was a much more harmonious affair - Martha consoling herself after his death with the thought that "in the 53 years of our marriage there was not a single angry word between us".
_	Nikolai Gumilyov was outraged by the thought that his passionate romantic correspondence might in fact have been with a mocking Maximilian Voloshin.
_	As early as 1954, the policy was being questioned by a conference of social scientists, primarily anthropologists, who concluded that the thought that "assimilation of the American Indian into the normal stream of American life is inevitable, that Indian tribes and communities will disappear" is completely unwarranted.
_	In 1543, Nicolaus Copernicus had already posited that the planets orbited the Sun as the Earth does; combined, these two concepts led to the thought that the planets might be "worlds" similar to the Earth.
_	Wood suggests that it was the idea of the Revolution and the thought that it would bring a utopian society to the new country that made it possible for people to believe they had fallen instead into a time of crisis.
_	Sampath is enraged (with the thought that Kamal somehow seduced or deceived his daughter to marry so far below her own station).
_	What should be grieved at is the thought that he died without finishing the noble mission which his exceptional faculties had destined for him."
_	Cleo Madison had answered Henry with, “One of these days men are going to get over the fool idea that women have no brains and quit getting insulted at the thought that a skirt-wearer can do their work quite as well as they can.
_	Mayu tries to comfort herself with the thought that Wanta will at least be able to live in a safe home with plenty of food, but later breaks down and cries.
_	More than one critic expressed the thought that the portrayal of the strong female lead rocker was unusual in Christian music, and this probably enhanced the albums appeal.
_	Fersen reacted furiously with a volume of poems appropriately titled "So sang Marsyas" – an exalted song of praise for Nino, since he was frightened by the thought that Nino would abandon him.
_	At a White House reception on October 27, 1982, President Ronald Reagan welcomed her with the thought that
_	He began studying medicine, with the thought that the extra knowledge would aid his teaching.
_	But America vibrates with glowing pride at the thought that out from our country has come this fresh spirit of the air and that the whole world hails
_	Clara lives tormented with the thought that she will never marry, since in that small town, the only bachelor is her sister's fiance, Leandro, who initiates an uncontrollable passion in her.
_	England declared when Hardstaff was out with the thought that the pitch would get more difficult, but Grant made 47 out of 56 with three sixes off Tom Goddard.
_	Holmes wrote that "if there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other, it is the principle of free thought—not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate."
_	The approach to the house was by two drives of considerable length, that in the east skirting the Dolaucothi Roman Gold Mines (Ogofau, near Pumsaint), while that in the west was flanked by four lines of ancient oaks — the "very noble oaks" that George Borrow (1803–1881) remarked upon when he walked along the avenue in 1854 to glimpse the house, charmed by the thought that "he had never seen a more pleasing locality".
_	Thus the functional aspects are learned through experiential learning, and the curriculum's are developed from the thought that education is a process taking place in the classroom, and in the community.
_	Nevertheless, he finds comfort in the thought that the executions helped to prevent rumors of his affair from spreading.
_	The idea of "Lawless Darkness" is based upon the thought that light is a impulse of restriction and definition.
_	the thought that you might have once passed on the street the person you are now married to.
_	Matt II admitted that not seeing local beverage products at the event "was a real blow to our pride", arguing that such oversights eliminated "the thought that its in the community's self interest to be a booster of those products which it makes itself."
_	FHS is also in the differential, which logically agrees with the thought that the disease is a result of a mutation in SRCAP, as this gene interacts with CBP.
_	they could not even get his body out of the pass, that it might have been burned"; but at last, he consoled himself with the thought that Bir Bar was now free and independent of all earthly fetters, and as the rays of the sun were sufficient for him, there was no necessity that he should be cleansed by fire.
_	Alexandru Macedonski repeatedly expressed the thought that, unlike his contemporaries, posterity would judge him a great poet.
_	The "Bodhisattva-bhumi", a key Mahayana text, states that if a Bodhisattva sees someone about to kill other Bodhisattvas, they may take it upon themselves to kill this murderer with the thought that:
_	That, in turn, prompts the thought that almost anybody should be able to get 110 minutes of something out of 45 hours of anything, even if it's simply the filmed record of a chic, chaotic, seven-day brawl in East Hampton, which is the raw, not-so-base material of "Maidstone"."
_	(I flatter myself with the thought that it’s my last extravagancy.
_	Most people misunderstood Ukpo for Ifite-Ukpo, with the thought that Ifite-Ukpo is a village in Ukpo.
_	In July 2008, the "New York Times" quoted Busquets who was discussing Net-a-porter at Paris Fashion Week: "I never invested in Net-a-Porter with the thought that I would be one of the major investors.
_	Sir Perceval the father was a valiant knight who was killed in combat by a dastardly Red Knight and in grief at her husband's death, and in distress at the thought that her baby might grow up to share this same fate, Acheflour retires into the forest to bring up her young son in seclusion, away from all the temptations of arms.
_	Meanwhile, with 12 years of wretched life in the prisons and the thought that his wife and child had perished due to poverty, he seems to lose his mental balance.
_	Opponents of the Route 92 project hailed this decision for the thought that the environmental impact statement (EIS) would back up their beliefs.
_	It's inspired by the thought that perhaps nature isn't as gentle as we'd like to believe.
_	She supported the marriage of Ulrika Eleonora to Frederick of Hesse with the thought that Ulrika Eleonora would then move to Hesse, which would make it easier for Charles Frederick to succeed to the Swedish throne.
_	Jazz then thinks "it's the thought that counts" only ending up with Will throwing Jazz out through the backdoor with the pillow.
_	In the season two finale, while Damon is dying due to a werewolf bite, she forgives him for forcing her to drink his blood and kisses him with the thought that it might be Damon's last day, however Damon gets cured by drinking Klaus' blood.
_	Contrary to the thought that much of the local economy is now dominated by tourism, Ooty is still a supply base and market town for the surrounding area which is still largely dependent on agriculture, including the cultivation of "English vegetables" and "English fruits" grown locally.
_	While presenting himself to the world as a man of honour and accepting his fate courageously, Lody may have found comfort and strength in the thought that whoever had doubted his honour previously would now be persuade otherwise."
_	During the 19th century, the phrase "The White Man's Burden", referring to the thought that whites have the obligation to make the societies of the other peoples more 'civilized', was widely used to justify imperialist policy as a noble enterprise.
_	I was frightened—as I still am—by the thought that analogous genetical processes of deterioration may be at work with civilized humanity.
_	At that time the stability of these two reaction products was unknown, but based on existing theories Hans Bethe thought that tritium would be stable and helium-3 unstable.
_	But we would pay tribute to those who made the supreme sacrifice, who died gallantly in action, happy in the thought that they had done what they could and that they were giving their lives for others."
_	The first recitative adds the thought that the name of Jesus is a gift for the New Year.
_	Her stepmother Debbie, took care of her with all her heart by the thought that she was her biological daughter.
_	Having returned to the murder scene, Wozzeck becomes obsessed with the thought that the knife he killed Marie with will incriminate him, and throws it into the pond.
_	Brennan plants the thought that their ringleader might just ride off with all the money, so Chink leaves the camp to keep an eye on Frank.
_	"I was uncomfortable with the thought that this was just the beginning of an unsettling new era in film, in which we would lurch from crisis to crisis without any suitable solution in sight," Valenti wrote.
_	At a party on 5 October 1888 given to demonstrate the technology, Sullivan recorded a speech to be sent to Edison, saying, in part: "I am astonished and somewhat terrified at the result of this evening's experiments: astonished at the wonderful power you have developed, and terrified at the thought that so much hideous and bad music may be put on record forever.
_	Similarly, even scientists were intrigued by the thought that the idea of spatio-temporal unity that had taken Albert Einstein seven years to ponder, was readily available to the Hopi, simply because of the grammar of their language.
_	In "American Pie 2", at the lake house party, she and Stifler briefly entertain the thought that their animosity might be due to sexual tension which they immediately scoff at and laugh off.
_	Evidence pointing towards the latter of these two ideas has been presented by Professor Robert Hannah of The University of Waikato, who has pointed to the thought that these signs could represent the month of October, which the emperor had renamed after Hercules during his rule:
_	By the time that a several volunteer companies in South Arkansas had recruited and organized, the State had already reached its original goal of eight regiments, so the services of these new companies were declined on the thought that war would not last long.
_	Although Schweitzer enjoyed life as a philosopher, musician, and biblical scholar, he was plagued by "the thought that I must not accept this happiness as a matter of course, but must give something in return for it."
_	His motives are unclear but he wants to entertain the thought that there is reasonable doubt about the guilt of the boy.
_	I cannot bear the thought that an electron exposed to a ray should by its own free decision choose the moment and the direction in which it wants to jump away.
_	The lack of a static line and the thought that his unconscious body striking the ground in unknown territory would not bring immediate medical attention forced a quick decision.
_	"The magazine Drita awakened the sacred national ideal and influenced to establish in the Albanians' hearts the thought that religions can not change a nation, because they cannot change the language and customs that create a nation."
_	(For his part, Andrews absolves himself of responsibility with the thought that the corruption mostly went on far above his pay grade.)
_	Colbert also helped promote the thought that a non-important structure called "The Surveyor Shed," was a genuine relic, though it was not.
_	Some of these tensions were a result of the thought that the AMA supported primary care over medical and surgical specialties.
_	All knowledge for Coleridge rests on the "coadunation" of subject and object, of the representation in the mind (thought) of a sense experience with the object itself, which can only occur where there is a connection between subject and object ('a reciprocal concurrence of both') beyond pure sense-experience, such that the thought that arises out of 'the mind's self-experience in the act of thinking' produces not a representation but a phenomenon (in the Heideggerian sense) that is the re-enactment in the mind of reality (such as for Collingwood in his "Idea of History") and as such is knowledge that is apodictic, heuristic and hermeneutic all at the same time.
_	Abe gives the thought that perhaps this is an older, more prototypical type of "zashiki-warashi".
_	"And then she got really angry" at the thought that she had become "a sort of mournful cosmic last resort".
_	As Superman starts to get excited at the thought that Batman is asking him for help, Batman corrects him and says he was asking Green Lantern for help.
_	In 794, Charlemagne settled four former Gallo-Roman villas on Louis, in the thought that he would take in each in turn as winter residence:
_	His brother, Gilbert Wills (who became the first Lord Dulverton) and Canon Sewell (the first Chair of Governors) entertained the thought that 'if there had been no Magdalen, there would have been no Rendcomb'.
_	Liz is heartbroken and angry at the same time at the thought that Max is leaving her.
_	The poem reflects the poet's utter dejection and hopelessness expressing the thought that the world will not correct itself, but perpetuate its evils in an ever-ascending spiraling pattern of violence.
_	In the thought that the poor baby has to hear that all day, he decides to take the microphone with the excuse that he wants to talk to the baby too.
_	It represents the notion that the simple things in life are treasures, alongside the thought that the richness and fullness of a life well-lived is defined by one's view of self-expression.
_	When Sam finds out, he refuses to leave Chris alone, though Tess wants him to be beside her on her big night, and is embarrassed at the thought that the public will wonder where he is.
_	As the patrol leaves, Ashfoot tells ThunderClan that she sighted Sol near the sight of Ashfur's dead body, and this leads to the thought that Sol killed Ashfur.
_	Being afraid of being held responsible for a death, Geetha accepts the proposal with the thought that as some guy has already died for her and she doesn't want someone to get hurt because of her and starts dating him.
_	He felt with the thought that the ranch “was the only place on earth…
_	This is what motivates the idea of using interpretability to compare theories, i.e., the thought that, if B interprets T, then B is at least as strong (in the sense of 'consistency strength') as T is.
_	Guided by the thought that children are our greatest treasure and that the future belongs to them, investing in their football development and building of sports habits, has always been and will remain our top strategic priority.
_	Phil Freeman, in his review for AllMusic states, "He can clearly make a piano do just about anything he wants it to, and "Solo" is a project that puts the thought that went into its construction clearly visible, but it's never breathtaking in the way a truly great solo piano performance can be".
_	The Narrator explains that Ahrima is very frustrated at the thought that his skills are being misused and ignored, but Nidria is there to calm his frustration.
_	"The Sick Child" in Rijksmuseum from c. 1664 "prompts the thought that Metsu strongly admired Vermeer's work.
_	As "Woodford"s commanding officer recounted, "While the stirring news was received on board "Woodford" with joy, the joy was tinged with the thought that, after all, a terrific job lay ahead."
_	The couple was further estranged when Louise von Plessen advised Caroline Matilda to claim to be indisposed when the King expressed a wish for physical intimacy, with the thought that distance would make the King more eager; instead, though, it only made him more unwilling.
_	Speech that demeans on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, religion, age, disability, or any other similar ground is hateful; but the proudest boast of our free speech jurisprudence is that we protect the freedom to express "the thought that we hate".
_	In the "Red Dwarf" episode "Better Than Life", Holly notes that even though loneliness weighs heavily on us all, "Personally, the only thing that keeps me going is the thought that we are over 60 billion miles away from the nearest Berni Inn."
_	This visualization is to be combined with "divine pride", which is "the thought that one is oneself the deity being visualized."
_	This is the result of the thought that like must come from like.
_	Gosse into questioning his faith; his own studies into marine biology demonstrate that species are not immutable, yet he is troubled at the thought that this challenges the validity of Creation given in the bible.
_	The whole tone of his talk was so Christian in content that every believer's heart should have been warmed by the thought that he was talking our language."
_	More likely, however, is the thought that blood returning to her face, after the strangulation, makes her cheeks "rosy."
_	Roger becomes obsessed with the thought that Dale is having an affair with his wife, Esther.
_	Holmes wrote that "if there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other, it is the principle of free thought—not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate."
_	The teacher interjected the thought that pigs and spiders cannot talk.
_	In relation to the Judeo-Christian tradition, Næss offers the following criticism: "The arrogance of stewardship [as found in the Bible] consists in the idea of superiority which underlies the thought that we exist to watch over nature like a highly respected middleman between the Creator and Creation."
_	The work abounds in metaphors and similes and brings home the thought that all living beings will eventually evolve into perfect beings.
_	An of Han, frightened by the thought that Han would be the next target of the Qin state, immediately sent diplomats to surrender the entire kingdom without a fight, saving the Han populace from the terrible potential consequences of an unsuccessful resistance.
_	Janet Maslin, writing for the New York Times Book review (January 3, 2006), wrote: "“And ‘Dog Days’ is predicated on the thought that it is a short leap from a blog to blovel.”"
_	She saw plots everywhere, [and] was obsessed with the thought that she was being bugged."
_	Abbas's loyalty to Hussein was so great that, though he was very thirsty, Abbas drank no water because he could not bear the thought that Sakinah was thirsty.
_	Hatfield takes a similar line saying, "Descartes adopts a common practice from the spiritual exercises upon which his metaphysical meditations are modelled, devising a program for training the will to keep the old beliefs at bay" adding, "It seems likely that he chose to call his hypothetical deceiver a "malicious demon" in order to avoid having the meditator concentrate extensively on the thought that God could be a deceiver, a proposition he considered false and one he intended to refute later."
_	Now suppose we want to express the thought that "if you have stolen some money, it ought to be a small amount of money".
_	The theology of daseinsanalysis is centered on the thought that the human Dasein (Human existence) is open to any and all experience.
_	This led to a high rise in juvenile delinquency because more children and teens were implanted with the thought that carrying out bad actions was okay.
_	It is common to hear of incidents that result due to friction between those who strongly believe in the chosen official language, and those who follow the thought that the chosen language(s) do not take into account everyone's preferences.
_	Enraged by the thought that the man would leave his family, Connor attacks the cop.
_	Thinking and the thought that it is are the same; for you will not find thinking apart from what is, in relation to which it is uttered.
_	He consoles himself by the thought that all this was a turn of Destiny.
_	AllMusic said that the record "expands mightily on the promise and power of their debut, "Suicide Notes and Butterfly Kisses"", praising the band for using the effects from touring for their first album to "bring[s] forth an explosion of creativity" throughout the track listing, concluding that with "a set of songs this good it's hard to resist the thought that Atreyu's punishing work ethic may not be such a bad thing for their music."
_	But the thought that her little girl might grow up to cower in the shadow of a brutal husband spurred her to find a way out.
_	Originally, the proposal for the council was turned down with the thought that the Commission on Human Rights would be sufficient to deal with women’s issues.
_	One of the discussants said she believes everyone has experienced similar situations in their school years, and she thinks the thought that "an educator could ever do something so useless and pointless with the children's time" is "frightening".
_	The mystical notion of the "race that will bring order to the world" found its way from Gobineau via Eulenburg and Chamberlain to the Kaiser, and this notion in turn gave rise to the thought that "the world should be healed by the German spirt."
_	Without care for his personal safety and inspired only by the thought that his battalion must go forward, Major Emory, though exposed to direct machine gun fire and in plain view of the enemy, calmly moved back and forth along his whole front encouraging his troops and personally directing the attack.
_	This opinion was in contrary to the thought that the Sphinx is, in fact, the sole constructive at the location, designed to guard the Pyramids.
_	Jane identifies "I'm worthless and a failure" as the hot thought, the thought that invokes the greatest amount of negative emotion in her situation.
_	Some theories allude to the thought that each emotion serves a specific purpose in coordinating organismic needs with environmental demands (cole 1994).
_	Miller ends her article with the thought that genres are partly rhetorical education through her statement, "as a recurrent, significant action, a genre embodies an aspect of cultural rationality".
_	Turner is contented by the thought that each man, who had helped with his recovery after the plane crash, had succeeded in making a good life in his own way.
_	Colette consoles herself with the thought that she will have Clément back, Mary disappointed, finding the false king more charming than the real one.
_	He initiated the thought that the ideal of political representation under religious identity was no longer prudent after independence and the organisation might be named as Pakistan League.
_	She could not live with the thought that her husband's life was in continuous danger under the Nyilas regime.
_	Gregers, whose mother died believing that Gina and Håkon had carried on an affair, becomes enraged at the thought that his old friend is living a life built on a lie.
_	In a December 2005 interview, Ogbeha said "The constitution was made without the thought that we will have cowboys who will operate it and these cowboys are bringing us shame and disgrace".
_	This can clearly rule out the first hypothesis noted above, indicating the thought that visually directed actions always avoid the matter of perception.
_	Upon his wife's sudden comeback, Moy is in fact glad; but he just couldn’t help but fear the thought that she might take their child away from him soon.
_	The beasts and fowl of their own accord entered the kitchen of Solomon's palace, so that they might be used as food for him, and extravagant meals for him were prepared daily by each of his 700 wives and 300 concubines, with the thought that perhaps the king would feast that day in her house.
_	However, when the Savanters grew older and saw their deaths approaching, they grew angry at the thought that all their knowledge would die with them.
_	For example, Mont Blanc, 'with its snowfields', cannot be a component of the thought that Mont Blanc is more than 4,000 metres high.
_	Samuel Croxall ends the ‘application’ in his "Fables of Aesop and Others" (1722) on the thought that “it becomes us, as we are reasonable Creatures, to behave ourselves as such and to do as few Things as possible of which we may have Occasion to repent”.
_	So the thought that I maybe couldn't do it made me be like, 'Oh, yeah, I'm doin' it!'
_	I flash on the thought that the masters of post-emo pop music are now looking for either fast food employment, or poison, because they can’t compete with the sheer pop explosion of Rockford.""
_	While Indians in other areas of the New World (such as Hispaniola) were being treated poorly by European masters, and other nations were actively engaged in the slave trade, the English prided themselves on the thought that they were “liberators” who allied with these black slaves against the Spanish.
_	The death of Leo saddened and frustrated the fans but left them with the thought that these two were meant to be together," she said.
_	So when handsome classmate Izumi Oda asks Hana to join the school hockey club in return for being run over by his 'uninsured' car, persuading her with the thought that she has to pay for the damages to the car.
_	The song tells of a mother exhorting her soldier son to remember to say his nightly prayers, while the singer comforts the mother with the thought that the soldier's actions are all the prayer he needs, saying "He serves his maker when he serves his country's needs."
_	Eliot, later on in his career, was challenged with the thought that the dissociation within literature had been caused by the English Civil War in the mid 17th century.
_	Azuriel's jealousy is inflamed at the thought that his rival might soon reawaken, and he demands that Albion be promptly married off to a mortal maiden.
_	She succeeds in getting him to try to commute the sentence; besides her persuasion, he is also motivated by the thought that he is still young and may see a day when the execution will be a stain on his character.
_	There is an increasing sense of tension and doom during Anna and Chantel’s two month stay on the island; Monique grows more and more distraught and angry over the thought that Red doesn’t love her, and Anna finds out that Chantel had married Rex before they set sail.
_	Meanwhile, Raj's business partner (Adi Irani) has begun sexually harassing Madhu until she's ready to leave Switzerland, upset at the thought that Raj told his friend that she is a prostitute, although he didn't.
_	That year, in the course of a trip to London in the company of Jean-Baptiste du Hamel, secretary of the Académie, he witnessed an unsuccessful blood transfusion effected by the Royal Society in hopes of curing a madman, with the thought that the human passions were transmitted in the blood.
_	That, along with the thought that the Sheriff is responsible for the murder and J.D.'s last words that it's all about her, causes others to partly blame her, until Madison tells the truth that the Sheriff is not the killer.
_	These are thought to arise from the thought that Christopher Columbus had originally believed that he had reached India rather than the Americas on his voyage.
_	This leads to the thought that the seemingly random scattering of these seeds is not inherited, and that each generation or meiosis has its own distinct scatter.
_	A large number of political exiles from Nazi Germany sought refuge in Moscow during the mid-1930s and there were concerns on the part of the leadership that these might include people who dabbled with the thought that Leon Trotsky might have made a better successor to Lenin than Joseph Stalin.
_	[...] notice of the dominant tone in the most respected associations: consider Dr. Mendel and the Drs Stéphane, the state of fury that is theirs, and their literally police-like appeal at the thought that someone might try to escape the Oedipal dragnet.
_	The case is best known, however, for Justice Holmes's phrase concerning "freedom for the thought that we hate," which has become a favorite statement of the underlying principles of free speech embodied in the First Amendment.
_	He channels the node-power and assaults his enemy, comforted by the thought that he will join his beloved Tylendel.
_	The distinction between these two types of plagiarism is in the underlying memory bias responsible—specifically, is it the thought that is forgotten, or the thinker?
_	"I'm shocked at the thought that a company would be permitted to manufacture an electronic product that the government would not be able to search" he said.
_	Gianni is haunted by the thought that he missed the importance of something he saw at Berti's house.
_	Rather than the doctor being needed to attend to the ailing Voice and Music, Barry McGovern has put forward the thought that it is the man himself who is seeking medical attention and draws a parallel with the Bolton and Holloway story in "Embers".
_	The German crew, in a panic at the thought that the U-boat could sink at any moment, surrendered quickly.
_	The lack of a static line and the thought that his unconscious body striking the ground in unknown territory would not bring immediate medical attention forced a quick decision.
_	The narrator entertains the thought that all schools use the same interior layout and decorations, which would explain why he recognizes every door sign or picture on the wall.
_	As he himself said in an article written for Scottish Field in 1956: "When I found that what I wanted most to do in life was to write for a Scottish Theatre I knew that I should always be poor, but I consoled myself with the thought that I could at least live where I liked."
_	Kenneth Hite states that ""Unknown Armies" tells us that the only reality is what human beings choose to make of it, and frightens us with the thought that only insane people care enough to really change it.
_	They duly did, significantly influenced by the thought that they could not afford to lose their friend in Parliament.
_	Lyrics also imply that the man has never really been qualified for crime; however, the promise of a big payoff, and the thought that this might make his girlfriend stay with him, has caused him to get in over his head.
_	Surprised at the thought that Steve has finally become a better person, she decides to go.
_	Unable to escape the thought that her parents could have kidnapped her, Jennifer/Janie and her friend Reeve (Johnny Green), track down the Sands family and realize she has exactly the same red hair as every member of their family.
_	It read in part, "When reviewing all the facts and evidence in the case it was impossible for me to exclude the thought that I had not proved first degree murder beyond a doubt."
_	When she refused this suggestion, he asked for a reconciliation and selected Munck as a mediator with the thought that the queen would find Munck attractive, as she seemed to like his company and he was similar to her in his appearance.
_	From 1940, she lived in perpetual anxiety and was not able shake off the thought that the Regency was only a moribund and transitory situation, and so she feared to think how it might end.
_	When Karen learns that Harold experiences everything she writes, she is horrified by the thought that her books may have killed real people.
_	In the episode, "The Sins of the Father", Arthur voiced the thought that it was possible that not all magic users were evil when Merlin cautioned him not to trust the sorceress, Morgause, too quickly.
_	As a whole, "The Kills" is an ambitious and complex meta-thriller that spins its many stories like plates, tantalising you at every turn with the thought that it might all be one big story, if only you could see through the noise to the pattern behind".
_	Still, the young man cannot free himself from the thought that the Church has been linked to fascist doctrine, and, has, in fact, been supporting this "assassin gang."
_	There was very little question that special publications and exhibits would be prepared, but museum officials were left with the thought that the exhibit could still be so much more than that.
_	In modern times the intrinsically calligraphic nature of the written Arabic form is haunted by the thought that a typographic approach to the language, necessary for digitized unification, will not always accurately maintain meanings conveyed through calligraphy.
_	There is indeed a strong emotional appeal in the thought that every little effort an animal puts forth is somehow transmitted to his progeny.
_	Apostle John A. Widtsoe, a contemporary of Roberts, wrote that the afterlife "is given radiant warmth by the thought that ... [we have] a mother who possesses the attributes of Godhood."
_	Though still distressed by the thought that Teseo is attempting this to rescue Carilda whom he loves, Arianna passes this information on to Teseo.
_	According to Mommsen, Caepio was presumably motivated into action by the thought that Maximus might be successful in negotiations and claim all the credit for a successful outcome; he launched a unilateral attack on the Cimbri camp on 6 October.
_	Masha is in shock, terrified with the thought that she killed Bryan too.
_	Amsterdam saves Bill from an assassination attempt, and is tormented by the thought that he may have done so out of honest devotion.
_	The play was inspired by the Women's Rights Act in 1970 and explored the thought that women were treated unequally to men in England, both at the time in which the play takes place, and the time in which the play was written.
_	I also like the thought that we all do this, we all have versions of ourselves.
_	Nabulungi, heartbroken at the thought that she will never reach paradise, curses God for forsaking her ("Hasa Diga Eebowai [Reprise]").
_	Rhode Islanders were angry at the thought that they would be forced to buy a station they had invested greatly in creating.
_	Many people will be shocked just by the thought that long discredited fascism could mutate into the spirit of another age.
_	"[It was] a problem thought previously insolvable with a very elegant solution: X2 + Y2 = Z². Although I’m far from a mathematician, I enjoyed the thought that two opposing ways of thinking could be linked by a simple equation.
_	When Ruth visits the USS Arizona memorial she mentions that she can only guess at the history of her father’s ancestry which connotes the thought that her knowledge of her paternal family is extremely limited.
_	Cécile suffers under Henning's love for Marie and the thought that he never loved her.
_	They were encouraged by the thought that Horton would succeed in getting Texian reinforcements from Guadalupe Victoria to Fannin.
_	Upon his wife’s sudden comeback, Moy is in fact glad; but he just couldn’t help but fear the thought that she might take their child away from him sooner or later."
_	In this book, Simpson stated: "I am not naturally a man of violence, but there is one thing from the thought of which I shrink more than from violence or its consequences, and that is the thought that our people may not rise to throw off the death that is being clamped upon them."
_	The religion of Moloch — as such creeds may be generically called — is in essence the cringing submission of the slave, who dare not, even in his heart, allow the thought that his master deserves no adulation.
_	They comfort themselves with the thought that women in the past had worse morning chores:
_	Following Christopher Moltisanti's death, Benny is saddened, as the two were close, but consoled himself with the thought that Chris had persevered to battle his drug problem.
_	Noda described the song as coming from the thought that if everyone eventually dies, everything between then and birth is pointless.
_	Case then closes with the warning: "Finally, let me reiterate the thought that this is not to be used for vulgar fortune telling, or to amuse a party of friends.
_	The kids, heartbroken at the thought that the club is over, sing "To Sir With Love" to thank Will for all he's done.
_	In 1848, Kierkegaard wrote, "I had real Christian satisfaction in the thought that, if there were no other, there was definitely one man in Copenhagen whom every poor person could freely accost and converse with on the street; that, if there were no other, there was one man who, whatever the society he most commonly frequented, did not shun contact with the poor, but greeted every maidservant he was acquainted with, every manservant, every common laborer."
_	This choice was based on the thought that it was not the format that attracted people, but Rhods interaction with 'real' characters and allowing them their own space to shine on screen.
_	We were absolutely appalled at the thought that somebody would try to do something like that and justify it by bringing in Teebane.
_	Molly works the store, does the housework, and looks after the children, happy in the thought that some day her boy will become famous and rescue her from drudgery.
_	She concludes with the thought that ordinary people owe killers like Hitler and Kissinger a debt of gratitude for making their self-deceit possible.
_	This was the thought that possessed me.
_	The involvement of the Jesuits in general, and du Lac in particular, is now described as a myth, set off by Frederick Conybeare, and given substance by Reinach; the thought that there was a Jesuit conspiracy to prevent the rehabilitation of Alfred Dreyfus is called "demonstrably a total delusion".
_	The hymn is only distantly related to the readings, concentrating on the thought that the Christians sin and deserve bad treatment, but may be raised to joy in a "" (blessed death).
_	First both channels created impression that the anchor stopped the conversation as soon as Amanda's aunt expressed the thought that it was Georgia to blame for the conflict.
_	This, in turn, allowed him to improve the drainage of his pits, unworried by the thought that he was also draining his neighbours'.
_	'Our work is based on the thought that 'What you have inherited from your forefathers, you must acquire for yourselves to possess it'.
_	Their parents have no objection to the union, but it comes as a real shock to Maleeha, as she is unable to fathom the thought that Zara, an average status girl, could marry her brother who is eligible in all means.
_	An example of cognitive defusion would be when someone thinks "I am the worst," and then notices the thought for what it is—mere words—perhaps by saying to themselves "I am having the thought that I am the worst".
_	Goethe thought that there were transcendental archetypes in the living world which could be perceived by genius.
_	In the piece Ahmad Bābā and the Ethics of Slavery, he claims that his beliefs fueled the thought that those who identified as Muslim no longer had to be enslaved, but anyone that was an outsider (or nonbeliever) would then be enslaved by Muslims.
_	By 0310, the submarine had reloaded and began tracking again with the thought that the torpedoes had only dented the battleship's armor belt.
_	This led to the thought that athletics had to be present in order to obtain arete.
_	Priya leaves for India on the night before Vicky wins the challenge, heartbroken at the thought that Vicky is marrying someone else.
_	A great misconception is the thought that this assumption is necessary.
_	Most of this centered around the thought that, despite the fact that the story had no connection to the history of Timothy Hunter, you still needed to know that history to fully understand many plot details.
_	In 1998, the Stags Club was re-created and thus triggered the thought that rugby had a place in the Mauritian Sport and the potential needed to be exploited.
_	I encountered a wall of cognitive dissonance at the thought that the practice was attested to in increasingly detailed Clean Slate proclamations.
_	Indeed, a routine assumption of many scholars has been that understanding "American constitutionalism" necessarily entails the thought that went into the drafting of the federal constitution and the American experience with that constitution since its ratification in 1789.
_	Ebert also wrote about the sentimentality of the film, ""Joyeux Noël" has its share of bloodshed, especially in a deadly early charge, but the movie is about a respite from carnage, and it lacks the brutal details of films like "Paths of Glory" ...Its sentimentality is muted by the thought that this moment of peace actually did take place, among men who were punished for it, and who mostly died soon enough afterward.
_	'Ballyhoo Barnes' wasn't all that much less silly, but it's the thought that counts!
_	He was appalled by the thought that Europe had food surpluses while parts of Africa were wracked by famine.
_	In despair at the thought that Theseus will not return, Ariadne nevertheless decides to go to the landing area to wait for him.
_	He concludes with the thought that many needy people (like himself prior to his epiphany) are just those who do not feel needed.
_	As she stood waiting in front of the cellar door, Julia contemplated the thought that her treatments might have killed Barnabas while he rested; she was relieved when he emerged, albeit with increased bloodlust, from the cellar.
_	In 2010, "GamesTM" listed him among the greatest game characters, commenting that he "may be one of the most annoying characters in gaming" but "Mr. Resetti is so meticulously designed with the express purpose of annoying that it's hard not to respect the thought that went into him."
_	The "time bind" refers to the lack of time parents had to themselves, the feeling that they were always running late and the thought that they were confined to the limited hours of the day.
_	Believing it to be true, she cried bitterly, but soon comforted herself with the thought that the sacrifice had been offered at the command of God.
_	PCHS stands by the thought that "The historical support of "The Wildcat Philosophy" identifies Paden City High School as one whose expectations for students are high.
_	He also said that Giuliani "was imbued with the thought that if he was right, it was like a God-given right.
_	Adam Harrold, of Rock Something, finished his review with the thought that the album "might not be smartest record of 2006, but it is the sweatiest."
_	He finds consolation in the thought that the couple had been profusely blessed by gods and nothing untoward could happen.
_	Nonetheless, the song contains what has been termed "one of the most oft-repeated of Dylan's life lessons", the thought that "to live outside the law you must be honest", which was later invoked in many bohemian and counter-cultural contexts.
_	The concept of transignification is based on the thought that there are two kinds of presence, local and personal.
_	While the horse has been meticulously studied in order to be recreated for other artists' works, the saddle cloth was copied with the thought that it was part of the standard Roman uniform.
_	She is a cynical character who puts up the front that she despises the thought that her housemate Miles has romantic interests in her.
_	The story is written in third-person limited narrative and reveals a number of Ray's more egocentric thoughts throughout the story's events, such as being disturbed at the similarity between the manager's attempts at mouth-to-mouth resuscitation and French kissing, the thought that a bystander might give him a mercy fuck, and, as the story closes, the thought that he can now smoke whatever, whenever, and wherever he likes.
_	Maddocks consoles McQuade with the thought that bachelors make the best soldiers because "they have nothing to lose but their loneliness."
_	Neither driver took 100% of responsibility while senior members of the team alluded to the thought that Webber had not provided "enough room" for Vettel.
_	The dejected Shah was angered by Mossadegh's "insolence" (according to Abbas Milani, he angrily paced in the rooms of his palace at the thought that he would be reduced to a figurehead).
_	This name was given because of the thought that they had a lower cultural level, compared to other native cultures of Mesoamerica.
_	The author of the imaginary book goes on to say that while life under machine rule might be materially comfortable for humans, the thought of the human race being superseded in the future is just as horrifying to him as the thought that his distant ancestors were anything other than fully human (apparently Butler imagines the author to be an Anti-evolutionist), so he urges that all machines which have been in use for less than 300 years be destroyed to prevent this future from coming to pass:
_	Some radio stations refused to play the record because of the thought that the lyric "I'd do anything for you/Anything you'd want me to" might be construed as indecent.
_	He cannot bear the thought that her will is stronger than his and writes her a letter intended to make her fall in love with him again, even though he has no intention of requiting this love.
_	I couldn't sleep with the thought that I might be standing in the way of loving couples joining together in marriage."
_	It was praised for its "believable characters" and the thought that "switching between the hero and villain's point of view really works."
_	God be worshipped by the thought that one is same as Him, which is "jnana".
_	These communications came not only from Chatham and Virginia but the North, South, East, West, and abroad... all the hearts and minds of these people were uplifted by the thought that from these ashes would be born a greater Hargrave."
_	Laidlaw admitted that the team never expected the game to perform as well as "Origins", the thought that the title would score higher.
_	The song was written about his kids and the thought that when they get older and become teenagers, it will be harder to discipline them.
_	For a long time, many mathematicians did not even entertain the thought that there might be a distinction between the notions of infinite set and Dedekind-infinite set.
_	The phrase "renounce not the hope of retribution" was perhaps intended to comfort the Pharisees with the thought that Hyrcanus himself would not escape punishment, while the other two injunctions were designed maybe to keep them from joining the Sadducees.
_	In his memoirs, Anania describes Buzdugan as a mediocre poet, his Orthodox devotional pieces comparable to Lord's Army hymns, adding: "He grew old with the impression of him being a great poet, and I became awfully sad at the thought that I might grow old with that same impression of myself."
_	Jordan Sargent of "Spin" believed that "SR3MM" "sports some of the duo's best ever songs", adding the thought that "it feels hypnotic and bewitching, the conjuring of a spell."
_	Yet there remains the thought that some evil will still destroy the poet's hopes, and optimism may prove unfounded.
_	The queen's filial conscience was eased by the thought that her father's obeisance had been paid to the sacred manuscript, and not herself; while the exacting monarch construed the salutation as being meant for his consort which thus removed his grievance against the Burhagohain.
_	They are generally made with the thought that visitors will already have knowledge on the subject.
_	Oliver who had previously retreated to the ashram decades before, looking for peace after accidentally killing a criminal (in "The Flash" (Vol 2) #217), returned to the ashram under similar circumstances, haunted by the thought that he had killed his former best friend Hal Jordan, who, at the time, was involuntarily serving as the host of the supervillain Parallax.
_	He also believed there was an ancillary political, non-military reason for the bombings: "perhaps the thought that it would prevent America's ally the USSR from establishing a claim to a major part in Japan's defeat was not absent from the minds of the US government either."
_	With the mast still sticking out of the water and not wishing to lose his boat, nor for that matter his catch of Lobster and Crab the intrepid fisherman entertained the thought that if better weather was close by the boat might be raised and the catch saved.
_	The 1983 album, entitled "Dancing for Mental Health", used affirmations set to music to poke fun at the self-help entrepreneurs who "build the listener's inner self and encourage personal growth through the thought that anything is possible".
_	There are still substantial coal reserves in the UK and this fact prompts the thought that at some time in the future, coal gas may once again be used as a reliable indigenous source of energy.
_	When she refused this suggestion, he asked for a reconciliation and selected Munck as a mediator with the thought that the queen would find Munck attractive, as she seemed to like his company and he was similar to her in his appearance.
_	Frazer cites Jefferson's "Notes on the State of Virginia", where he wrote, "I tremble" at the thought that "God is just," and he warned of eventual "supernatural influence" to abolish the scourge of slavery.
_	The sense of a sentence is the thought that it expresses.
_	The sense of any sub-sentential expression consists in its contribution to the thought that its embedding sentence expresses.
_	On the thought that "a movie that introduces a new face should be shot using a new camera", Appachan travelled to Germany for buying the "best camera available" at that time.
_	Smith had once said: "I was never able to break free from the thought that the event was a joint operation between Israel and South Africa."
_	Now he can't live with the thought that his negligence ruined things again.
_	Zak's research aims to challenge the thought that people generally are driven primarily to act for what they consider their self-interest, and asks how morality may modulate one's interpretation of what constitutes "self-interest" in one's own personal terms.
_	For years, the university, upholding the thought that “development is the first task,” has been unceasingly deepening programs of reform, development, and the construction of various undertakings, and has made great achievements.
_	Led by the thought that the Bulgarian people were ever ready for a rebellion he thought that no careful preparations were needed.
_	On one occasion, she had the monster Crumummy steal the beauty from all the female inhabitants of Terra Venture, because she hated the thought that they might be more beautiful than her.
_	As oil production increased in Nigeria in the 1970s, Aluko was still inclined to support the thought that the state can be an engine of industrialization through funding of technical education, agriculture extension and infrastructural development.
_	Matthew enjoys the thought that Antonia is still a virgin and sees her as some kind of conquest; Antonia wants to marry Matthew because he can provide for her, so she can give up her job.
_	Despite my inadequacy I can take comfort in the thought that God has forgiven me my sins and can have fellowship with Christ in faith."
_	Quoting Frobenius's statement that "I was moved to silent melancholy at the thought that this assembly of degenerate and feeble-minded posterity should be the legitimate guardians of so much loveliness," Soyinka calls such sentiments "a direct invitation to a free-for-all race for dispossession, justified on the grounds of the keeper's unworthiness."
_	This view of pleasure was hedonistic, as it pursued the thought that pleasure is the highest good in life.
_	Thus, more generally, the outcome of the progression of Heidegger's argument is the thought that the being of "Dasein" is time.
_	The accident didn't scare me, but the thought that I hadn't lived life to its full potential just ran chill bumps up and down my body."
_	Walking down the street, Kramer, with the thought that it would entertain German tourists on a tour bus, simulates robbing George, but ends up invoking fear in them instead.
_	The Orland municipality sold the land to the county in 1947, with the thought that the farm would be an agricultural school.
_	This thought ties in with modernization theory, the thought that societies progress from "pre-modern" to "modern" societies.
_	When Karl found out about this he went and told his mother Ruth and stepfather Mark Holdin, who quickly went to both Bill and Bert Bauer, as well as Meta and Bruce Banning who were all livid at the thought that Mike and Robin would marry well they were still in high school.
_	Zimmermann initially turns Minot down, but becomes greatly distressed by the thought that he may not have long to live and wants to provide for his wife and son.
_	Later on, the thought that she had lost her purse and was penniless would haunt her.
_	This in turn has led to the thought that "being" and nothingness are closely related, developed in existential philosophy.
_	Nikhil also speaks from a more religious perspective when he speaks of how "all at once my heart was full with the thought that my Eternal Love was steadfastly waiting for me through the ages, behind the veil of material things" (Tagore 66).
_	Eventually the thought that children might stop being scared of her and so stop believing in Halloween so enrages Tilly that she returns to her old self.
_	The two fall in love, but after unexpectedly regaining her memory at the end of the season, Villetta is disgusted at the thought that she ever loved an Eleven.
_	Rob tries to dissuade him and threatens to raise the alarm but is restrained by the thought that Mike had not turned "him" in when he had been in a similar position.
_	Meanwhile, Deianeira, distraught by the thought that she caused her own husband's death, goes to a cliff top; while standing there she sees a vision of Hercules and reaches out to him; as she reaches out she falls from the cliff to the rocks below.
_	Sasha's mother passed him some food, apparently with the thought that her son was being led off into captivity.
_	After the sirens are defeated, the Enterprise helps the sirens, and Uhura bonds with the sirens, who are happy at the thought that they might meet men and have children.
_	With the thought that he might join the anchorites in the deserts of the East, he consulted John Cassian, the famed hermit who had arrived from the East to Marseille; Cassian dedicated the second set of his "Collationes" (Numbers 11-17) to Eucherius and Honoratus.
_	The last recitative finally turns to the thought that "God's eye looks upon us as the chosen ones".
_	In the episode "Marionette", prime-Olivia struggles with the thought that the man she loved could not realize Fauxlivia was an impostor.
_	He expressed regret at the thought that the hotel might have been his if he had the further financial backing.
_	With statistics, this is likened to the thought that if the data gathered provides a mean and standard deviation, over time these data that predict "normalness" start to predict or dictate it less and less since the social idea of normality is dynamic.
_	Similar to the above, Mark Russell mentions that the thought that all the Pixar movies are based around a violent apocalypse is very sad because it implies, among other things, that several human characters like the Incredibles, Carl, Russell, Andy and Linguini are all killed at some point.
_	Because this episode was being produced with the thought that it could be the final episode of the series, there was a concerted effort to include the entire cast of the show, and also just about all of the recurring characters.
_	The poetry follows the thought that Jesus, born of a woman (), is predicted to redeem sins, which are represented by the image of the serpent.
_	Furious at the loss of his virginity (which he believes also cost him the ability to work miracles) and frightened at the thought that Elaine might have a baby, he leaves.
