_	Halsey later said the threat that the Japanese cruiser force at Rabaul posed to his landings at Bougainville was "the most desperate emergency that confronted me in my entire term as ComSoPac."
_	In a fashion similar to that of his mentor Landau, Fleckeles viewed the threat that Sabbatianism posed to tradition, in particular to the centrality of Talmud and its study, as emanating from excesses of mysticism.
_	As a result of the northward expansion, the threat that the Qin empire posed to the Xiongnu ultimately led to the reorganization of the many different Xiongnu tribes into a confederacy.
_	Kensuke recognises the ship as that of poachers, and he and Michael rush to gather all the orangutans into the cave to protect them from the threat that lies in the ship.
_	With much of the pre-canal trade and communications between Britain and India passing through the Ottoman Empire, Britain had done its best to prop up the Ottomans against the threat that Russia would take Constantinople, cutting those communications, and giving Russian ships unfettered access to the Mediterranean.
_	In 1893 a committee of Coleridge's admirers took a lease on the property for 15 years at £15 per annum, however by 1896 an appeal had been launched to try to raise more money for the lease or eventual purchase, with the threat that it could be removed to America.
_	This made it seem to critics that Bodyline was not quite the threat that had been perceived and Bradman's reputation, which had suffered slightly with his earlier failures, was restored.
_	For fear of the threat that Numitor's heirs might pose, the king had Ilia's brother, Aegestus killed and blamed robbers.
_	This reflected the threat that still existed to the frontier town from the French.
_	Academy by her mother under the threat that she would be disowned if she ever gets into another fight.
_	The Venetians even modified Kyrenia Castle to meet the threat that the use of gunpowder and cannons posed.
_	This, while emphasising a dedicated workforce to defeat the threat that hackers pose to the IT infrastructure.
_	Wary of the threat that the Portuguese posed to their interests, however, the powerful merchant communities of Muslim Gujaratis and Javanese convinced Sultan Mahmud and the Bendahara to betray and capture the Portuguese.
_	As such, users must remember the exact spelling and sometimes even case of the answers they provide, which poses the threat that more answers will be written down, exposing them to physical theft.
_	It also frequently serves to justify that ruthlessness and brutality as a rational response to the threat that the Tyranids represent.
_	He concluded that "the window of opportunity is finite and shrinking" for responding to the threat that climate change poses to financial resilience and longer-term prosperity, which he called the "tragedy of the horizon".
_	Possible motivations for this complete rebuilding by Al-Adil include the damage the old citadel may have sustained from earthquakes in 1200 and 1201 and the threat that other Ayyubid princes continued to pose toward Al-Adil.
_	The first section of the "Admonition" addresses the princes and lords, urging them to recognise the threat that the peasants represented, “not to make light of this rebellion” and asking them to be more considerate in order to avoid confrontation.
_	Again Atom was brought back to Earth, this time by Mr. Mind, who employed him to attach his head to an atomic racecar and challenge Captain Marvel to an auto race in Indianapolis with the threat that he'd level the city with an atomic blast.
_	Though noting that registration requirements may be invalidated on First Amendment grounds and had been by the Court in prior cases, the Court stated that the present case was different because of the seriousness of the threat that international Communism posed.
_	Desak is then contacted by Zarrko the Tomorrow Man, who warns him of the threat that Thor, now Lord of Asgard after the death of Odin, poses to Earth.
_	In 1953, after the side had finished at the bottom of the County Championship for two consecutive seasons and with the threat that it might go out of business, he and two other journalists organised a special meeting of the club which called for wholesale changes in the organisation and the committee.
_	Despite the failure to find evidence of an ongoing WMD program or an operational relationship between Hussein and al-Qaeda, Bush declared that the toppling of Hussein "removed an ally of al-Qaeda" and ended the threat that Iraq would supply weapons of mass destruction a terrorist organization.
_	Throughout the series, Sam has been shown to be highly intelligent with reading and recalling Latin incantations, which can be used to summon, exorcise, and vanquish demons; typically, when the two brothers are working together, Dean is the superior physical fighter while Sam's expertise lies in carrying out research and recalling information to determine the nature of the threat that they are currently facing.
_	Coriander inadvertently meets Tycho and tells him to resist Rosemore and fight back, despite the threat that Rosemore will turn him into a fox and have giants hunt him if he refuses.
_	300 infantrymen of Colonel John Hewson's regiment, who declared that they would not serve in Ireland until the Leveller programme had been realised, were cashiered without arrears of pay, which was the threat that had been used to quell the Corkbush Field mutiny.
_	The battle is interrupted by the arrival of the Phoenix, the threat that Alexander came to warn against.
_	After a successful defence, Norbert is coerced into becoming the prosecutor by the threat that, if he does not, Conan will be charged.
_	Critics began to believe Bodyline was not quite the threat that had been perceived and Bradman's reputation, which had suffered slightly with his earlier failures, was restored.
_	Tillman in 1914 announced plans to retire when his term expired in 1919, but the war and the threat that Blease would win the open seat caused him to announce his candidacy for a fifth term in March 1918.
_	Dolza realizes though the threat that human emotions and culture now pose to his command.
_	In view of the doubts being cast on the reproducibility of the metre and the kilogram and the threat that a rival standard might be set up, Napoleon III invited scientists from all the world's nations to attend a conference in Paris.
_	Concerned about the threat that the Americans posed to the relatively weak local Spanish forces, Salcedo ordered Ugarte, Commandant of the District of Natchitoches, to inform him about the number of US troops stationed in the district, the existence of militias or regulars in these troops, and the caliber of twenty artillery pieces that the US troops had in the city.
_	Seeing the threat that Christianity potentially posed to political stability, and to the "daimyōs" loyalty to him over the Church, he issued Anti-Christian Edicts, expelling foreign missionaries, and ordering the crucifixion of a number of prominent Catholic proselytizers and converts.
_	Australia is cognizant that ‘non-conventional’ security threats pose problems not only to the islands but the threat that they pose a threat to 'Australia through the region' (Bergin & Herr 2011: 32).
_	In furtherance of their design, the defendants and their confederates, members of said association, made and published threats of violence against the attorneys of the plaintiff, who were employed to represent him in the collection of his judgment, and gave out and circulated the threat that no person would be allowed to bid upon or purchase any property that might be offered for sale by the collector to enforce the payment of the special tax, intending thereby to intimidate any person from bidding upon or purchasing any property offered for sale by the collector for the payment thereof.
_	"The Mongols" was the fifth of the six 'history as news' episodes to be shown by PBS in 1989, focusing on the threat that the Mongols would invade Western Europe in 1247AD after overrunning much of Asia and creating one of the greatest empires ever to exist, stretching from China through Russia to the borders of Europe itself.
_	Overall, Bruhl concluded that "[u]nconscionability might operate as a sort of safety valve that makes arbitration politically sustainable" since courts can use unconscionability to strike egregiously unfair terms, while the threat that an arbitration provision may be found unconscionable can encourage businesses not to include unfair arbitration terms.
_	Another major concern for Duke Huan was the threat that outside powers (derogatorily called the "Four Barbarians") posed to the Zhou states, and he would launch numerous campaigns to fend off these "barbarians".
_	Giovanni eventually succeeds in capturing Mewtwo with the threat that the other Pokémon clones would be his to capture and experiment if Mewtwo didn't comply.
_	Christine has just been suspended from school with the threat that, if she does not report regularly to her social worker, she is danger of being forcibly detained.
_	A part of that action called for the dredging of the lake in order to restore it as there was the threat that it would fill in completely by 2020 without intervention.
_	Before invading the Earth, informed by his new follower Buredoran of the Gosei Angels and the threat that they posed in his plans, Mons Drake tasks Dereputa to destroy Heaven's Tower in a preemptive strike in an attempt to bar the Gosei Angels from Earth.
_	Stjepan was so scared by the threat that he finally raised the siege.
_	Stjepan was so scared by the threat that he finally raised the siege.
_	As well, "Johns is able to push the ongoing Forever Evil threads forward a bit more, hinting at the tension among the Crime Syndicate, the identity of their mysterious prisoner, and the threat that drove them away from Earth-3 in the first place."
_	Missionaries and Catholic communities were able to sometimes escape this through bribery of officials; they were also sometimes victims of extortion attempts by people who demanded money under the threat that they would report the villages and missionaries to the authorities.
_	It has been observed that the snake, while appearing to be dead, will still watch the threat that caused the death pose.
_	Most Batawana, however, have traditionally lived on the edges of the delta, due to the threat that tsetse fly poses to their cattle.
_	In recent years, a major focus of this work has been assisting educators and health professionals to work together to help schools respond to the threat that HIV/AIDS poses to education, as well as supporting governments to better target orphans and vulnerable children in their child health programming.
_	Bennett agrees to be punished with a whipping so as not to compromise Harcourt; whereas on earlier occasions, he had avoided punishment by blackmailing the other "Gods" with the threat that he would reveal their own experiences with him.
_	As in 1992, opening the doors of the party to more educated Hazara cadres was a precondition for meeting reformist expectations, but the return to the country of many young Hazaras educated in Iran and Pakistan was out of all proportion with the threat that had been represented by the limited number of leftists and government officials welcomed into Wahdat in 1992.
_	He was, however, forced to abandon these regions one year later, due to the threat that Samanids posed.
_	Due to the nature of these activities, and the threat that they posed to KSCB, Westmoreland ordered Operation Niagara I, an intense intelligence collection effort on NVA activities in the vicinity of the Khe Sanh Valley.
_	Radio propaganda to Russia included the threat that if the Volga Germans were persecuted, the Jews would have to pay for it, many times over.
_	The development of limited liability facilitated the move to large-scale industrial enterprise, by removing the threat that an individual's total wealth would be confiscated if invested in an unsuccessful company.
_	Wolfe acquires a list of the other men in the League and summons them to his office, where he proposes to both determine the truth behind the deaths of their mutual friends and remove the threat that they believe Chapin poses.
_	The Initiative experiments on the creatures, a primary goal of this being to negate the threat that "hostile sub-terrestrials", demonic entities, pose to human beings.
_	In a Kenyan wildlife preserve, Aasif Mandvi explores the threat that climate change poses to endangered species.
_	Liman decided to attend the hearings because he had chosen to write his senior thesis on "the threat that McCarthy-style congressional investigations posed to our concepts of civil liberties and limited government."
_	After the house caught on fire, he told the fire brigade not to proceed into the house because of the threat that the armed Latvians posed to them.
_	Meanwhile, Nick, Meisner and Trubel continue looking for any information regarding Conrad Bonaparte so they can stop the threat that will pose Portland forever.
_	His departure from England may have been prompted by the threat that his children would be brought up as Protestants, since they had been born in England.
_	In response to the threat that the Batavian fleet posed, the Admiralty established a new British fleet to oppose it.
_	In early November, due to the threat that a new American Association was near formation, the National League clubs were quick to sign their players without much negotiating.
_	For the United States, the threat that revolution could spread elsewhere in Latin America prompted U.S. President John F. Kennedy to proclaim the Alliance for Progress in 1961, designed to aid other Latin American governments with implementing programs to alleviate poverty and promote development.
_	Seeing the threat that the Japanese posed to Australia, the government had begun to bring AIF units back from the Middle East but the bulk of the forces immediately available for the defence of Australia came from the militia, which was at that stage an organisation of some 265,000 men organised into five infantry and two cavalry divisions.
_	"This means in advance of surveillance, in all cases the government should seek an individualized warrant, and individualized authorization that this surveillance is lawful and appropriate in relationship to the threat that's presented by the police," he said.
_	The continuing prevarication and delay in Whitehall deliberating on the best course of action: was the threat that serious?
_	Judith’s role and prominence in court would see a dramatic rise after the birth of her son, as she sought to establish a political and courtly base for Charles, against the threat that Lothar posed for his succession.
_	He returns Clarity to her research station, only to encounter his old friends, the Ulru-Ujurrians, who help him psychically touch the threat that drove the ancient alien race, the Xunca, from the known universe.
_	While this was a risky decision because of the threat that the dung beetles could themselves become pests or disrupt the delicate ecological balance, it proved very successful and reduced the population of bush flies by 90%.
_	With the threat that "Ayesha" would be seized by Dutch authorities, von Mücke took the schooner out during the night of 28 December, and headed for a rendezvous point he had announced to the German merchant vessels sheltering at Padang.
_	Huerta was further angered because had expected to be promoted by Madero as a reward for his rebellion, but instead was asked to retire (Madero belatedly became aware of the threat that the general posed).
_	By preventing Germany from gaining air superiority, the battle ended the threat that Hitler would launch Operation Sea Lion, a proposed amphibious and airborne invasion of Britain.
_	The three Magi were separately warned in a dream of the threat that King Herod posed and went home by a different route than they came.
_	Escaping amidst the threat that yet another dangerous creature has been set upon his trail, Severian discovers a monarch from the past, Typhon, in an ancient city.
_	All of the Dominion cabinet ministers representing ridings in Quebec threatened to resign if Duplessis was re-elected, with the threat that there would be nobody to stand up for Quebec in the cabinet if conscription become an issue again.
_	The French King had made plain his expansionist aims in Europe with the threat that posed to English interests and public opinion was now in favour of war.
_	Keane and Wellington (Linus Roache) decide to lean on Russia via their ambassador (Elya Baskin), with the threat that Martin's testimony would be considered a "hostile act" against the United States.
_	Within the year the SD decided to abandon the project and handed the salon back to Schmidt, with the threat that she would keep silent or face retaliation.
_	Charles is, however, nonviolent, and not suited to backing up the threat that his size and protective demeanor would otherwise indicate.
_	National Day of Memory and Solidarity with Victims of Armed Conflict; Sewing of Memory, Reconciling through Art; political, civic, and environmental training; land access and women's rights; the justice of the Colombian peace process and the threat that paramilitary groups pose for it; the situation on the Colombian-Venezuelan border; and on "Extractivisms and postconflict in Colombia: challenges for territorial peace."
_	The researchers conclude that the FMF's rejection of the Oxfam report is on "flimsy grounds" and that "Oxfam should be praised for continuously alerting the global public to the threat that rising inequality poses to social and political stability".
_	The NATO Double-Track Decision is the decision of NATO from December 12, 1979, to offer the Warsaw Pact a mutual limitation of medium-range ballistic missiles and intermediate-range ballistic missiles combined with the threat that in case of disagreement NATO would deploy more middle-range nuclear weapons in Western Europe, following the so-called "Euromissile Crisis".
_	Perceptions that the Solomon Islands was on the brink of becoming a failed state, and the threat that this could pose for Australia's national interests, provided the primary rationale for the Australian led intervention (Allen 2011:
_	They compensate by maintaining a fanatically elitist confraternity, with secret rituals and body language, absolute loyalty, and a demand for autonomy maintained by the threat that "No ships go" if any Scanner is wronged.
_	This came to a head in 1896 when it was proposed that gate profits, which were always lower in matches against the weaker clubs, be shared equally amongst the Association clubs; in response to the threat that this might be endorsed on the votes of the weaker clubs, six of the strongest clubs – , , , , and – seceded from the VFA, inviting and to join them, to form the Victorian Football League (VFL), which became the leading senior football body in Victoria.
_	Roosevelt saw the threat that these rising powers posed, but focused on reviving the U.S. economy during the early part of his presidency.
_	The Polish Cipher Bureau sought to break it due to the threat that Poland faced from Germany, but its early attempts did not succeed.
_	Originally, Valerie Cooper took a hard-line concern on the problem of the threat that superhumans and mutants posed to the United States.
_	And we wouldn't be facing the magnitude of the threat that we're facing now."
_	On Sunday 28 September 1912 'Ulster Day', he was the first signatory on the Ulster Covenant, which bound 447,197 signatories to resist Home Rule with the threat that they would use "all means necessary" after Carson had established the Ulster Volunteers, the first loyalist paramilitary group.
_	Brand taunts him with the threat that Mrs. Reynolds will also be drawn into the vortex of ruin, if he persists in exposing things, but on second thought protects
_	They cryptically warned Takeru of the threat that the Gammisers themselves present.
_	The common justification by officials is that prisoners of certain natures deserve to be punished for the threat that they pose to society.
_	The two fairies taunt Arindal with the threat that failure will mean that he too is turned to stone.
_	A resistance group meaning "witch hunt" that is built by scientists who defected from the Organization due to the threat that they posed to God himself.
_	On Zapatera, the bulk of the tribe recognized the threat that Russell could be, throwing a challenge in order to vote Russell out; Russell would lose to Matt at the next Redemption Island challenge.
_	On November 17, Attorney General A. Mitchell Palmer reported to Congress on the threat that anarchists and Bolsheviks posed to the government.
_	Frankenstein, whose sense of time is not the same as his comrades, convinces his group to trust Superman and they join in with a fight against the threat that freed them, an attack by the villains Reactron and Metallo.
_	The Security Council remained concerned by the threat that piracy and armed robbery against vessels posed to the situation in Somalia, nearby states and international shipping.
_	Hence, parallel dimension episodes are very much about historical authority and the fluidity of prevailing worldviews, and the threat that even a backwater dimension like Farmworld poses to Adventure Time‘s multiverse suggests that even the unlikeliest narrative, the most insane conspiracy theory, the most fringe historical revision, has a shot at existence, a chance to influence.
_	The un-redacted version which was leaked to the public highlights the threat that flooding poses to nuclear power plants located near large dams and substantiates claims that NRC management has intentionally misled the public for years about the severity of the flooding.
_	She denounced the threat that the Centre d'archives gay-lesbiennes de la mairie de Paris could neglect the "lesbian identity".
_	The program tries to detail the threat that the orangutans face in day-to-day life.
_	The abject thus at once represents the threat that meaning is breaking down and constitutes our reaction to such a breakdown: a reestablishment of our "primal repression."
_	Starting in the late 16th century, a legend began that the second of these points, the threat that polyphony might have been banned by the Council because of the unintelligibility of the words, was the impetus behind Palestrina's composition of this mass.
_	In the 1950s logical positivism evaporated and with it the threat that metaphysical claims were meaningless.
_	The medieval chronicler Hugh the Chanter commented that by requiring Thomas to obey Canterbury, the King removed the threat that Thomas might crown someone else as King of England – such as the Danish king.
_	They were cashiered without arrears of pay, which was the threat that had been used to quell the mutiny at the Corkbush Field rendezvous.
_	The filmmakers have expressed their concern about the threat that such laws pose to the freedoms of speech and of the press around the world, and intend to use the film as a means by which the dangers of such practices can be brought to public attention.
_	In November 1942, Olsen had initiated his own campaign against "incompetence" in Nasjonal Samling, and posed the threat that if Lippestad did not remove incompetent elements, Olsen would make use of a ticket to London, claimed to be in his possession.
_	Manuel's gravest concern, the threat that the German and French crusader armies might combine immediately outside his capital, had been averted.
_	The Royal Navy was aware of the threat that "Rivoli" posed to their hegemony and were warned in advance by spies in Venice of the progress of the ship’s construction.
_	demonstrating the threat that the government perceived in the center.
_	Micallef intends to highlight the threat that Trump poses to society.
_	Another message, which they sent to the party Gauleitung (regional leadership) in Vienna, included the threat that "in our stolen Austrian land we will slit open your stomachs which you have gorged to fill at our expense.
_	The invasion was organised privately by Baron Philippe de Rullecourt but funded and supplied by the French government, and was intended to remove the threat that British naval vessel based in Jersey posed to American ships in the American Revolutionary War.
_	The law limits the nature of the threat that has to be placed on a person for them to qualify as being under duress.
_	However, this tradition has now been ended because of the threat that it poses to wildlife, particularly marine.
_	On March 13, 1969, after being jailed once again for allegedly participating in subversive activities against the government, Otero wrote a letter to the Minister of the Interior, Cap. David Fernández, describing the threat that he received of "extreme measures without reservation" to be taken against him should he continue with the alleged activities.
_	Conservationists noticed the threat that deer posed to takahē survival, and the national park now implements deer control by hunting by helicopter.
_	The brigade had abandoned its initial positions and moved to a new location to the west of Galatas to eliminate the threat that it would become separated from the 5th Infantry Brigade.
_	These two reforms were meant to ensure that no governor would be able to command the same army for an extended period of time so as to minimize the threat that another general might attempt to march on Rome.
_	Future Giles is the threat that everyone fears in the future.
_	It was revealed that Benjy was threatened into giving Steve the tarot card by his father Stefano DiMera and half brother EJ DiMera under the threat that they would kill his wife and child if he didn't.
_	He wrote to Governor Reynolds on April 13, describing—and perhaps purposely exaggerating—the threat that the British Band posed.
_	Yuichi's first cousin Nayuki Minase, another of "Kanon"'s heroines, has been in love with him since childhood, and must learn how to deal with her feelings, especially with the threat that he may fall in love with one of the other girls.
_	In April 1873 John Sutherland, the Minister for Public Works, set out a policy to complete 'the main trunk railways'; both the Main Southern line to Albury and the Western trunk route to Bourke on the Darling River were responses to the threat that wool from the Riverina and the west would be diverted to Melbourne via river boats and the Victorian railway to Echuca on the Murray River, which opened in 1864.
_	By requiring corporations to make all independent political expenditures through a separate fund made up of money solicited expressly for political purposes, the Michigan Campaign Finance Act reduces the threat that huge corporate treasuries amassed with the aid of favorable state laws will be used to influence unfairly the outcome of elections.
_	Later chapters describe chemical elements and isotopes, the stability and instability of atomic nuclei, and finally atomic energy, the uses it has, and the threat that it poses.
_	Toward the end of his life, he expressed anger at the Ottoman government for not recognizing the threat that the Zionist posed against Palestine.
_	He also learns that Manhattan is being evacuated due to the threat that Eve poses.
_	A central theme of Reekie's work is the threat that modern life poses to our individuality and to the natural world.
_	Only the threat that Zanmi Lasante was the best chance at healing a Haitian soldier when he inevitably became ill was enough to deter them.
_	Following instructions, Esterhazy wrote to Billot, ending his letter with the threat that if he were not defended he would apply to the German emperor.
_	The high rate of deforestation in the country adds to the likeliness of the threat that it faces.
_	However, his greatest ambition was for a pre-emptive war against Serbia in order to neutralize the threat that he believed they posed, and at the same time change the political balance within the Dual Monarchy against the Magyars by incorporating more Slavs in a third Yugoslavian component under Austrian control, denying the principle of self-determination.
_	With respect to the widespread tendency to underestimate the threat that the regime presented, the historian Claudia Koonz highlights the popular proverb of the era: "The soup is never eaten as hot as it is cooked".
_	These two reforms were meant to ensure that no governor would be able to command the same army for an extended period of time, so as to minimize the threat that another general might attempt to march on Rome.
_	The British soon realized the threat that Kamala Nehru posed to them and how popular she had become with women's groups all over India.
_	The generals were well aware of the threat that Tung posed; they had discussed and agreed on his elimination during their planning, having contemplated waging an offensive against Tung's special forces.
_	However, Talpade (Mahesh Manjrekar), a selfish and perverted Inspector, lusts after Jhanvi and tells her to marry him with the threat that he would rape Jhanvi's mother (Prateeksha Lonkar) if she decides to go against his decision.
_	He may have hoped for military assistance against the threat that the Mamluk Sultanate posed at the time.
_	Furthermore, BSA failed to take seriously the threat that electric-start Japanese motor cycles might completely destroy the market for kick-started BSA motor cycles.
_	Eye protection is protective gear for the eyes, which comes in many types depending upon the threat that is to be reduced.
_	Bismarck, however, insisted that the question of the ultimate destination of the duchies should be left open; and, when he backed his argument with the threat that unless Austria accepted his proposal Prussia would act alone, Rechberg gave way.
_	Pioneering game theorist Thomas Schelling called this "the threat that leaves something to chance."
_	Richard Croker, Kelly's right-hand man, had succeeded Kelly as Grand Sachem of Tammany, and he understood that he would also need to make peace with the non-Tammany "Swallowtail" faction of the Democratic Party to avoid the threat that George and the ULP posed, which was the potential re-structuring of the city's politics along class lines and away from the ethnic-based politics which has been Tammany's underpinning all along.
_	The severity with which Selim I addressed the Safavid Empire reflected the threat that he felt emerging within the Ottoman borders.
_	In 1507, Shah Ismail raided Anatolia, revealing the beginnings of the threat that the newly emerging Safavid Empire represented.
_	In the 1980s, it spoke out against VCRs and the threat that the MPAA believed they represented to the movie industry, with MPAA president Jack Valenti drawing a parallel between the threat of the VCR and that of the Boston Strangler.
_	The Pope was, however, compelled to modify his measures by the threat that, if the people could not obtain the services of religion, they would not support the clergy, and that heresy would spread.
_	When this was refuse a second offer was made but with the threat that force would be used should Acanthus refuse to join the federation.
_	Critics began to believe bodyline was not quite the threat that had been perceived and Bradman's reputation, which had suffered slightly with his earlier failures, was restored.
_	Dickens was also persuaded by the threat that the Cree may simply set the fort on fire instead of attack it.
_	As valuable as our individually reconnecting with the natural world may be, and as much as such experiences should be encouraged, some have questioned whether this approach is sufficient, given the magnitude of the threat that human encroachment poses to the nonhuman world.
_	In addition to the redistributive themes of a hero who robs from the rich and gives to the poor, many episodes in the programme's first two seasons included the threat that Robin and his band would be betrayed to the authorities by friends or loved ones, much as the blacklisted writers had been.
_	Naylor considered the macro level, looking at the importance of including ethics in the discussion of climate change and the Bahá’í contribution to the climate change discourse, Curtis focused on the micro level, specifically the threat that climate change poses to the Marshall Islands.
_	The British Left recognised the threat that this posed and fought back by publicising the Neo-Nazi past of many of the NF's senior members.
_	The payments were made and the threat that hung over France was lifted.
_	The Juangs declare that the river goddess, emerging for the first time from the Gonasika rock, surprised a party of naked Juangs dancing, and ordered them to wear leaves, with the threat that they should die if they ever gave up the custom.
_	The following May, the regiment marched to Memphis, Tennessee, and raised an army tasked with eliminating the threat that Nathan Bedford Forrest's cavalry was posing to the area.
_	They head to General Min's base, with Kudjang and his men disguised as soldiers, and Kudjang's men detonate several gas tanks, creating a diversion, while Largo releases the prisoners, and also Malunai herself, who reveals that Min forced her to falsely testify with the threat that they will kill her son.
_	Understanding the threat that these renewed Kurdish clubs represented if allied with the British (who had by now made it clear that they were leaning towards providing an autonomous Kurdish state), the CUP began advocating policies of decentralization and penetrated these Kurdish clubs in order to maintain their loyalty.
_	Panamanian authorities conducted a study which indicates that almost 90 percent of express kidnappings are unreported due to the threat that thieves impose on the victim and relatives of the victim.
_	Joe even gets Sierra in trouble at school after forcing her to sell drugs in the area, under the threat that he would beat up Monty if she refused.
_	Bawer's book "While Europe Slept: How Radical Islam is Destroying the West from Within", about the threat that the rise of Islam in Europe, in his view, poses to liberal values, appeared in 2006.
_	The Idirans' decision to go to war is described as being founded in their philosophical, moral and religious distaste for the almost symbiotic nature of the Culture and the threat that their artificial intelligences were considered to be posing to the primacy and significance of biological life in the universe.
_	Due to the northward expansion, the threat that the Qin empire posed to the Xiongnu ultimately led to the state formation of the many tribes towards a confederacy.
_	In October 1915, the situation came to a crisis, as Sharif Hussein demanded an immediate commitment from Britain, with the threat that if this were denied, he would throw his weight behind the Ottomans.
_	After realizing the threat that the Demon Card organization pose to the world, Haru promises Shiba that he will find the Rave Stone and stop the Demon Card's evil with Plue by his side.
_	While we've been with Nick learning about his abilities, word has been going around about the last remaining Burkhardt and the threat that he poses to the creatures.
_	Hirudegarn is slain by Goku shortly afterwards, bringing a permanent end to the threat that Hoi and his race started in the first place.
_	Stjepan was so scared by the threat that he finally raised the siege.
_	In view of the threat that this may happen it seems urgent to wait no longer with a change of course in the direction of sustainability.
_	When considering bail applications, the courts should ignore improper pressure: for example, the threat that the accused will go on hunger strike if bail is refused, or that people opposed to bail will resort to illegal activity if bail is granted.
_	Despite his often cruel and manipulative behaviour, the threat that Alec presents to Tess's virtue is sometimes obscured for Tess by her inexperience and almost daily commonplace interactions with him.
_	According to a BBC News report, the video-streaming site was offering "non-negotiable contracts" to its planned, Spotify-like music-subscription service to labels such as XL Recordings, 4AD, Cooking Vinyl and Domino "accompanied by the threat that music videos they have posted to their YouTube channels will be blocked from site altogether if they do not agree to the terms."
_	"GamesRadar" rated him among gaming's "kickass Bruce Lee clones" in 2008: ""Tekken" fans understand the threat that Law posed—even if he was controlled by a mere button masher."
_	Van Creveld has stated that the Israeli government has "vastly exaggerated the threat that a nuclear Iran poses to its security, as well as Israel's capacity to halt it."
_	Some of the castles captured in Greece were used to control the local hostile Greek, Albanian, Vlach or other tribal peoples that opposed Frankish rule and since the Byzantines were both Greek and Orthodox, the threat that the Crusaders had to contend with existed on a lesser scale for the Byzantines, giving them another reason not to repair them.
_	Throughout the story, the narrator is torn between his feelings of responsibility for Bartleby and his desire to be rid of the threat that Bartleby poses to the office and to his way of life on Wall Street.
_	"The Dance of Time" concludes the series as the disparate events set in motion by Belisarius unfold, creating the opportunities that he hopes will end the threat that the Malwa pose to Rome once and for all.
_	Day Parade was dedicated to Campbell, "for the work he did as a Person With AIDS, and as a symbol for all of us who continue to fight against the threat that AIDS poses to our survival."
_	However, because "hidden" children might be discovered and forcibly converted, relatives or the Jewish community sometimes arranged to take them out of the Yemen; cases are recorded of Jews making the arduous journey to settle in the Land of Israel with orphaned relatives or unrelated children they had adopted in order to escape the threat that the children might be taken for conversion.
_	Under the threat that other major cities like Amsterdam and Utrecht would share the fate of Rotterdam in which over 900 civilians were killed, the Dutch decided to surrender.
_	Yuan then pressured Empress Dowager Longyu with the threat that the lives of the imperial family would not be spared if abdication did not come before the revolutionaries reached Beijing, but if they agreed to abdicate, the provisional government would honor the terms proposed by the imperial family.
_	Owing to the chaotic situation in China and the threat that instability posed to the security of customs revenues, Aglen sought and was authorised with the power to collect all receipts and supervised the collection of all revenues by an international commission of Bankers in Shanghai.
_	They argue that this timing suggests that the consecration refers to the threat that Russia faced from atheistic Communism.
_	Great Britain and North America became aware of the threat that Argentina's German-speakers, which were a quarter million strong, acted as the Reich's agent.
_	The "sentient core" of this new universe recognized the threat that Unicron posed, and so created Primus to counter his evil and be guardian of the new creation.
_	Another is the threat that radical Black nationalism and Black Islam posed to Christianity's influence among Chicago blacks, as well as to blacks nationwide.
_	The Venetians modified Kyrenia Castle to meet the threat that the use of gunpowder and cannons posed.
_	The second film, "" has Gintoki travelling to a future where Edo has been destroyed and has to stop the threat that ruined the city.
_	He stated, "I think that when we look at the threat that's out there, young men between, say, the ages of 18 and 25 from a couple of countries, I believe a certain amount of intense scrutiny should be placed on them."
_	This has led to the threat that federal law enforcement may step in instead, and Maxfield has responded by drafting new rules to improve the effectiveness of state financial oversight.
_	British CID, concerned about the threat that Barkatullah's work posed to the empire, exerted diplomatic pressure to have "Islamic Fraternity" closed down in 1912.
_	Linda Stasi of the "New York Post" said that "Season 4" had "some good laughs here, but there's also the threat that "30 Rock" could easily turn into that thing the writers relentlessly make fun of – TV shows and stars that are too smug, too smart and too out-of-touch for their own good."
_	This landmark agreement removes the threat that a nuclear-armed Iran would pose to the region and to Israel specifically."
_	This created the threat that Hood would move north into Tennessee.
_	In the winter and spring of 1864, when the German Confederation invaded and occupied the German-speaking provinces of Denmark (Schleswig and Holstein), Napoleon III recognized the threat that a unified Germany would pose to France, and he looked for allies to challenge Germany, without success.
_	Napoleon wanted Augereau to advance toward Chalon-sur-Saône to carry out the threat that Francis feared.
_	The story of the origin of the phrase "Lavender Menace" is that it was first used in 1969 by Betty Friedan, president of NOW, to describe the threat that she believed associations with lesbianism posed to NOW and the emerging women's movement.
_	Another draft was required to identify international Communism as the threat that required rigorous security procedures.
_	There are public calls for global collective action to address the threat that include proposals for international treaties on antimicrobial resistance.
_	Despite some initial expressions of enthusiasm, Hoxha and Shehu mistrusted Nikita Khrushchev's programs of "peaceful coexistence" and "different roads to socialism" because they appeared to pose the threat that Yugoslavia might again try to take control of Albania.
_	For Jeremy Heilman of the Online Film Critics Society, Kator serves as a "blunt metaphor for the threat that male figures pose to lesbian relationships".
_	This was the beginning of the end for the keelmen and they realised the threat that the coal staiths posed.
_	Wendy Arons adds that hypersexualization diminishes the symbolic threat posed by violent female characters in action films, "The focus on the body—as a body in ostentatious display of breasts, legs, and buttocks—does mitigate the threat that women pose to 'the very fabric of... society' by reassuring the (male) viewer of his privilege as the possessor of the objectifying gaze."
_	In his visit to Gibbs' bedside in season three, it is revealed in flashbacks that he warned members of the intelligence community about the threat that Osama Bin Laden posed to American servicemen abroad some time before the Khobar Towers bombing.
_	For the third "limited circumstance" allowing the retention of those who began openly serving as transgender people under the Carter policy, the report concludes with the threat that "should [the Department of Defense] decision to exempt those Service members be used by a court as a basis for invalidating the entire policy, this exemption instead is and should be deemed severable from the rest of the policy", which would expel that grandfathered class of service members.
_	He sent orders to Tian to withdraw, under the threat that if Tian did not, he would send someone else to govern Ningguo.
_	RV, Gannen Harst, and the Lord soon leave with the threat that they will kill Debbie if they are followed.
_	There was always the threat that extremists would carry out a coup or foment other violence.
_	Torgo was captured by the Skrulls of Kral led by Boss Barker where they forced him to serve in their gladiatorial pens under the threat that they would use to destroy Mekka if he refused to do what they say.
_	With the Cold War over, the threat that instigated the Assault Breaker Project disappeared.
_	Unfortunately for Bumblebee and his team, the threat that Optimus had warned them of soon revealed itself as Megatronus, a disgraced member of the Thirteen.
_	By April 1938, Ribbentrop had ended all German arms shipments to China and had all of the German Army officers serving with the Kuomintang government of Chiang Kai-shek recalled (with the threat that the families of the officers in China would be sent to concentration camps if the officers did not return to Germany immediately).
_	The indigenous people were first wary with government-led tourism because of the threat that they will interfere or change their communities' rituals.
_	Salten recognized the threat that was posed by the militant Arabs, and stressed the importance of peaceful relations:
_	By 1962 the situation in South Vietnam had become bad enough that Diem submitted a request for assistance to the United States and its allies in order to counter the growing insurgency and the threat that it posed to South Vietnam's security.
_	The columnist Zafar Sobhan of the "Daily Star" newspaper wrote, "It is fairly apparent that it was done under pressure from the army because of the threat that the country could lose its peacekeeping role" with the United Nations, which was both prestigious and lucrative in terms of payment to the country.
_	The Sanctuary included introducing armed ranger patrols to stop the threat that poachers played in the region.
_	Further evidence of the threat that lead posed to humans was discovered in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
_	The circumstances, which included the threat that the French language would eventually disappear, were judged to require a remedy that would ensure the right would be met in a reasonable amount of time.
_	When they eventually developed interest in the more fertile areas utilized by the late Danubian cultures, they became the threat that compelled the Danubian farmers to fortify their settlements.
_	Despite some initial expressions of enthusiasm, Hoxha and Shehu mistrusted Nikita Khrushchev's programs of "peaceful coexistence" and "different roads to socialism" because they appeared to pose the threat that Yugoslavia might again try to take control of Albania.
_	The "sentient core" of this new universe recognizes the threat that Unicron poses, and so creates Primus to counter his evil and be guardian of the new creation.
_	This was the threat that had been used to quell the mutiny at the Corkbush Field rendezvous.
_	Rent parties often had to be held in secret due to the threat that police present to African American people, and also due to the presence of alcohol which was illegal under Prohibition.
_	Another possible threat-related mechanism that could underlie resistance to diversity is prototypicality threat, or the threat that one's sub-group will no longer best represent the broader, superordinate group.
_	One of the prisoners is sent with him with the threat that if he failed to return, or if he allowed Dr. Musa and Salim to be harmed, the other prisoners would be killed.
_	This was accompanied with the threat that if he failed to do so the Scots army would continue south and devastate England.
_	Prior to its final landfall, the threat that Frederic imposed on areas of the U.S. Gulf Coast triggered a mass exodus from the region larger than any other evacuation in the past.
_	Ranulf attempted to storm the castle, rather than the north side of the city, and after he eventually gained access a £100 fine was imposed on the city with the threat that their walls would be destroyed if the money was not paid.
_	Many Britons were still concerned by the threat that Spain, as a restored world power, potentially posed to Britain.
_	According to historian Jack Sosin, "Finely's efforts, the threat that the settlers' land might be sold, and the cool reaction to the proposed new state by Congress finally quieted the Westerners."
_	With Kronos' bombs approaching, Andrew and Calia activate the ship's hyperdrive to escape despite the threat that when they reach Aurora, the humans there will destroy Andrew due to his robotic nature.
_	Sandor brings out the trunk containing the wight, revealing to Cersei and Jaime Lannister the threat that lies beyond the wall.
_	No weapon was found on him, so the shooter and the other two border police could not realize that the threat that he was going to shoot was an empty threat, something he could not do.
_	Addressing the United Kingdom's arguments submitted as intervenor, the Court ruled that the threat that Saadi posed to Italy did not reduce the risk of ill-treatment in Tunisia.
_	Both men also recognized the threat that Saddam posed to their careers.
_	The bandits offered their release in exchange for a ransom that included the release of a notorious drug dealer; with the threat that the kidnappers may sell on the hostages to the Taliban (with whom they had already been in contact), coalition forces worked around the clock to locate them.
_	In "Islam: A Threat to Us All", a leaflet distributed to London households in 2007, the BNP claimed that it would stand up to both Islamic extremism and "the threat that 'mainstream' Islam poses to our British culture".
_	This was accompanied with the threat that if he failed to do so the Scots army would continue south and devastate England.
_	Escaping amidst the threat that yet another dangerous creature has been set upon his trail, Severian discovers a monarch from the past, Typhon, in an ancient city.
_	The Schleswig-Holsteins were not able to completely cut off the town, but the threat that that could still happen prompted Lunding to urge his superiors to launch an attack soon.
_	The President (Henry Fonda) goes on national television and reveals the existence of "Hercules", explaining it was created to meet the threat that Orpheus represents.
_	Sima Yuanxian's regency was one in which he became surrounded by flatterers, and he began to have unrealistic ambitions of ending the threat that various provincial warlords posed to his rule.
_	In regard to film, Bolter and Grusin, in part, understand this form of aggressive remediation as “an attempt to hold off the threat that digital media might pose for the traditional, linear film” (p. 48).
_	Critics began to believe Bodyline was not quite the threat that had been perceived and Bradman's reputation, which had suffered slightly with his earlier failures, was restored.
_	Heinrich Racker emphasised the threat that "the repression of countertransference...is prolonged in the mythology of the analytic situation".
_	He was, however, forced to withdraw back to Tabaristan one year later, due to the threat that Samanids posed.
_	In Denmark, Harthacnut was already ruling as king, but he was unable to leave for three years because of the threat that Magnus of Norway would invade to exact revenge.
_	As a result of her death, Bond swears vengeance upon SMERSH, which he calls "the threat behind the spies, the threat that made them spy".
_	"The Yellow Cake Revue" concerns the threat that a uranium mine might be constructed near Stromness, a town on the largest island in Orkney, Scotland.
_	Uatu the Watcher recognized the threat that Molecule Man posed and alerted the Fantastic Four.
_	Some simply don’t know the threat that climate change has on their island and this is mainly down to the lack of awareness that climate change even exists.
_	Despite the threat that their ships faced, communication and the transfer of supplies between France and her colonies was vital to the French war effort, and the French Navy made constant attempts to evade the patrolling British squadrons.
_	When Germany invaded France in May 1940, a small group of women recognized the threat that the Nazis posed and took a stand to fight on the side of humanity for their nations freedom.
_	The policy included the Great Southern Line and was in response to the threat that wool from the Riverina and the west would be diverted to Melbourne via river boats and the Victorian railway.
_	Many environmental policies have been enacted over the past two decades due to the threat that mining poses to ecosystems and biodiversity in many regions in the world.
_	The generals were well aware of the threat that Tung posed; they had discussed his elimination during their planning, having contemplated waging an offensive against his special forces.
_	The name of the group was based on the mistaken idea that Betty Friedan had used the phrase "Lavender Menace" to describe the threat that she believed associations with lesbianism posed to NOW and the emerging women's movement.
_	He was one of the first to warn of the threat that AIDS posed to the blood supply, and a major goal in his life was cleaning up the blood supply.
_	Jessica uses Mike's secret against him at the end of season 2, when she has him deliberately lose a case to ensure her merger with Darby International goes through, under the threat that she will use an anonymous letter to reveal Mike's status as an unlicensed attorney.
_	Faced with the threat that Pauline may find out, Arthur begins to cool their romance.
_	On numerous occasions, he has also warned of the threat that would allegedly be posed by the healthcare repeal to small businesses, to young people, and to seniors.
_	He felt that while Calculus had become "an impartial figure" in the preceding two-volume story arc, "Destination Moon" and "Explorers on the Moon", here he had become "the Bad Mother" through his creation of an ultrasonic weapon and the threat that he poses both to the tranquility of Marlinspike and to world peace.
_	Due to the threat that the Củ Chi tunnels posed to the Saigon government, the United States stepped up its military offensive in the region in the fall of 1966 and 1967.
_	Although no sign of the threat that brought all this about materialized, for many days after the canyon resembled an armed camp.
_	In this way, the threat that the strange and unfamiliar object poses is being erased.
_	Inoculation was itself very controversial because of the threat that the procedure itself could be fatal to 2% of those who were treated, or otherwise spread the disease.
_	He is also one of the founding members, as he is one of the first to realize the threat that the Beast Planet is able to cause.
_	Between 4–16 March of the year 2000, the ITGA, financed by the tobacco industry, set out on what they dubbed a "Roadshow," during which ITGA representatives spoke to policy-makers in the developing countries of India, Kenya, Malawi, South Africa, and Zimbabwe, in addition to two "mini-Roadshows" in Argentina and Brazil, in order to voice ITGA opposition to the FCTC on the grounds that the "CTE" had underestimated the threat that tobacco control would pose to developing economies.
_	He lays out the terms of surrender to creed with the threat that if he refuses every person of Khos will be killed and also offers him an ornate ceremonial dagger of mann whose purpose is to take once own life.
_	Venky is forced to act as per the plan under the threat that he will be dismissed from his job and his career will be ruined if he fails to do so.
_	He spent the past years investigating the topic of aluminum and human health and wrote a book, 'Dirty Little Secret – The Aluminum Files' (only available in German and Polish) and directed a 90-minute documentary film, "The Age of Aluminum", where he explains the science behind the threat that he infers from certain aluminium compounds (e.g. Aluminium sulfate by referencing the Camelford water pollution incident)
_	They realized that the threat to the convoy route to and from the Soviet Union was growing, and were particularly concerned with the threat that the German battleship "Tirpitz" posed after the ship moved north.
_	Partially pirates and rogues, they do her bidding under the threat that their home, Terra Bogaton, would be destroyed otherwise.
_	The seeming inability of Pope Leo X (1513–1521) and those popes who succeeded him to comprehend the significance of the threat that Luther posed - or, indeed, the alienation of many Christians by the corruption that had spread throughout the church - was a major factor in the rapid growth of the Protestant Reformation.
_	When asked in a March 2016 interview with "The New York Times" whether he would object if Japan and South Korea "got their own nuclear arsenal, given the threat that they face from North Korea and China", Trump said that if the United States could no longer pay for protecting the two states, it could mean that Japan and South Korea would go nuclear.
_	The balloon release tradition has been ended this year due to the threat that it poses to wildlife, marine wildlife in particular.
_	The Hirogen force the Doctor to treat her, with the threat that they would just let her die, and she is put back to work in a second, more spectacular program: the town of Saint Clare in Nazi-occupied France in September 1944.
_	He combated Jansenism in his parish due to the threat that it posed to the faith.
_	At first, the Lilliputians are hospitable to Gulliver, but they are also wary of the threat that his size poses to them.
_	Ulysses tells the story of the events leading up to the war on which they are about to embark and expresses his indignation at Paris' reckless abduction of Helen and the threat that he feels toward society as a whole as a result.
_	The crises regarding polyphony and intelligibility of the text and the threat that polyphony was to be removed completely, which was assumed to be coming from the council, has a very dramatic legend of resolution.
_	A handful of former PC officers and men were rounded up and forced to work with this outfit, with the threat that their loved ones would be harmed; majority of the men who escaped managed to find their way into the hills where they joined the resistance movement until liberation came in 1944.
_	There was also the threat that the Japanese could reinforce the beachhead positions.
_	Nevertheless, the unprecedented total battlefield victory against the Knights permanently removed the threat that they had posed to Lithuania's existence for centuries.
_	Gambill was known to possess a short temper, and to exhibit sadistic features, being known to have regularly forced boys to fight each other in his presence upon the threat that if they did not do so, they would otherwise have to fight him.
_	Inoculation caused a mild form of the disease; it was new to the country and very controversial because of the threat that the procedure itself could be fatal, or otherwise spread the disease.
_	Peter Westen and H. L. A. Hart argue that throffers are not always coercive, and, when they are, it is specifically the threat that makes them so.
_	A year later, Patz authored APHA’s first policy resolution on the threat that climate change poses for public health; many subsequent resolutions on the subject followed.
_	The way you get that compliance out of a thug like Saddam is not by tripling the inspectors, but by tripling the threat that if he does not comply he will be faced with a U.N.-approved war."
_	In this role, McFarland was highly critical of President Obama's approach to combating terrorism, saying he failed to acknowledge the threat that "global Islamist jihad" posed to "Western Civilization".
_	Generational divides and the allure of extremist ideologies fueled Portland's latest Wesen homicide and the threat that Black Claw represented became something more relatable than a vast evil underground dedicated to evildoing.
_	He is sealed during the attack and released to gauge the threat that Negi and Asuna represent, and to temporarily disable Negi from combat.
_	After stepping across "The Gap" – a universe around two million steps from the Datum where the earth no longer exists – Joshua and Lobsang encounter the threat that has caused the slow migration of Trolls away from the gap.
_	She has been manipulating events in order to save the universe from the threat that banished her into the past, and reunite with her family, the Diggers.
_	It is also possible for the termites to fire their gun more than once, if the threat that caused them initially to fire continues to exist.
_	The widespread publicity given to Union General in Chief Winfield Scott's Anaconda Plan made the Confederate government aware of the threat that would be posed to the Mississippi Valley by a water-borne invasion along the course of the river.
_	""Neither your superiority, nor the threat that the spilling of human blood should be laid to my account, could prevent my shewing to you, to the last moment, what I could do for my sovereign, whom I acknowledge to be no other than the Batavian people and its representatives, when your prince's and the Orange flags have obtained their end.
_	This presumption was due to the threat that the air bases throughout the country and the naval base at Manila posed to sea lanes, as well as to the shipment of supplies to Japan from territory to the south.
_	A series of orders for compulsory tillage were enacted, with the threat that those who did not put their fields to wheat would have their land confiscated.
_	The Chinese soon responded to the challenge and the threat that this posed, however.
_	In fact, in the late 1990s, the Texas Bar Association, recognizing the threat that this trend represents to the pocketbooks of lawyers, sued Nolo Press, the country's leading publisher of self-help books and software, for alleging that Nolo was guilty of practicing law without a license.
_	BA moreover backed up its arguments with the threat that it would immediately apply to the CAA to have all of BCal's licences to operate scheduled air services revoked.
_	Shurenberg under the threat that he will tell everyone that he is a spy if Schurenberg does not agree to intimate relations with him.
_	Although there was no vehicular access to this land, there was the threat that the land might some day be developed.
_	The movie is centered on the year 1914, as the Pope grieves over the threat that is incumbent and is consoled by his nephew.
_	There follows a series of frightening encounters as Adam, with Catriona's help, begins to face the threat that seems to have beset the town.
_	The two convoys reached port safely but the incident had demonstrated the threat that convoys faced.
_	This came to a head during 1896 when it was proposed that gate profits, which were always lower in matches against the weaker clubs, be shared equally amongst the Association clubs; in response to the threat that this could be endorsed on the votes of the weaker clubs, six of the strongest clubs – , , , , and – seceded from the VFA, inviting and to join them, to form a rival senior competition, the Victorian Football League.
_	However, the Sultan Abu Ya'qub ignored the threat that had broken out in the north of his reign, preferring to carry on the siege of Tlemcen, now exhausted, it seemed was going to fall.
_	Series creator and executive producer Robert Kirkman stated that the episode's opening presented to the audience the threat that the characters face, although he said, "[It] actually adds a tremendous amount of value to the story, and so that’s what justifies these great lengths that we go to to, you know, disgust the audience."
_	In October 1917, Quebec Bulldogs manager Mike Quinn told the "Quebec Telegraph" that the Toronto club had been given three weeks to separate itself from Livingstone with the threat that the other owners would operate without Toronto if the club did not comply.
_	These barriers allow for protection against the threat that every fertilization event could become a potentially mutagenic one.
_	Scheuer challenges the common assumption that terrorism is the threat that the United States is facing in the modern era, arguing rather than Islamist insurgency (and not "terrorism") is the core of the conflict between the U.S. and Islamist forces, who in places such as Kashmir, Xinjiang, and Chechnya are "struggling not just for independence but against institutionalized barbarism."
_	Others provided mixed thoughts on why Lumumba posed the threat that ultimately made Mobutu a US-sponsored leader in the Congo. , a Belgian diplomat at the time of Lumumba, and chronicler of his death, acknowledged that part of the reason the Congo's leader was resisted by outward forces was due to his disregard for Belgian leadership in the region.
_	The player soon discovers the threat that is posed by the Shadowscythe empire, who plans to assimilate the entire Galaxy, so the player sets out to stop the Shadowscythe evil plans.
_	Mary's freedom was restricted after her cousin Elizabeth was advised of the threat that Mary posed to her own crown.
_	The Venetians modified Kyrenia Castle to meet the threat that the use of gunpowder and cannons posed.
_	A few days later, under the threat that he would resign unless his proposal was accepted, he managed to convince the cabinet to broaden the government with the participation of Alexandros Mavrokordatos and Ioannis Kolettis, leaders of the English and French party respectively.
_	The Tonkawa hired legal counsel and claimed they had been pressured into signing the agreement, under the threat that all their allotments would be canceled if they failed to capitulate.
_	He is oblivious to the threat that Zastrozzi poses, regarding him as a "phantom" who does not exist.
_	Master Zilla realizes the threat that Lo Wang poses and sends his creatures to battle him.
_	Conscious of the threat that the SER's line would pose to the Cuckoo Line, the LBSCR managed to persuade the SER to withdraw its proposal in return for a construction of a spur between the two stations in Tunbridge Wells.
_	In 773, Charlemagne invaded Italy, intending to end the threat that Desiderius and Gerberga posed towards him.
_	He later explained that National Assembly members opted to extend Jammeh's term by declaring a state of emergency due to the threat that they would lose their gratuity.
_	Because a nation will refuse to cooperate in all future periods once its partner defects once, the indefinite removal of cooperation becomes the threat that makes such strategy a limiting case.
_	This avoided the threat that the estate might be requisitioned for personal use by Göring or Himmler.
_	Factor was so shaken by the threat that he returned at the behest of a local doctor to America, where upon arrival he took to his bed.
