_	The anti JLA weapons prove effective against the DP as well but with "Luthor's" aid they win the day and are convinced he is telling the truth that the JLA have gone bad.
_	A passing little girl named Lian Di says the truth that the leaves were ate by local hungry people.
_	In the climax, Mouli comes to court and tells the truth that he killed Ravi because he would cheat many people.
_	It is through this experience that we will realize the truth that there is only one God and we are all expressions of his love.
_	One day Roger stumbles upon the truth that his life is controlled in every detail.
_	In an article published in the socialist magazine "Tribune", published on 25 April 1940, he made a final statement of his Christian pacifism: "I hold fast to the truth that this world is big enough for all, that we are all brethren, children of one Father".
_	They hear a phone call that reveals the truth that she was simply acting, and in the morning they stage a fight to show her they can also act.
_	Meanwhile, Doctor Durga (Kushboo) enters Shreehari home and everyone gets disappointed by her arrival as they want Indu to be united with Shreehari and Durga reveals the truth that she is running her hospital along with her husband in Delhi.
_	Ela get a sms revealing the truth that sanju has told mac to behave like that with ela and knowing this truth ela breaks her friendship with sanju.
_	Army founder William Booth insisted on gender equality, writing in 1908 that "Every officer and soldier should insist upon the truth that woman is as important, as valuable, as capable and as necessary to the progress and happiness of the world as man" and women have been prominent in leadership positions in the history of the organisation.
_	Bill gets into a car accident which almost prompts Violet to move back to New Jersey, but Bill convinces her not to give up while telling her the truth that her Mother didn't actually have a problem with stage-fright and quit singing because of Bill.
_	The statement mission of the column was to provide "all the truth that is unfit to print and equally offensive to the left, the right and the centre".
_	Fiona the truth that their business dealings in Dubai actually fell through and tells her that "Jack" is a good thief but a terrible person.
_	Regarding Pérez’s 2014 release Panama 500, Harvard Professor David Carrasco remarked “Danilo’s musical vision says ‘PRESENTE’ to the musical tones, timbres, lips and dedos who discovered what only this year we learn while listening to Panama 500, the truth that what we think of as modest, little Panamá, IS also the center of the world,’ our becoming world of music, human dialogue, human possibility and pleasure.
_	Marianne convinces them with the truth that she was asleep, and suggests that the murderer was an intruder.
_	They were down to the people realising the truth that the establishment was not acting in their best interests."
_	Though hunting him down on the impression he was heading to Megatron, Bumblebee would learn from Shockwave the truth that he really sent an innocent bot to the Stockade.
_	Meanwhile, Mathai also arrives learning the truth that it was Dasan maash who disrupted Annie's marriage proposal and also set the school building on fire, to alienate Paappi from everybody else.
_	The slogan can be used to raise awareness about a current cause; one way is to do so is by showing the truth that the cause is supporting.
_	"Jnana" in verse 24, says B. R. Rajam Lyer, means knowledge of the truth that the unchanging existence in the Universe is Brahman, who is "Chaitanya" or consciousness.
_	Synod issued a study in 1989 refuting any end times claim, declaring that "repeatedly taught by Jesus and the apostles is the truth that the exact hour of Christ's coming remains hidden in the secret counsels of God (Matt. 24:36)."
_	It wasn't until November 12, 2009 when Rafe Hernandez revealed the truth that Sami Brady knew she wasn't Grace's birth mother.
_	I mean, that is so far from the truth that it makes me want to throw up.
_	Mary tells him the truth that she is an heiress and not a gypsy as she had led Hutton to believe.
_	Frank must confront the truth that he is a coward, not a hero.
_	After Ikazuchii died, Akomaru learned the truth that his mother abandoned him because of a taboo that one twin must be killed so the other can have the power of both.
_	He said, "[I] can say and tell the truth that no Choctaw ever drew his bow against the United States ...
_	In an email to Delawareans on August 28, after being publicly cleared of the falsehoods, Flowers reaffirmed his decision to not seek re-election by telling the public, "We have achieved something greater than re-election victory, the truth that I have served our state honorably and that wrongs will be righted.
_	Finding no Sikhs around, the government falsely announced in each village with the beat of a drum, that all Sikhs had been eliminated but the common people knew the truth that this was not the case.
_	While Carpathia has the world's adoration and trust, he is seemingly unaware of a small group of rebels spreading the truth that he is in fact the Antichrist.
_	Still, Chandru hid the truth that Satya loves Jothi to make her agree to their plan, and she agreed.
_	Tanja begins to trust Elisabeth and hopes that she can help her, leaving her with the truth that Maria isn't Francesca after all with admitting that she faked the DNA results.
_	Over the next four days, Nick and Jane's attraction grows, as Nick explores the old building, attends his mother's bedside, and unravels the truth that links both of them with the developing events in his and Jane's life.
_	A hairdresser and a greengrocer fall in love, concealing from each other the truth that they are really a princess and an army officer in disguise.
_	He has a nonfoundationalist perspective which searches for the truth that forms reality.
_	Word gets around and spreads like wild fire and then Karan, who then finds out the truth that was hidden from him by Payal, becomes dismayed , hostile, confused and tries to commit suicide.
_	Irene the truth that he and Clara will be having a child.
_	Miller gets into the habit of driving Vera to work at the factory, still not revealing the truth that his family owns the business.
_	Magayon didn’t reveal the truth that she’s convicted in Kabanua, instead she pretended to miss her daughter and wanted to help in finding the Takda.
_	Megumi is quickly found out by her old male friends who all start hitting on her once they discover the truth that she was Kei.
_	She summoned a press release and had Harry Osborn tell the reporters the truth that Norman was a horrible person for experimenting on himself and killing his mother.
_	It was doubtless miserable Hannah Tapley's own fault in speaking the truth that caused her to be fined.
_	Peddabbayi gets killed by Ranjith after knowing the truth that his sister Lakshmi is killed by none other than Peddabbayi.
_	He has also made suggestions about its political implications, including the revival of older theories of eugenics, which he describes as "the truth that dares not speak its name".
_	Jennie alone can save him by telling the truth that he was with her when the shot was fired.
_	Yoda then reveals to Luke the truth that Leia is really his sister and that Vader is their father.
_	Yue Ya eventually knew the truth that Wu Xin will fall into slumber within a month and will forgets everything upon awakening.
_	It recognizes the truth that appearance as appearance or as process of the world, is real, the appearance is not a superimposition on Shiva actively involved in free spontaneous kriya of creation.
_	But before their wedding, Avni found the truth that Akshat and Arpita were lovers, but she chose not to expose him.
_	First, the city of Makkah and the hardships being faced therein by Muhammad and the state of the children of Adam have been cited as a witness to the truth that this world is not a place of rest and ease for man, where he might have been born to enjoy life, but here he has been created into toil and struggle.
_	Steiner takes Descartes' dictum, "I think, therefore I am," to signify the truth that "I am certain . . . that [thinking] exists in the sense that I myself bring it forth," However, Steiner advances the objection (common to many others, beginning in Descartes' own time), that the further claim that "I am" is more problematic.
_	He concluded saying "The falsehood of Hinduism was eloquently challenged yesterday by those who know the truth that sets people free—
_	Finally, Ija becomes madly frightened and she shouts out the truth that she had only killed Aditi.
_	During the ecclesiastical court that follows, Camber and his family are forced to remain silent, unwilling to reveal the truth that Camber is actually sitting in the very room where the court is determining his sanctity.
_	Nelson admitted that the truth that he is Optimo and was in hiding in order to protect Alan from being targeted by Razorclaw.
_	In episode 66, Alexis learns that Fallon is investigating Jeff's mysterious illness and warns Adam that if Fallon learns the truth that he's on his own.
_	Loyal coworkers, however, help Timofey discover the truth that he was exposed to 1,000 rems of radiation.
_	Left alone with Ranevskaya, Trofimov insists that she finally face the truth that the house and the cherry orchard will be sold at auction.
_	Two days later on November 17 in a speech directed to the Supreme Court, president Uribe reacted to the Court's decision to indict any politician linked to paramilitaries and said that "criminal responsibilities are individual" and that "the truth that was surfacing was a result of his democratic security plan and the demobilization process of the paramilitary groups".
_	Eventually Moo-hyuk finds out the truth that his mother actually did not abandon him.
_	Shakespeare had believed that Priscilla was a hero of the resistance during the war, but after her death he uncovered the truth that she was a lover to a high-ranking Nazi official.
_	Finally, all of them know the truth that the son in law is none other than Raghuchandra.
_	when Barbarita is convinced that she is truly in love with Antonio, he breaks her heart by revealing the truth that he was only using her to get revenge.
_	One of our tasks is to bring home the truth that it is not derogatory to respect the old age facts of the science of the soul.
_	The truth of "nirodha", cessation, or "dukkha-nirodha", the cessation of "dukkha", is the truth that "dukkha" ceases, or can be confined, when craving and clinging cease or are confined, and nirvana is attained.
_	As Sarah Jane discovers the truth that Joseph Serf is a hologram, Luke and Sky go into a basement and discover that an alien race is controlling the Joseph Serf image.
_	The novel "" reveals that these three Prophets, originally known as the Minister of Fortitude, the Vice-Minister of Tranquility, and the Philologist, plotted to usurp the throne of the Hierarchs; in the process, they hide the truth that humanity is descended from the Covenant gods, the Forerunners, believing that the revelation could shatter the Covenant.
_	She then reveals the truth that, for creating Cain and Abel, there was a necessity for parents who provide the necessary reproductive fluids.
_	The Warlock Lord could never face the truth that he had died centuries before, and the Sword would force that truth on him.
_	Finally Sakunthaladevi reveals the truth that it was she who killed Karmegam, and Bharani took the blame and was jailed so that she is saved.
_	She reveals the truth that Shankar was the real murderer.
_	Allah answers Moses’ prayers by making the bed of Aaron descend from heaven to earth so that the Children of Israel could witness the truth that Aaron died of natural causes.
_	Yintang knows the truth that the Qianlong Emperor is not the legitimate successor to the throne and he constantly threatens the emperor with the evidence he holds.
_	He was a witness to the truth that men of different races and classes might live, eat, and work together as brothers."
_	Rasa reveals the truth to Gaara that his uncle's final action was his doing and that the truth that Gaara's mother always loved him, moving Gaara to tears after learning his mother's will is the force behind his sand.
_	While the New Kid's parents go upstairs to have sex, Professor Chaos confronts the New Kid with the truth that no matter how much they change the past, the New Kid's parents will have had sex.
_	Deva, who doesn't know that Chakravarthy is his father, goes to his house where Geetha also comes out from the coma by Deva's touch and he comes to know the truth that they are his parents.
_	She reveals the truth that her love is one-sided and Madhu really loves her and she is still in his thoughts.
_	UK will recognize the truth that no one in the Sri Lankan Government ever wanted to kill Tamil civilians.
_	While in fundamental harmony with Mill, especially as regards the general conception of the science, Cairnes differs from him to a greater or less extent on nearly all the cardinal doctrines, subjects his opinions to a searching examination, and generally succeeds in giving to the truth that is common to both a firmer basis and a more precise statement.
_	A truck driver is tormented by jealousy about the former boyfriend of the beautiful woman he is about to marry, launching a hunt to find him and know the truth that he feels his fiance is hiding from him.
_	Soon Hugo turned up in Hollyoaks in search of Zara, leaving her to tell the truth that she was still a virgin.
_	Angrily, she unveils the truth that had long been hidden: that they are his children and she is the daughter he had failed to kill; Bug had survived in his dead mother's womb albeit born prematurely.
_	Ram later identifies the girl he had seen in the village, gets in touch with her, and hides the truth that he is married to Kasturi and marries that girl.
_	Naachiyar took him to the delivering lady doctor and gets to know the truth that Naachiyar couldn't give birth to children and Subhu only gave her sons to her as their sons.
_	At the end of the Sutta the Buddha says he knows these 62 views and he also knows the truth that surpasses them.
_	When he finally became aware of the incest, after recognizing the daughter's birthmarks, he told his daughter the truth that resulted in the daughter's suicide.
_	During the fight, through the truth that is revealed by the Sword, Par discovers who he had really fought, and then follows Coll to help him.
_	Janice attempts to take control of the Grand Prix by taking the Cyalume Baton from Jewlie, only for Jewlie to reveal the truth that she plans to hand control over to her sister at the end of the competition.
_	The local police inspector was able to bring out the truth that a CBI is involved in the role behind the secret work of helping the needy people, although he was not able to confirm it.
_	Devastated by a tragic turn of events, she embarks on a quest to discover the truth that lies behind what she knows about her daughter Zoe.
_	In the end, a goon who was supposed to be dumb blurts out the truth that Sankarapandi was responsible for the temple theft, and he murdered Thanagarasu and made it look like suicide.
_	He confronts him with the truth that his parents are not dead and that Fury never took him to the mansion.
_	Though it was evident to Nalan that the marriage of Damayanthi was false information, Bahukan tells her the truth that they had come for the second marriage of Damayanthi.
_	We shall go down in shame, for we dare not conceal from ourselves the truth that a nation is as bad as its government.
_	Mansoor Ali Khan is killed by Sirasu after knowing the truth that he killed his own sister Lakshmi.
_	But Daigo eventually learns the truth that Dantetsu and Torin set up the plan for the latter to destroy Deboth Hell to ensure the Deboth Army would not be revived once defeated.
_	He had read widely and formed habits of independent thought and respect for the truth that would remain with him for life.
_	Jai knows the truth that there was never anything going on with Bani and Daksh and apologizes to her.
_	Although she claimed that every word she wrote was real, the truth that it was a pure publicity stunt was revealed.
_	Since the witness's answer will rely on an out-of-court statement that Susan made, if Susan is not available for cross-examination, and it is to prove the truth that Tom was in town, it is hearsay.
_	Unable to convince Clara the truth that he is from the future, Doc is spurned.
_	Neerja's daughter never finds the truth that Leela is not her real mother.
_	In this fractured world where old wars, loves and losses live on, The Lotus and the Storm is a passionate testament to the truth that the past is the present—inseparable, inescapable, enduring."
_	Later in November 2013, Heather admits the truth that she lied about Jason and Franco being twins and Franco is really her son with Scott Baldwin.
_	The Rugrats finally find out the truth that Reptar is a robot (Mechagodzilla) controlled and built by Angelica (from Pego building blocks).
_	Raj tells him the truth that was told to him, and Gopi said Basanti is not married, it is a lie, she is living a sick life, waiting for him.
_	In a unexpected situation, Bangarraju visits Krishna Sastry's home to pay Sambhavana but shockingly he finds out the truth that Sulaiman is acting as Krishna Sastry.
_	Before her death, Jack investigates on the whereabouts of Dawn's father who has never been mentioned by Christy, only to be enlightened with the truth that Dawn is a rape-baby.
_	At the same time, Ram Mohan Rao comes to know the innocence of Ravi and the truth that is the real culprit is Madhu, so he apologizes to him and welcomes him back to his house.
_	Somen then leaves, but Nandlal reveals the truth that Kajri was raped and it is not her fault.
_	Aquaman travelled to Xebel to free Mera but was shocked to hear the truth that his ancestors murdered the Dead King's family and usurped the throne.
_	Vishal reveals the truth that it is not he who plays the instrument but some invisible person.
_	Then they continue torturing him until he tells the truth that he murdered their cult leader.
_	But, knowing the truth that some golds are placed inside the fruit through their yogic power, they did not accept the fruits also.
_	Raja recognizes that Manohar’s parents are only his parents from whom he was separated in childhood and Babu recognizes that Narayana Rao as killer of his parents there arises a clash between Raja & Babu which calm down after knowing the truth that real culprit was Raja Shekaram who killed Babu’s parents by wearing mask of Narayana Rao.
_	He said, "[I] can say and tell the truth that no Choctaw ever drew his bow against the United States ...
_	When Starfire learns the truth that her brother hadn't truly returned, she figured that it was Blackfire behind the evil scheme.
_	Dhruvsatya means the truth that is as immovable and eternal as the position of the "polestar".
_	Prabhavathy also reveals the truth that she staged a drama to send Chinnayya away from her father.
_	The dream is so vivid and so realistic that it could easily pass for reality, yet the man is able to maintain the truth that this is all an illusion.
_	He tells Devanshi the truth that he was plotting against her because he did not want her to be with Vardaan and that he has realizes what true love is.
_	Eventually, Koyomi learns the truth that she is actually , the White Wizard's daughter.
_	Day is credited with stretching the truth that came to be known as sensationalism.
_	Velma reveals the truth that her real last name is Von Dinkenstein, which her great grandparents shortened to Dinkley when they moved in from the old country.
_	He explained, "It is the truth that has lost.
_	I do not ascribe to any one religious ideology but do value the truth that exists in them all.
_	It is theorized that the song resulted from the truth that Guiteau wrote "I am Going to the Lordy" and was believed because of the way it was written.
_	Jamee Rae at Sharefaith echoes these sentiments "Through daily reading of God's Word, which is referred to as the "logos", Christians will have knowledge of God and be able to memorize Scripture and to offer non-believers the truth that is written.
_	By presenting the story of a "bisexual gay" man who develops an attraction to the opposite sex, the play demonstrates the truth that "for some gays, they yearn for that happiness with other people regardless if they have vagina or... cock."
_	he responded "It is the word that I speak, the truth that I speak, that is deeply embedded in their souls...I am flesh, blood, and spirit - but it is the spirit I possess; the spirit the ancient prophets possess, that is of such significance to the redemption of our people."
_	It shows him the truth that he is constantly hiding from.
_	In an unexpected situation, Dayashankar visits Krishna's home to pay his father but shockingly he finds out the truth that Sulaiman is acting as Krishna Bhattacharya.
_	Sikander's mother self-filmed a video in which she reveals the truth that Ranchor was killed by Shamsher, and the twins were Ranchor's kids.
_	In reality, after fighting with Ravi, she ties him up in chair and tells him the truth that she also loved him.
_	When Tracy Quartermaine came to town to blackmail Skye with the truth that she wasn't a Quartermaine after all, Jax tried to charm Tracy into revealing the proof behind her claim.
_	In the first seven verses, the system of winds has been presented as an evidence of the truth that the Resurrection which is being foretold by the Qur'an and the Prophet Muhammad (upon whom be Allah's peace and blessings) must come to pass.
_	The individual in Christianity thus needs the God and Savior to provide the condition for learning the truth that the individual is in untruth (i.e., sin).
_	However, Kumar later reveals the truth that the original Amar was already married to Lata and she shouldn't disturb their peaceful marital life.
_	Joined by Suzaku, he learns the truth that his mother faked her death and has been aiding the Emperor in their goal to wipe out individuality from the world.
_	Yet all appear to treasure the truth that liberates, and Jesus taught his followers to love one another.
_	Prabhavathy also reveals the truth that she staged a drama to send Chinnayya away from her father.
_	His works are sober, yet he cleverly chooses the most salient and the most accessible points to present to his audience, so that all who heard or read his writings would be more likely to understand the truth that he aims to demonstrate.
_	Shankar arrives at the hospital after taking down the rowdies where Doss reveals the truth that Bhanu asked him to snatch Sarika's sari.
_	Miserable and convinced she belongs nowhere, Kaye decides to tell her mother the truth that she is a changeling, long ago left in place of a human daughter.
_	The truth of "samudaya", "arising," "coming together," or "dukkha-samudaya", the origination or arising of "dukkha", is the truth that repeated life in this world, and its associated "dukkha" arises, or continues, with taṇhā, "thirst," craving for and clinging to these impermanent states and things.
_	After knowing the truth that Sulaiman acted as Krishna Sastry, he asks about the reason for the fraud and Sulaiman tells that it was to unite the two families.
_	Biscane then reveals the truth that he is actually Kahuna's jealous older brother, and is revealed to be the person who tried to drink the potion.
_	In the end, the Clock Store Owner reveals to everyone the truth that the Digimon Hunt was to select one among the Digimon Hunters to battle Quartzmon.
_	But on Puloman's insistence, Agni told him the truth that Brighu had married Puloma as per Vedic scriptural rites in his presence as she had only been betrothed to him (rakshasa) and not formally married to her.
_	She explains: "I am a spirit opening to the truth that lives in all of these religions...
_	Raaya arrives to conduct interrogation and Rama says the truth that God himself has given the jewelry to him.
_	When Prabhakar is about to be killed, the sage reveals the truth that he none other than the King and removes his disguise.
_	Tripundra, to those who apply it, is a reminder of the spiritual aims of life, the truth that body and material things shall someday become ash, and that mukti is a worthy goal.
_	After the death of the nurse, Aayush faces the truth that she is not his real mother and travels all way Kathmandu to find Dr. Sharma and reveal the truth.
_	The bomb was hailed as a hydrogen bomb, and the truth that it was actually a large fission bomb was kept secret by the British government until the end of the Cold War.
_	Christ is simultaneously both truth and figure because his external, physical self is the figure of the truth, the physical manifestation of the truth that exists in the soul.
_	The staff became "so concerned about Shirley Turner's approach to confrontation and the truth that we would never give her feedback or hold any major discussion [with her] alone."
_	Neo is put off by Kid's ardor, but accepts a gift of a battered metal spoon that Kid gives him on behalf of one of the city's orphans (Neo had met one of the 'potentials' in the Oracle's apartment, philosophizing that one must realize the truth that 'there is no spoon').
_	Irenaeus (died A.D. 202) wrote: "One should not seek among others the truth that can be easily gotten from the Church.
_	She assists her adoptive sister as part of the Department of Extranormal Operations (DEO) as she discovered the truth that her foster father also worked for the DEO so they would not take her, while Alex's co-workers at the DEO help her perfect her powers.
_	David Weigel writes that Kokesh defended RT's "propaganda" function, saying "We're putting out the truth that no one else wants to say.
_	She scolded him and revealed the truth that he was the son of Arjuna.
_	Pearson is forced to confront the truth that there are some who do not shirk duty as much as embrace it to such a degree that mere government directives pale in comparison.
_	A scholar every bit as inquisitive as Helmut, Ariane yet comes to embody the truth that Helmut has forsaken: that conventional taboos, though conventional, serve a grand ethical purpose.
_	This is the truth that I am to teach you.
_	Faced with the truth that her child will be born with defects, she faces a decision to keep the baby or go against her religious beliefs and have an abortion.
_	Melito presented elaborate parallels between the Old Testament or Old Covenant, which he likened to the form or mold, and the New Testament or New Covenant, which he likened to the truth that broke the mold, in a series of Eklogai, six books of extracts from the Law and the Prophets presaging Christ and the Christian faith.
_	He then stands up and ends the recording, leaving Bloom stunned with the truth that the couple deliberately sacrificed themselves to discredit capital punishment.
_	But Kamakshi’s father arrives there and reveals the truth that while he went to sell the jewels, he was caught by the police suspecting him to be a smuggler following which he was jailed for a few years.
_	These things were perceived clearly, seen clearly and were discarded by the Tathagata, and by this act based on the truth that people praise and revered Tathagatha.
_	Renuka then tells her the truth that Varun actually gave up his life in the US and his medical seat and has decided to settle and practice as a Doctor in their village!
_	He realized the truth that 'all live, move and have their being in Him."
_	The tentative phrasing seems to imply that the evidence is neither conclusive or even establishes a high degree of probability of the truth that Tarentum (Taranto) was a Spartan colony.
_	Martin Heidegger, the German philosopher, on the one hand showed death as something conclusively determined, in the sense that it is inevitable for every human being, while on the other hand, it unmasks its indeterminate nature via the truth that one never knows when or how death is going to come.
_	That, along with the thought that the Sheriff is responsible for the murder and J.D.'s last words that it's all about her, causes others to partly blame her, until Madison tells the truth that the Sheriff is not the killer.
_	Dee Dee Hutchinson is the biological daughter of Tegan and they learn the truth that a drunken midwife, Mariam Andrews (Helen Lederer) caused the error.
_	Laura is confronted with the truth that Lydecker was the murderer.
_	Joe the truth that he is Gabriel's father.
_	The film's plot centres on the fallout within the family of the now adult but still emotionally immature Isabelle finally learning the truth that their mother is still alive and simply abandoned them.
_	The poet, in putting faith in the truth that he has received, has earned a place among nature and been given the right to speak on this truth.
_	However, it soon becomes clear that her hatred for the Melos is a veneer to protect her from the truth that she is unwilling to accept:
_	In the episode "Kidnapped", Robert acknowledged the truth that had been right under his nose: his son, Virgil, was Static.
_	He is quite shocked about the truth that Lilian is the unregistered lady he has been investigating.
_	Niranjan also realises that Gangaa was telling the truth that Sagar is Krishna's father.
_	When he inquires a teacher, he knows the truth that Kalyan was doing robberies to save children.
_	Public officers above all other persons should be imbued with the truth that their business is the public’s business and they should be the last to tolerate any attempt to keep the people from being fully informed as to what is going on in official agencies.
_	Antonio wants to know the truth that he feels everybody is hiding from him.
_	It will start to change her life including to know the truth that Vivian is her real mother.
_	We hold the truth that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, among them life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
_	The first and most wide-reaching consideration of the process of spirit, God, or the idea, reveals to us the truth that the idea must be studied (1) in itself; this is the subject of logic or metaphysics; (2) out of itself, in nature; this is the subject of the philosophy of nature; and (3) in and for itself, as mind; this is the subject of the philosophy of mind ("Geistesphilosophie").
_	The viewer is invited to ponder what Majid's son has inherited from his father; Georges questions the son on "what dumb obsession [Majid] passed down", though Wheatley argues that if the son is telling the truth that Majid raised him properly, he would not hate Georges.
_	Unlike Jenny, she refuses to see Margaret and does not respect the truth that this new/old relationship is doing Chris some good.
_	Enraged by Vera's loss, and the truth that Frank killed her father, Karen wants Jason out of the Mafia war.
_	Holly would get involved (after suffering from migraine headaches), and almost marry for a short time a dangerous man who almost killed her and Harley Cooper, Dr. Daniel St. John (who originally arrived in town with Justin and helped to make Samantha walk again) who killed his former sister-in-law, Jean Weatherill, by knocking her in the head with his own name plate that Holly gave him as a gift, when Jean threatened to go to Holly about the truth that Daniel had killed his wife and Jean's sister, Carol.
_	On the other hand, it touches and solves in a most satisfactory manner the housing problem of the "average man" which, in many communities, is quite as pressing as the industrial housing problem and, as an architectural publication pointed out in describing Linden Court, it is "veritably an exemplification of the truth that beauty pays and that there is no legitimate reason for the desolation of the usual speculative building."
_	Tragedy also ensued when Miguel found out the truth that Kay, Tabitha, and Endora were witches.
_	Correa has been accused, in the words of the President of the Inter-American Press Association, of mounting a "systematic and hostile campaign to do away with the independent press and establish, by law or through the courts, ownership of the truth that all the Ecuadoran people must swallow."
_	When the Family shows John that they have discovered his TARDIS, Joan accepts the truth that John is really the Doctor.
_	After this, Valeria's pregnancy starts showing, and she tells Reinaldo that he is the father, without telling him the truth that Ana Julia is the biological mother of the child that she is carrying.
_	Everyone thinks that it is Maya who had done shoplifting but get shocked when Nonie confesses the truth that she had stolen the purse.
_	"Clarence Blount realized and accepted the truth that our lives do not belong to us alone.
_	The movie ends as William is driving back to Manila again and JP, alone in the nocturnal Tagaytay rest house, is numbed to the truth that their relationship is doomed in just one night.
_	According to Christians, once the Jews had discovered the truth that Alfonsi had, they would convert because the truth was self-evident.
_	Kyle arrives at Carmine's grave, and confesses the truth that she knows he was her father, but cannot prove it yet.
_	Only after learning the truth that Kwai Yi Hei is the actual artist does he begin to develop strong feelings for her and begin using strong-arm tactics to extend the length of the renovation project in order to spend more time with her.
_	He attributed its success and charm of this page to his stumbling "upon the truth that what readers like most is to read about themselves and the things they all do."
_	But in Korea, after knowing the truth that I cannot do the work I enjoy and do well at all outside of its influence…
_	I realized the truth that I was terminated because my desire to stay as an aloof scholar was not as clear compared to those who tried to gain power who had very clear desires and was thorough in their pursuit of it.
_	Avinaash reveals the truth that Shikha is Samaira to the Jagganath family.
_	Kerry went completely off the rails when she realised she couldn't tell the truth that her life was destroyed and she gave up completely.
_	But Priya follows him and digs out the truth that though he hails from a rich family, his father has now gone bankrupt and has no money even to pay the exam fee.
_	Sivakami gets angry on hearing about her son’s behaviour and informs him the truth that both Muthu and Ranganayaki are in love which shocks Raja.
_	Bruce Wayne discovers the truth that he was Batman and after talking to a stranger who smiles a lot (it is heavily implied that this is the amnesic Joker) he forces Alfred to implant his memories as Batman, but at the cost of his memories as the reborn Bruce Wayne.
_	At the tower, K-Sha reveals the truth that she is Lastation's Gold Third member and is also in love with Noire.
_	In his "A New Beginning" speech on June 4, 2009, at Cairo University in Cairo, Egypt, President of the United States Barack Obama stated that "I've come here to Cairo to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world, one based on mutual interest and mutual respect, and one based upon the truth that America and Islam are not exclusive and need not be in competition.
_	He was pleased that the episode was a "decoy" for the truth that actor Matt Smith had actually been chosen for the part of the Eleventh Doctor.
_	Prabhakaran tells the truth that they were corrupt, and the film ends with Prabhakaran being released from the court.
_	Rabbi Hanin cited to prove this, reading Jacob to say to God: "I am become diminished [that is, I have less merit to my credit] by reason of all the deeds of kindness and all the truth that You have shown to your servant."
_	Monica attempted to hide this fact from Rick, but Alan eventually exposed the truth that there were rare circumstances when two parents with type O blood could conceive a type B blood baby.
_	Raja realizes the truth that it was Rao Gopal Rao, who killed his sister and plans to take revenge for his sister's murder.
_	The psalmist, and also the prophet Isaiah, warn that worship of such powerless objects is not harmless, however: "Those who worship them will be like them," that is, unseeing, unfeeling, unable to hear the truth that God would communicate to them.
_	In one of his lectures on Shakespeare, Coleridge claimed that "Shakespeare wished to impress upon us the truth that action is the chief end of existence—that no faculties of intellect, however brilliant, can be considered valuable, or indeed otherwise than as misfortunes, if they withdraw us from or render us repugnant to action, and lead us to think and think of doing, until the time has elapsed when we can do anything effectually."
_	Traumatized by the Battle of the Bulge and the Nazi concentration camps, Salinger "found it impossible to fit into a society that ignored the truth that he now knew."
_	Ratnaprabhsuri further named her "Sacciya", one who had told the truth, as Chamunda had told him the truth that a rainy season stay in Osian would be beneficial for him.
_	Cat and Wacky went to the bar and talked to David, who told Wacky the truth that Cat loves Wacky.
_	Gautham speaks to the General in Private and reveals the truth that his sister was cruelly raped by the then commanding officer Varma after killing all the terrorists knocking her unconscious for the rest of her life.
_	When Barbara touches it, and Diana asks for the Girdle, the lasso makes Barbara tell the truth that there is no second Girdle.
_	Now a journey begins, a journey to find out the root cause of terrorism, in depth nature of terrorism, a journey which ends in finding out the truth that it’s not the religion but a few people dividing the masses to play with their vested interest.
_	The terrified Dionysus tells the truth that he is a god.
_	Babe soon realizes the truth that Richie set up JR, and JR later saves
_	But as Livia is slyly assuring Octavia that her husband will forgive his mother’s absence, while clearly conveying the truth that he will not, Atia arrives, having determined not to be defeated.
_	He finally sees the truth that the reader has known all along.
_	Even if you were working for traditional media, you didn’t have the opportunity to offer your perspective, to tell the unvarnished version of the truth that you see every day...it really hearkens back to the tradition of the black press."
_	In "The Realm of Understanding and the Individual" ("Das Verstandestum und das Individuum"), Karl Schmidt examined the history of Hegelianism and derived the truth that, "I am only myself."
_	Steve learned the truth that Jack was his own brother, Billy.
_	Then her father tells the truth that he is guilty.
_	While dealing with the public's prejudice against the Beat Riders, Kouta learns the truth of Helheim Forest, Yggdrasill's goals, and the truth that the first Inves he killed was actually Yuya.
_	Caught in a bigamous relationship, Anthony's wives will eventually find out the truth that they aren't Anthony's only wife which will lead to repercussions into their lives.
_	Hyung-do finds himself working with this group as he hopes to uncover the truth that led to his mentor's death.
_	Jamie McDaniel, a spokesperson for Soulforce who works to change the antigay policies of the SBC, said: "It’s tragic that so many, like Rev. Latham, have never been told the truth that they can live with dignity and express their God-given sexuality in ways that are open, honest, loving and life-affirming.
_	Out of this need to give form to the truth that is revealed to him, the prophet places the stamp of his own individuality upon that truth."
_	Emma immediately does some research and uncovers the truth that the woman, Lilith Page, is not only Maleficent's daughter, but was once the childhood friend of Emma, who also discovers that fate has controlled her life down to the finest detail, which includes influencing the one friend she ever had.
_	The bomb was hailed as a hydrogen bomb, and the truth that it was actually a large fission bomb was kept secret by the British government until the end of the Cold War.
_	"The Gilded Six-Bits" symbolizes the meaning of a true marriage and the truth that lies underneath its meaning.
_	Eventually, having discovered the truth that Bobby is married prior to Nina, Chackochan calls off the wedding, and publicly humiliates Matthews for the dishonesty.
_	It is the ground of our common call to leadership, the truth that makes leaders of us all.
_	Tolkien wrote the following about the idea behind the One Ring: "I should say that it was a mythical way of representing the truth that potency (or perhaps potentiality) if it is to be exercised, and produce results, has to be externalized and so as it were passes, to a greater or lesser degree, out of one's direct control."
_	Alex trying to get to admit the truth that she is not really crazy and just putting on a show.
_	One night, Jaime told Clara to meet in front of Irene's house to tell the truth that Natoy is not the biological father of Clara's second baby, but Clara realizes that it was Jaime's plan to tell the truth, and when they were in front of Irene's house, Clara gets a bottle and breaks it to stab Jaime.
_	Peter into submission and reveals his identity to Bud, along with the truth that he became handicapped after being shot in the line of duty.
_	While the contents of "Thinking and Destiny" are from no other book or body of authority, he indicated that the authority for the truth in the book is in the reader who can judge the statements by the truth that is in him or her.
_	The bomb was hailed as a hydrogen bomb, and the truth that it was actually a large fission bomb was kept secret by the British government until the end of the Cold War.
_	But if Smith had known the truth that Jones will "not" get the job, that would have defeated the justification for his belief.)
_	Carcosa speaks an unknown language to Sax, who experiences visions of spectral planes and hideous primordial creatures, while understanding the truth that Aklo is not a drug, but the language Carcosa spoke to him.
_	And the truth that comes from eating from the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil from the Bible—this truth affirms her assertion of female subjectivity.
_	So, his entire name may be translated as 'the truth that has crossed over.'"
_	In the words of reviewer Jace Lacob, the episode "revolves around changes both great and small, about the way the scales can fall from our eyes and we can see the truth that has been standing in front of us for so long.
_	Sean T. Collins of "The New York Observer" called the series "a documentarian’s unicorn: a quest for the truth that, it seems, found it, and found it spectacularly," adding that in comparison to usual television true-crime documentary fare, "The Jinx" "pulls an SUV with a vanity plate that reads 'BEVERLEY' up on the curb and mows it all down."
_	Ramakrishnan and Thiru try hard to find Thilothama and make her tell all the truth that nothing happened between them.
_	Alice wanders into the unknown terrain as the Cheshire Cat monologues that Alice has found the truth that was "worth the pain fighting for", and Wonderland, though damaged, is safe for the time being.
_	One day when RV and Shona start fighting, Princess overhears them and learns the truth that they actually are in trouble with money and that there's no reality show.
_	As Natsuhiko recounts more of his memories from the past six days, he learns of the truth that he is the one that has PTSD and not Yuuri and the Yuuri that was with him throughout the past nine years was an illusion in his mind.
_	That is what Don Briel did for thousands of students: he led them from the shadowlands of post-modern incoherence into the truth that reflects the Truth who is the Triune God."
_	Abounding in metaphors and Homeric similes, introduced by the poet himself for the first time in Kannada, the epic brings home the truth that all beings, even the most wicked and sinful, are destined to evolve and ultimately attain perfection.
_	As she hides the truth that she is skipping school to give her brother Habagat, a good life and saving money for an education into this dismay Daphne.
_	Felice reveals the truth that she is Jewish and feared for her life, and the two make up.
_	The plot moves forward with Jai and Jaya sharing a few romantic moments but Lokhande discovers the truth that Jai and his family are rich.
_	Mondlane's death was mourned at a funeral in 1969 which was officiated by his Oberlin classmate and friend the Reverend Edward Hawley, who said during the ceremonies that Mondlane "...laid down his life for the truth that man was made for dignity and self-determination."
_	Gino Moliterno argued that "Rosi's highly original strategy in this landmark film is to aim at neither an "objective" journalistic documentary nor a fictional recreation but to employ as wide a range of disparate formal and stylistic elements as necessary to conduct a committed search for the truth that becomes, in a sense, its own narrative."
_	She discloses the truth that he has no right over anything he possesses except the "rudraksha", which he is wearing on his neck as he is an orphan who was found in Arunachaleshwarar Temple in Thiruvannamalai and taken from his mother during her last breath, who also named him Arunachalam.
_	After knowing the truth that Sulaiman acted as Krishna Bhattacharya, he asks about the reason for the fraud and Sulaiman tells that it was to unite the two families.
_	Add a very nosy neighbor named Eve Scrimmer (Nada Despotovich), who planned to tell Ernie Barrett they aren't really a family at all, but fails, and George's boss, Amanda Holt (Lori Hallier), who when convinced the truth that George is single, and in order to stay in his book business, he has to try to keep the difficult situation covered up from also her.
_	The "New Statesman" took a different view, saying "We must be grateful to the author for his, at times, brilliant insistence on the truth that only by accepting the principles of Jesus can humanity work out its early destiny and establish a just and stable civilisation".
_	And her love for Arsenio has blinded her to the truth that her cousin Ana Belen is his lover.
_	Orozco intended to torture and skin Dexter for information, but instead Dexter effectively stripped him of his control (by revealing the truth that Freebo was long dead), then broke free.
_	The "Ultimatium" at the end of the second volume of "Either/Or" hinted at a future discussion of the religious stage in "The Two Upbuilding Discourses", "Ask yourself and keep on asking until you find the answer, for one may have known something many times, acknowledged it; one may have willed something many times, attempted it-and yet, only the deep inner motion, only the heart’s indescribable emotion, only that will convince you that what you have acknowledged belongs to you, that no power can take it from you-for only the truth that builds up is truth for you."
_	However, in "All for Australia" he criticised the belief that "immigration policy should primarily reflect the truth that all 'races' are equal.
_	The truth about the non-immortality of the soul, while it may seem at odds with the majority of Protestants, it nonetheless represents the truth that immortality is only possible through Christ.
_	Ramsey, too, believes that the central idea rests in the reality of the natural relation that must be paid and the truth that must be faced by the author.
_	But later the heist members know the truth that he was contracted by the governing party to get a box from safe 314 where Soriano kept the data.
_	Bob, faced with the facts, hesitantly realizes the truth that it is love (It's Love).
_	In the New Church, this passage is understood spiritually: the "rock" signifies the truth that Jesus is the Lord, "Peter" signifies faith in the Lord, and the "keys of the kingdom of heaven" signifies the power from faith that allows one to enter heaven.
_	He also took his mother's apparent death by Wolzard the hardest and swore vengeance for it before learning the truth that Wolzard was his father.
_	"I have set myself the task of making known, as far as my limited powers will allow, the truth that the Catholic faith professes, and of setting aside the errors that are opposed to it.
_	Bhuvaneshwari's friend discloses the truth that Maayi gave his dhoti to safeguard her when her dresses were washed away in water sometime back.
_	The almost complete loss of the equipment and that of many of the personnel of 24th Tank Corps also brought home the truth that operating so deep behind enemy lines carried exceptional risks.
_	She encourages him to go to Alcoholics Anonymous, but he forces Cheyenne to tell the truth that the bottle was actually hers.
_	"Mr. President, is it not the truth that not addressing vigorously these problems [i.e., of losing the Liberal Party’s insight into the postwar reconstruction, the country’s peasant plight that is fueling the Huk’s insurgency, and the moral discipline of those who use their position or influence in government to advance their selfish ends, like appointing less qualified men from the opposition party] is to betray and negate fundamentally our duties as public servants?
_	Due to some misunderstandings, Keshav believes that he is going to become a father, and later on realises the truth that Bhagwati is not pregnant and has been eating contraceptives, gets heartbroken.
_	Scott the truth that neither Jack nor Dale is his father, but Scott is touched that his parents wanted him home so bad.
_	Later, after about a month or so, she meets up with Aman and tells him that she still can't forget him, and that she would have loved him if he had revealed the truth that he is Sagar and cries a lot on his shoulder.
_	Atherton told Digital Spy's Kilkelly that Martha begins to uncover the truth that he murdered Texas Longford (Bianca Hendrickse-Spendlove) and Anna.
_	"She was the only one brave enough to face the truth that there is something wrong with your relationship," Krizzy says.
_	At last Aravindan tells the truth that in their young ages, Chandru's deaf and mute brother was unknowingly killed by Aravindan.
_	Bierce has come to Mexico to die in anonymity; he feels that his fifty years as a writer have won him praise only for his style, not for the truth that he's tried to tell.
_	In sentencing him, Judge Brinkema said "I don't think any well-read person can doubt the truth that terrorist camps are a crucial part of the new terrorism that is perpetrated in the world today.
_	Deshwitat soon reunites with everyone and confronts the Bishop, who reveals that he wanted Deshwitat murdered because he could not accept the truth that a being of darkness would be the savior.
_	According to the psalmist and the prophet Isaiah, those who worship inanimate idols will be like them, that is, unseeing, unfeeling, unable to hear the truth that God would communicate to them.
_	Starhawk states in "Spiral Dance", "The naked body represents truth, the truth that goes deeper than social custom" and "is a sign that a Witch's loyalty is to the truth before any ideology or any comforting illusions.'"
_	Equating decapitation with castration, Freud maintained that the terror of Medusa was a reflection of the castration complex aroused in the young boy when the sight of the female genitals brought home the truth that females have no penis.
_	Pr Robert Kayanja's sodomy case witnesses eventually tell the truth that he sodomised them: http://observer.ug/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=20189:witnesses-in-sodomy-case-now-pin-kayanja&catid=34:news&Itemid=114
_	We spend our lives without ever being aware of the truth that is hidden from us", and so through the song "Tell Me Why You Hide The Truth?" meant "We have to liberate freedom and rebuild it by ourselves.
_	In the exhaustion and mental stupor to which they lead, one can no longer understand the ordinary things of life, still less the truth that lies beyond the senses.
_	This established, nationalism must be founded on the truth that Italy is morally and materially a proletarian nation."
_	Her husband Louis is taken captive by Avery, who tortures and kills him, refusing to believe the truth that Corey is alone.
_	However, she claims to only steal the truth that has been hidden and expose it.
_	What is not seen—the truth that has no expounders—is that the wholesome, constructive movement consists in the properly ordered combination and interaction of both these principles.
_	Devendra reveals the truth that the incident for which Baby left him had never really happened.
_	She recounts that she learned the truth that the child had died because medical treatment had been withheld in favor of prayer only.
_	But in these deaths in the context of the play serve to elucidate the truth that death (or 'Time', as the sonnet refers to it) will consume you regardless of your ambitions or future plans; it does not take you into consideration.
_	On this basis, they argue that those who prefer to observe a "secular" feast of the Nativity on and a "religious" one on , err in respect of the truth that there is but one feast of the Nativity each year.
_	On the day of the engagement, Babi learns the truth that Malmal More is going to sell Nakusha off in Dubai and she run aways with her family.
_	At that point, Amala reveals the truth that she is none other than Ayesha (Avika Gor) (actual name is Amala but Arjun thought as Ayesha)- the same girl whom Arjun was supposed to marry but unfortunately on the day of marriage, she met with an accident and died on the spot.
_	The "Complete Peerage" says that he "seems only to have existed for the purpose of giving a melancholy and unneeded illustration of the truth that a man with the finest prospects, may, by the wildest folly and extravagance, as Sir Thomas Browne says, 'foully miscarry in the advantage of humanity, play away an uniterable life, and have lived in vain.'"
_	Lucky is so furious with his parents for hiding the truth that he moves out of their home and begins to crash in various places around Port Charles.
_	They repudiate the truth that something behind their attic door is now awake but must now face brave their greatest fear.
_	However, he soon realizes the truth that the publishers, and even Leah, are not interested in his book, Leah herself not being impressed after reading it.
_	However, Kagenobu counters Sasaki’s attempt to humiliate him by claiming Ishiyama wouldn’t be reprimanding anyone anymore, as would he, leading to Sasaki to face the truth that Kagenobu was now in fact the leader of the school.
_	Joad realises the truth that Will and Tansy should be free to marry.
_	She brings Badi Maa and Alok to Mumbai who help her find out the truth that Abhishek was hitting Sona and apologises her and is back with Ishaan.
_	He advised the city council that "We need to be helping people and sharing with them the truth that is found in Jesus Christ."
_	This established, nationalism must be founded on the truth that Italy is morally and materially a proletarian nation.”
_	mcen210.3 many to bear witness to the truth that he who was slain was the son of
_	Ichigo goes back to the World of Living where he learns the truth that his mother was a Quincy who was on a verge of hollowification until she was saved by Isshin at the cost of his Soul Reaper powers.
_	Later, Santa tells him and his men the truth that they receive presents from Santa when they were young and after they heard Santa the truth, they release him.
_	He wanted to teach the truth that "God willeth all men to be saved."
_	Early on, Jerry is convinced that he is dreaming when he sees his action figures come to life, but once Nicole discovers them, he is ultimately faced with the truth that his toys are special, and that neither his parents nor his friends can find out about them.
_	Janani also finds out the truth that Sathyamurthy was behind Aravind helping him secure scholarship.
_	She slaps him when he comes and says to her that he is finding here from 1 week and reveals the truth that someone said her that he saw Kashi in hospital.
_	Nisha's father too realizes the truth that the story Prabha had said was a lie, and tries to kill him.
_	One day Snehaltha confesses to him that she didn't show him because it has the truth that Rathnavadi Devi hadn't committed suicide but murdered.
_	He confronts her with the truth that her real motive was to get money from Mavis Weld, who is her sister, and that it was she who told Steelgrave where to find Orrin in exchange for $1000.
_	Milton Horn (September 1, 1906 – March 29, 1995) was a Russian American sculptor and artist known for work that, according to a 1957 citation of honor from the American Institute of Architects, demonstrated "the truth that architecture and sculpture are not two separate arts but, in the hands of sympathetic collaborators, one and the same".
_	In early January the economist Paul Krugman endorsed the idea and asserted that opposition to the idea was coming from people unwilling to admit the truth that "money is a social contrivance."
_	On her birthday, Ayaan visits her, and at the same time Siddharth also visits her, reveals her the truth that he is an Interpol officer and has been cheating her and take leave.
_	Lee the truth that Nick hid from her, admitting she was suicidal and needy for cash, so in desperation, she made a deal to hand over the care of her baby to Nick, both for money and also to prevent children’s aid from taking her baby.
_	Sorenson leaves clues about the true nature of the preserve, in hopes that Kendra and Seth will discover the truth that it is a preserve for magical creatures.
_	Greenpeace has continued to criticize the big oil company for their "green wash," arguing that Statoil hid the truth that it is doing the risky oil drilling by holding "Lego League" with Lego and distracting people's attention to the company's project, and it also argues that Statoil has to alter its attitude toward environments (Norway's News in English 2014).
_	One day Vijay comes to know the truth that Naga Raja Varma's younger brother Krishna Raja Varma (Krishnam Raju) is Malini's husband who was killed by Naga Raja Varma and Vijay's father Satyam (Murali Mohan) is trapped in the case and Lata is Malini's daughter and rest of the story goes on how Vijay defeats Naga Raja Varma in the climax.
_	On the way out however, Arnett's receptionist inadvertently gives away the truth that Reilly was in fact hired.
_	"What is the supreme good of humanity?"; and "What is the truth that gives meaning and value to human life?"
_	When Vamsi, in the guise of a telephone department inspector, pursues Geetha and falls in love with her, she reciprocates his love interest initially but refuses him after she gets to know the truth that he is a cop and is about to drag her father to prison.
_	Benoit just wants to go to the police and tell them the truth that it was just an accident.
_	He counsels Yu Yang to accept the truth that Jiayi is gone, and points out that it is unrealistic for him to let his feelings die off.
_	Neil tells him the truth that he made a mistake handing Tom and his mom over to Vengerov and he tried to take them back.
_	Annoyed at Akil's denial, Priya's father spells out the truth that Akil was an orphan.
_	The King (Rajanala) arrives to conduct interrogation and Bhavaji says the truth that God himself has given to him.
_	As Wu Xin gradually regenerated into his human form, Gu Xuan Wu meets his ex lover Xiao Chun Zi and while he was about to have an affair with her, Wu Xin quickly appeared and assaulted the girl, eventually unmasked the truth that the girl was just an imitation made by Yue Qi Luo's paper dolls as an attempt to kill Gu Xuan Wu, where by the real Xiao Chun Zi has long been killed by the young witch.
_	But when beaten severely by Bhagavathar's sons, he spells out the truth that he is a drama actor and has arrived for money.
_	On questioning, Meera accepts the truth that she is the daughter of Varma and had escaped from a mental hospital along with Syriac John.
_	But Venu cancels the wedding saying that he is not interested in marrying Vidhya thereby hiding the truth that Vidhya has eloped with someone.
_	He severely assaults Maninder's henchman and athlete who tells Rocky the truth that Preet did not commit suicide but was murdered on Maninder's orders and so Rocky kills the henchman and athlete in the same way his best friend died.
_	Smith was harshly critical of the mercantilists but described the physiocratic system "with all its imperfections" as "perhaps the purest approximation to the truth that has yet been published" on the subject.
_	Pillai knows the truth that Shruthi bears his sons child.
_	In his 1987 autobiography "A Way of Hope", Wałęsa said, "It is also the truth that I had not left that clash completely pure.
_	Deriving his ideas from Nietzsche’s work, Heidegger theorized that the abandonment of being is the cause of “the distress of lack of distress,” under the belief that a person’s distress is the opening of the mind to the truth of existence, especially the truth that one’s existence is meaningless.
_	Worried Powell might find out the truth that Carlton, Richards and Burns used the investors money to play the stock market, Carlton commits suicide by shooting himself after recording a confession on his Dictaphone.
_	Eventually the truth comes out, Finally, all of them know the truth that Kishtaiah is none other than their nephew Ravi.
_	Later in the novel, María Clara discovers the truth that Dámaso is her biological father.
_	He tells his daughter, Emily Ann Sago, that he is her natural father, devastating her with the truth that she was the product of rape.
_	The Crimson Men had told him the truth that Arthur Light is dead.
_	Your desire to realise the truth that you are Brahman is also a hallucination in that case -- for the scripture says, "You are already that."
_	Viraj tells her the truth that he was planning to abduct Suraj to take revenge on Kotak family but Suraj’s innocence made him change his mind.
_	Belief in the existence of this supposed land of plenty persisted well into the 18th century; explorers were reluctant to accept the truth that slowly emerged, of a cold, harsh environment in the lands of the Southern Ocean.
_	Anand has a cheerful nature and despite knowing the truth that he is not going to survive for more than six months, he maintains a nonchalant demeanour and always tries to make everyone happy around him.
_	One day she follows him to his home and then comes to know of the truth that Mangesh works in an incense stick factory at night.
_	He unearths the truth that his mother is a madwoman living in a cave and his father was killed by Viking raiders.
_	The ultimate purpose behind these dreams is to give the devout Muslim a deeper insight into the truth that is not available in waking reality.
_	The "Euro-gentile" establishment attempted "a deliberate scheme to conceal the truth that ancient Hebrews were Black" and "perpetuated the white Jesus deception".
_	Kathiravan realizes his mistake and finds out the truth that his sister's future mother-in-law demands them to bear the marriage expenses which will cost around 10 lakhs totally.
_	According to Jacobs, the male narrator represents the public world, and the framed structure serves several functions that are strongly gender-related: it illustrates the process of going behind the official version of reality in order to approach the truth that the culture prefers to deny; it exemplifies the ways in which domestic reality is obscured by layers of conventional ideology; and it replicates the cultural split between male and female spheres that is shown to be one of the sources of the tragedy in the novel.
_	This movie unlike the rest, highlight the importance of relationship between each other and upholds the truth that love is more powerful than money, and prestige.
_	With this, his mother (Chyrlanee Magsipoc a.k.a. "Magsi") is forced to tell him the truth that he is Mang Kepweng's son.
_	Samir meets Chandrakanta's daughter Ria and wife Manju, Ria and Samir gradually fall in love but Samir feels uncomfortable whenever he thinks that when everybody will come to know the truth that he is not Manik then what will happen.
_	Javier finally surrenders as Lora and his whole family tells the truth that Lora is in fact his mother not Alondra and decides to sacrifice himself to be with his family despite the consequences.
_	Reason allows us to investigate the truth that is symbolized.
_	Shaw said he wrote the play "to draw attention to the truth that prostitution is caused, not by female depravity and male licentiousness, but simply by underpaying, undervaluing and overworking women so shamefully that the poorest of them are forced to resort to prostitution to keep body and soul together."
_	Vertov's cinematic form was a direct response to the truth that he found in journalism and its representations of everyday life.
_	The King arrives to conduct interrogation and Bhavaji says the truth that God himself has given to him.
_	As Dax is able to see through this glamour and uncover the truth that Wood is attempting to kill a nosy reporter, Wood tries to get rid of Dax by shooting him and dropping his body down a mine shaft of 150 fathoms.
_	The energetic Minister of Housing Richard Crossman accepted the truth that the provision rate was too slow and instructed authorities to exercise their compulsory purchase powers and construct large overspill estates.
_	However, when Ahmadi uncovers the truth that Jane is really a double agent for the British government, he attempts to go through with the sabotage.
_	It defines Satya as "the speaking of the truth that conduces to the well being of creatures, through the actions of one's mind, speech or body."
_	After their prayers, Thiruchelvan brings Amudha to Marina Beach and reveals the truth that she was adopted from a refugee camp in Rameswaram and is not their biological daughter.
_	Sebastian actually tried to stop the awakening but was to insane after learning the truth that he could not tell.
_	In fact, he calls into question its validity: the characters are trying to find the truth that is disguised by appearance, and the action – especially Carwin's ventriloquism – shows how difficult it is to find truth simply through sensory evidence.
_	She develops hatred for him and before her and Krishna, police beat Madhu black and blue which manages to change Krishna's mindset and reveal the truth that he is already married to Bhavani.
_	He said, "[I] can say and tell the truth that no Choctaw ever drew his bow against the United States ...
_	Törnqvist wrote that Elisabet is struck by the truth that the monk is a true rebel, while her rebellion is a cowardly retreat behind a "persona" of muteness.
_	Even if you were working for traditional media, you didn’t have the opportunity to offer your perspective, to tell the unvarnished version of the truth that you see every day...it really hearkens back to the tradition of the black press."
_	While investigating Chloe's death with Clark Kent (Tom Welling) in "Gone", the pair uncover the truth that Chloe is still alive, but in witness protection until Lionel Luthor's trial, the man she is testifying against with evidence that he orchestrated the death of his own parents.
_	He was the centre of a national political scandal when he lied to the House of Commons, hiding the truth that whilst serving as war minister he was having an affair with Christine Keeler, a teenaged call-girl who was simultaneously having an affair with a Russian naval attache which raised serious national security issues.
_	She gradually falls in love with him as she gets to know him, though she has to face the truth that Ren is already in a committed relationship with Mayuka Korenaga, a model and the older sister of her friend Daiki, whose love confession Ninako rejects and whose subsequent up-and-down relationship with Ninako's best friend Sayuri Uehara becomes the series' secondary plot.
_	So let us each recognise the truth that our first business is to change ourselves, and then we shall know how to change our circumstances."
_	With Lucy back to normal and Henry and Jacinda together again, it appears that the doctor who ran the test and discovered the truth that Henry is Lucy's birth father is poisoned before she could tell him by a mysterious person who also takes the papers so Henry will never find out, and then takes a lock of hair from the doctor.
_	Learning the truth that he is here indefinitely without the ability to leave or communicate with anyone, and subject to the staff's complete control, he attempts flight but is stopped by a security guard and confined.
_	Meanwhile, Kumar informs the truth that Vetri is not yet married and he just lied so that Kokila will forget him and make her mind for marrying someone else.
_	On July 11–12, Georgie appears to Maxie again after Maxie avoids telling Lulu the truth that the baby she is carrying is actually hers.
_	Grace tells the truth that she is BJ's biological mother and kept the two a secret.
_	A storyline in the Morrison-era JLA comics by Joe Kelly depicted the lasso as an archetypal manifestation of universal truth, and, once broken (like when Wonder Woman doubted the truth that it was revealing to her because she didn't like it), disrupted the underlying truth of reality itself.
_	Magayon is Sinukuan who is trying to tell her daughter the truth that she and Magayon have switched bodies.
_	Sinukuan is Magayon is Sinukuan has been telling Kabanwas the truth that she is Sinukuan by switching bodies with Magayon that Kabanwas didn't believe her until Amang Suga finds out that Magayon is inside Sinukuan & Sinukuan is inside Magayon's body that they switch bodies by the book of prophecy that Salaminsim & Kulas have been telling the truth according to Mars' precognition ability that he drew...
_	The paintings of Viazzi portray the truth of the environment: what first impresses the observer: is the truth that most stubbornly look for in the abstruse, in the baroque, and almost despise them for failing to remain modest and simple: the truth of which you can overcome without studying the great and true mastery that is nature: ...
_	Tired of running, Dirk announces that night that he is going to Omaxin in an attempt to break through the labyrinth and discover the truth that sent Neris Veran into madness.
_	The final two stanzas shift radically in tone and content, turning to the truth that the poet can tell, "We must love one another or die," and to the presence in the world of "the Just" who exchange messages of hope.
_	In the episode, Weaver takes matters into his own hands when his Dagger is stolen, while Margot and Tilly go on their first date, and Henry is conflicted over the truth that he could be Lucy's father.
_	Cheryl comes off as conspiratorial and Lawrence believes she is pretending and obsessing about the case—he believes she is telling the truth that she saw something, but does not think what she saw was reality.
_	In the two-part episode "The Manhattan Project", Leo tells Karai the truth that Splinter is her biological father, but she dismisses it as a lie.
_	Bank unwraps the last present and a letter given to him, but was left in tears when he learnt that his brother had died of a brain tumor (a condition that was discovered after the duo had the car accident), and the truth that Golf has donated one of the kidneys to Bank, telling him his love to his younger brother, leaving Bank even more distraught.
_	Baltar learns the truth that the book has been leaked and asks Tyrol what he thinks about it.
_	Ilango's parents come to know the truth that he and Mano are not married.
_	And although she was terrified of dying (since she wasn't wearing the Turbo suit at the time); Mickey was also angered by the facts that Julie revealed the truth that she wasn't a registered hero and that Chris refused to remove the Darkhawk amulet from himself.
_	His work seeks to reveal such manipulations and the truth that they obscure.
_	After egos and differences crop up between them, Driver Santhanam blurts out the truth that the four children are the orphans adopted by him.
_	"He was broken, he was screaming, he was crying, he was praying, I saw the truth that morning", he said.
_	When they arrive at Winterfell in the season finale, Sam reveals the information to Bran, allowing the latter to piece together the truth that Jon Snow (the son of Rhaegar and Lyanna) is not a bastard, but a legitimate heir to the Iron Throne.
_	What is the truth that awaits Sulakshana?
_	One such deduction is that his philosophy essentially was based on "truth" and "non-violence" in the sense that first, we should acknowledge the truth that people are different at all levels and accept it.
_	It wasn't long until both couples learned the truth that there was a switch in the petri dishes.
_	She tries to talk to Prem, who then knows the truth that Heerachand changed his letter.
_	Chuck then reveals the truth that Vivian's father Alexei Volkoff was Agent X. Riley twists the information to further manipulate and shape Vivian, only to be shot and killed by Sarah.
_	Camael tries desperately to reveal the truth that Aaron is a part of the Creator's divine plan, but Mazarin refuses to listen and cuts Camael's wings off as punishment.
_	Rayford becomes the scapegoat, since he is an easier person to blame than giving the truth that someone on the platform murdered Carpathia.
_	Abe came over to her house to finally tell her the truth that he is in love with her, Joan has moved on and begins a relationship with JFK.
_	It is only after Saul reveals the truth that Nora apologizes to Sarah.
_	Raja who doesn't know that Malhotra is his father, goes to his house where Geeta also comes out from the paralysis by Raja's touch and he comes to know the truth that they are his parents.
_	Asht gains upper hand and tries to kill Varya, Shunya interviens and saves Varya but she dies revealing the truth that she is Asht's daughter.
_	After the explosion, Evan asks DCI Gene Hunt and DI Drake (i.e. adult Alex) for their help in gaining custody of his god-daughter, young Alex Price, as she has no close blood relatives; and that young Alex never be told the truth that her father killed her mother and himself and tried to kill her.
_	In 2008, McGuire teamed up with former member of the Byrds, John York, for a live tour called "Trippin' the '60s", which McGuire describes as "taking the songs and the truth that was in those songs from the 1960s and bringing them into the present moment...
_	When they find out that her younger sister is chosen to take her place as the secret bride they join forces to expose the truth that lies hidden in a town in Utah.
_	There arises a clash between Ajay and Vijay, which calms down after they know the truth that real culprit was Sohan Lal, who killed Vijay's parents by wearing a mask of Jagannath.
_	P.Sampath, president of the Tamil Nadu Untouchability Eradication Front (TNUEF) and an office-bearer politician from the Tamil Nadu unit of Communist Party of India (Marxist) (known as CPI (M)), calls the Chidambaram fire-trail as Brahmin propaganda to conceal the truth that Nandanar was burnt at the stake.
_	The ultimate truth in Madhyamaka is the truth that everything is empty (Sunyata), that which is an underlying unchanging essence.
_	Did the truth that they found help them?
_	The sound of the Gion Shōja bells echoes the impermanence of all things; the color of the sāla flowers reveals the truth that the prosperous must decline.
_	The ultimate truth to Nāgārjuna is the truth that everything is empty of essence, this includes emptiness itself ('the emptiness of emptiness').
_	Foucault locates the very beginning of this act of obedience to power structures and the truth that they bring to the first Christian institutions between the 2nd century and the 5th century C.E.
_	Nancharamma reveals the truth that Prabhakar is her son and Gopal is Tirumala Rao’s son.
_	He reveals the truth that the Morty from her reality is dead, and that he is not, in fact, her brother, but a brother from another reality.
_	Given that the English economy of the day yielded an income distribution that stood in contrast to that which existed in France, Smith concluded that the teachings and beliefs of Physiocrats were, "with all [their] imperfections [perhaps], the nearest approximation to the truth that has yet been published upon the subject of political economy".
_	Abhisheka tells the truth that Lara kidnap her and hid in their place.
_	He decides that she has indeed become a new person and it would be unfair to bring her more sorrow by revealing the truth that she is his wife.
_	Belle to tell Aden the truth that she is dying, she resolves to tell Aden the truth after the wedding.
_	Grandpa leaves clues about the true nature of the preserve, in hopes that Kendra and Seth will discover the truth that it is a preserve for magical creatures.
_	Despite the truth that every human on this planet needs drinking water to survive and that water may contain many harmful constituents, there are no universally recognized and accepted international standards for drinking water.
_	At last, Priyadarshini also comes to know the truth that Mantra Siddha is her father.
_	A lawyer representing the group alleged that Turnberry lied to buyers about being unable to obtain construction financing for Krystle Sands as part of an attempt to build the Fontainebleau resort on the property: "They had to figure a way to lie to buyers and not tell the truth that they're going to jettison the project to build Fountainbleu [sic]."
_	As the contract is about to terminate, Isha somehow manages to find out the truth that she has been cheated by her father, Tanmay, Ali and most of all Arush.
_	The elder to the elect lady and her children, whom I love in the truth, and not only I but also all who know the truth, because of the truth that abides in us and will be with us for ever:
_	She witnesses the death of Tomas and finds Javier aiming at Alexander and finally tells him the truth that she is in fact his mother.
_	We're putting out the truth that no one else wants to say.
_	She wound up getting a footprint of the child and compared it to one she had saved and learned the truth that he was indeed her son.
_	Her work transforms beliefs while simultaneously rooting you in the truth that magic is afoot.
_	Kumaran also falls in love with her and Shanthi's father and mother on knowing the truth that he is single give consent and decide to get them married.
_	The final episode comes to a dramatic climax as Debbie finds out the truth that Polly isn't her real sister and runs off to find Josh; Polly later appears to commit suicide by overdosing; and Josh and Adam get together briefly, but when Adam kisses another man at the nightclub, Josh runs off distraught.
_	This brings to light the scriptural fact that the governments of the nations are puppets in the hands of this beast, consistent with the truth that the whole world system is under the dragon, the god of this world.
_	However, Hamm realizes the truth that Buzz is alive.
_	It disregards the truth that with these powers God provides physiological means for exercising them in a joint and common act."
_	But finally Unni gets back his memory only to let out the truth that he is not Unni but Vishnu, the son of a Bangalore don (Thiagarajan).
_	Then, Kunal learns the truth that Shamoli had married him only to save her little sister's life and that she used to love Veeru.
_	He credited Miguel for "laying out the truth that, as Norman Mailer put it in one of the few useful sex tips in his orgasm-mad canon, 'the man as lover is dependent upon the bounty of the woman.'
_	Geoffrey Kirk and John Raven, English compilers of the fragments of the Pre-Socratics, assert that Aristotle's "judgments are often distorted by his view of earlier philosophy as a stumbling progress toward the truth that Aristotle himself revealed in his physical doctrines."
_	In "Much Ado About Nothing", Act III scene 2, when asked by his companions why he is feeling sad, a character replies that he has toothache so as not to admit the truth that he is in love.
_	The 4 friends then take an oath to live a bachelor's life and not reveal the truth that they are married.
_	He soon discovers the truth that Margot's father faked his daughter's death.
_	He tells Sachin the truth that Sushmas father is dying of some bone marrow disease and his last wish is to see his daughter married to the guy whom he has selected.
_	Some Argentine political publicists argue that articles 2 and 3 of the treaty were ambiguous, but they have to admit the truth that the later Argentine interpretations were refused by the international tribunal, that Argentine maps of the first decade also applied the Chilean interpretation and the two papal proposals as well as the treaty of 1984 maintained the Chilean interpretation of the treaty, at least in so far as the land border line.
_	She and Colum tell everyone that her husband died rather than tell the truth that she was divorced.
_	He has come into touch with the grimmest of realities; and while his radical faults have not been cured, his rude lines drive home the truth that he has seen."
_	After a lot of turns and twists, Seeta finally reveals the truth that Bhairon Singh raped Ganga and he has stolen all the wealth from her house with the help of Thakurain.
_	He was among the first to surrender to the authorities when Monet's amnesty was announced, and he told the truth that he was an officer of the revolutionary army, whereupon he was immediately imprisoned and tied from behind.
_	He also finds the truth that the child is his own daughter.
_	In their place I want to extend love, hope, tenderness, joy and the truth that gay people are loved by God.
