_	Their donation letter articulated the wish that "even our grandchildren, when they look at the features of this painting, let them feel the most noble emotions!
_	When the committee inscribed the site, it expressed the wish that the protected area include the entire town within the Arab walls, as well as the southwestern extramural quarter between Bastan-al-Khan, the Roman site and the Mameluk mosque of Ras-al-Ain. Lebanon's representative gave assurances that the committee's wish would be honoured.
_	When I began to write, it was with the wish that I might save a little of the charm and flavour of those times and places for the children of today.
_	François Bournand, in his "Les Juifs et nos Contemporains" (1896), reproduced the soliloquy at the end of the chapter, in which the character Levit expresses as factual the wish that Jews be "kings of the world in 100 years" —crediting a "Chief Rabbi John Readcliff."
_	On his deathbed the previous tsesarevich was said to have expressed the wish that his fiancée, Princess Dagmar of Denmark, should marry his successor.
_	During his lifetime he never published his lectures on Scots private law, and indeed expressed the wish that they should not be published posthumously.
_	Because of the wish that Geezel made, Etheah is in love with Geezel and is teaching him magic.
_	Rossiter's parents described their six-year battle for justice as "gruelling" but expressed the wish that their son's death had not been in vain and welcomed the recommendations made by the jury regarding improvements in health and safety, in cases where young people are detained.
_	After a discussion on the contextual mutability of slides, Türk concludes the section on slides with the wish that composers would notate slides in regular rhythms so as to remove doubt as to their correct execution.
_	By a decree of 21 January 2009 (Protocol Number 126/2009), issued in response to a request that Fellay made on behalf of all four bishops whom Lefebvre had consecrated, the Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops, by the power expressly granted to him by Pope Benedict XVI, remitted the automatic excommunication that they had thereby incurred, and expressed the wish that this would be followed speedily by full communion of the whole of the Society of Saint Pius X with the Church, thus bearing witness, by the proof of visible unity, to true loyalty and true recognition of the Pope's Magisterium and authority.
_	Despite the wish that it went to his natural daughter, one of the reasons why he accepted it, his title passed on to the descendants of his brother Alexandre José da Silva de Almeida Garrett (7 August 1797 – 24 October 1847), fidalgo of the Royal Household, who was a partisan of King Miguel I of Portugal for all his life, and wife (m. 16 June 1822) Angélica Isabel Cardoso Guimarães (2 February 1803 –).
_	By the date of Kovalev's formal introduction press conference on July 21, Heatley had not yet been traded and Kovalev expressed the wish that Heatley would return.
_	The two explore a jungle, finding various animals that all have children; King Bertie expresses the wish that he and King Lee have a child of their own.
_	By combining these wishes with the Kami's red blood, a machine known as "Spider's Thread" will guarantee any wish—the magi hope the wish that will be fulfilled is to return the world to how it was before the war.
_	He concluded his speech with the wish that "for the peaceful well-being of all humanity, this empire (China) must break apart".
_	Petersen accepted the apology as sincere, and expressed the wish that Blount would be able to go on playing football, and that many parties would learn from the experience.
_	According to a letter written by Joshua's Father, on the day he arrived at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington, D.C., Sparling received a letter from the Red Cross that turned out to be anonymous hate mail expressing the wish that the soldier reading the card would die.
_	He expressed the wish that Renaud would enter the church.
_	Gavito expressed in his will the wish that the act should be delivered to the president.
_	In this donation Rodrigo expressed the wish that his gift would purchase eternal life for his lord, Alfonso VII.
_	In the "Dialogo", Galilei condemns polyphony, praises monody, and expresses the wish that the musical practice of the ancient Greeks would be restored; corrupt and incomprehensible contemporary music would be replaced with an idealized version of the supposed music of the ancient time.
_	When confined to bed, Isabella expressed to her mother the wish that she establish an institution to ensure these women refuge and protection.
_	In her capacity as laureate she expressed the wish that "every child in the country would have access to a [...]
_	May 21, 2010 deputy head of the Administration of Ukraine Hanna Herman stated the wish that Ukraine's most popular political talks shows would be anchored only by Ukrainian journalists, "We are still victims to that imperial complex that 'everything coming from Moscow is good, everything Ukrainian is bad'".
_	Wild privately expressed the wish that Marshall would "fall down a crevasse about a thousand feet deep".
_	Michael Slezak of "TVLine" expressed the wish that the extras in the scene in the skateboard park "had actually gotten a chance to, um, speak like real humans, not just like props for a kicky musical number".
_	Slezak expressed the wish that Puck would get to do "a mashup or an interesting arrangement", and gave the song a "C+", while Futterman said the song was "a strain on his voice" and the presentation "another cookie-cutter classroom setting".
_	The park was purchased and placed into a trust and was formally presented to the people of Leicestershire on 29 December 1928, with the wish that it should be retained in perpetuity in its natural condition.
_	Spring made his last will on 8 June 1544 as 'John Spring of Hitcham, esquire', leaving bequests to his wife, Dorothy, his father-in-law, Sir William Waldegrave of Smallbridge in Bures St Mary, and mother-in-law, Margery (née Wentworth) Waldegrave, his son and heir, William, his son-in-law, Edmund Wright, and his unmarried daughter, Bridget, and expressing the wish that Sir William Drury should 'have the marriage of my son [William] before any other'.
_	On 5 February 1578, the archdeacon of Loreto, Giulio Candiotti, sent to Pope Gregory XIII the "New praises or litanies of the most holy Virgin, drawn from Sacred Scripture", with Porta's music, expressing the wish that His Holiness would cause it to be sung in St. Peter's and in other churches as was the custom at Loreto.
_	Around 1935, the students expressed the wish that the College would provide them with larger playing fields than those then in use at Winchmore Hill, as these were no longer adequate to meet the needs of the large number of students at the College.
_	Abraham Lincoln at one point publicly expressed the wish that "every one of them [the gold speculators] had his devilish head shot off."
_	For example, a carpet with an olacha (mixed colors) pattern "kulf-kalit" meant that the door of the house is always open for the friends and closed for the enemies and pattern "kurokgul" symbolize the wish that two young people were together till their old age.
_	He expresses the wish that the guard simply burst, and to everyone's surprise, the man does so.
_	In Carmen XXVI is the line, "Et "Nemias Greco" infundat sua poculo Baccho", expressing the wish that Nemias should fill Alcuin's cup with Greek wine.
_	The governor ended the letter saying, "I am closing with the wish that every NFL franchise except for the Eagles and the Steelers lose large quantities of money".
_	In the testament was an entry who expressed the wish that the Duchy was not divided for 20 years.
_	While Labuda supported the need for the facility, she expressed the wish that the county had discussed it with residents before choosing the site.
_	Afghans had travelled from across the country to Mazar-i-Sharif united behind the wish that the advent of a new year would bring them peace.
_	A tablet in the floor by the throne expresses the wish that the statue will "keep for ever alive the memory" of Lord William Cecil.
_	The widow, out of love for the son and the wish that the son would continue, promised Bret £6 13s 4d for the tabling of the son for the rest of the three years, and £8 a year for each year after.
_	She expressed the wish that others whom she loved would prepare while in health for the trying hour of death.
_	–That was the wish that he would wish.
_	In the early years of the 20th century, the Paraguayan Government expressed the wish that all his works, were reunited within an institution, thereby laying the foundations for the current National Museum of Fine Arts.
_	On January 26, 1954, an ESO declaration was signed by astronomers from six European countries expressing the wish that a joint European observatory be established in the southern hemisphere.
_	The Ottoman delegation expressed the wish that ‘Transcaucasia should proclaim its independence and announce its form of government before the negotiations then under way were completed.'
_	love is the wish that all beings be happy, and compassion is the wish that all beings be free from suffering.
_	According to Cloquet, the ring was given with the wish that it be descended to successive generations of the Marquis' family.
_	The only allusions to Anglo-Irish animosity occur after the happy couple is married and a congratulatory toast expresses the wish that they live in "national freedom" (the term national has been censored from most editions) and before the final donnybrook when Thornton demands his wife's dowry from Danaher.
_	One Islamist immigrant to the United States he quotes expresses the wish that the U.S. would turn "away from its past evil and marching forward under the banner of Allahu Akbar [God is great]."
_	The hermit, who had tucked it in the tuft of his hair safely, in turn gave the strand to the king, with the wish that the hair be enshrined in a boulder shaped like the hermit's head.
_	While still unsure of his sexuality, Tippett had considered marriage with Francesca Allinson, who had expressed the wish that they should have children together.
_	In his will, Hastings expressed the wish that Trussell's wardship be purchased by Hastings' brother-in-law, Sir John Donne:
_	The legend suggests that O'Nell was sent to fetch water from a well, when her mistress cast a spell on her, causing her to slip and die, or had expressed the wish that she fall.
_	Norwegian, Swedish, Finnish and Japanese skating leaders protested to the USOC, condemning the manner of competition, and expressing the wish that mass start races were never to be held again at the Olympics.
_	Indeed, the last words that Pierce addresses to the Devil in his supplication express the wish that certain souls will be accepted into Hell, and thus will "not let our air be contaminated with their sixpenny damnation any longer".
_	One their children expressed the wish that when his sister Carmen Ramírez Rivera of Botero died, the image become property of the parish.
_	In his "Silvae" V iii 285–290, a lament for his dead father, the poet Publius Papinius Statius, expresses the wish that his father may come to him from the abode of the dead in the form of a true dream, passing therefore through the gate of horn:
_	As his only reward, Mamurius expressed the wish that his name be sung in the last of their "carmina".
_	As the number of cottages was growing, the owners expressed the wish that all tents and cottages be placed on the outer side of the grounds and that the grove be preserved intact.
_	Appleton donated the flag with the wish that it would always be on view to the public.
_	In his will he wrote his epitaph, containing merely biographical data, and expressed the wish that no sermon should be preached at his funeral and no eulogy published in the papers.
_	Liddy wrote in his autobiography that he heard that Donaldson worked for "The Washington Post", suspected him of being in prison "to try to steal a march[("?")]" on Woodward and Bernstein by getting a first hand story", and expressed the wish that he be transferred elsewhere.
_	Hans fears the arrival of more babies as this will further reduce the attention he receives from his mother, and expresses the wish that his baby sister should die.
_	Lewis recalled that he and Barton attended the headmaster's funeral and shared the wish that they would never meet him again in any future life.
_	The Psammead undoes the wish and Rosalind wishes that part of the wish that Alice and David never see anything magical but her main wish is to meet the children from "Five Children and It".
_	In response to a direct question from Altobelli, Manson explained that he had been directed to the guest house by the persons in the main house; Altobelli expressed the wish that Manson not disturb his tenants.
_	When told, the Queen continued to express the wish that her husband's position be raised, but rejected the British Cabinet's recommendations of "Prince Consort" or "Prince Royal".
_	Furthermore, the council expressed the wish that this should be 'printed in the most correct manner possible'; although this fell short of a full commission to create a standard text of the Vulgate out of the countless editions produced during the Renaissance.
_	By a decree of 21 January 2009 (protocol number 126/2009), which was issued in response to a renewed request that Bishop Fellay made on behalf of all four bishops whom Lefebvre had consecrated on 30 June 1988, the prefect of the Congregation for bishops, by the power expressly granted to him by pope Benedict XVI, remitted the automatic excommunication that they had thereby incurred, and expressed the wish that this would be followed speedily by full communion of the whole of the Society of saint Pius X with the Church, thus bearing witness, by the proof of visible unity, to true loyalty and true recognition of the pope's magisterium and authority.
_	In her speech, she expressed the wish that the statue would be returned to Flensburg.
_	They are for Ellen from her mother and express the wish that Ellen go live with relatives in Scotland; after sharing the letters with Mr. Humphreys, Ellen decides she must honor her parents' wishes so the Humphreys send her to Scotland to live with the Lindsays: her grandmother and uncle Lindsay and Lady Keith.
_	He begins by complaining that "The Press has made such a laughing-stock of the Loch Ness Monster... that no scientific commission has ever dared tackle the problem" and ends with the wish that any new species are not merely slaughtered for trophies:
_	Today, in some provinces of the Anglican Communion, the "Anglican liturgy does not involve an explicit exorcism or rejection of evil, but does including a signing with the cross and the wish that baptism delivers one from "the powers of darkness."
_	In the biography he wrote, Serge Nicolas formulates the wish that his writing be recovered and made public.
_	We work to develop the capacity for wishing love, that is to say, the wish that all living beings be happy.
_	The Lojong practices then offer skillful means to develop our compassion, the wish that all living beings without exception be free from suffering and its causes.
_	"Total Sci-Fi Online" rated the episode 7/10, and expressed the wish that "Safe" could have been used as the series' pilot.
_	Upon the arrival of a vengeance demon named "Anya", Cordelia makes the wish that Buffy had never arrived in Sunnydale, creating an alternate reality in which vampires rule the city.
_	Should they cease to do so, they expressed the wish that the house be used "for promoting friendship and understanding between the peoples of the United States and Canada and the other dominions."
_	Bethea purchased land for $3,500 and gave it to the City of Dixon for the establishment of a hospital in the memory of his wife, Katherine Shaw Bethea, who in her short lifetime had been deeply interested in the establishment of a hospital for Dixon, and during her last illness frequently expressed the wish that such work might be accomplished in the near future.
_	He expresses the wish that he may receive the recognition of his services by promotion before he dies for the gratification of his family and friends."
_	In a letter to Hansteen he proposed the equation "x" − 2"x" + 3"x" − 4"x" + 5 = 0. He ended the letter with the wish that
_	2007 French presidential contender Ségolène Royal expressed the wish that Gouges' remains be moved to the Panthéon.
_	Primitivo ends with the wish that the literary critics will get as much pleasure out of it as he has himself when reading it during hours of sharp pain and gloomy moments of sickness "[“¡Quiera Dios que la censura de los maestros corre parejas con el gusto con que yo la he leído, en horas de amargo dolor y en ratos de tenebrosa dolencia!”]."
_	Its purpose was to state the wish that 'peace is prepared in time of peace' and to awaken this awareness in public opinion.
_	Historically speaking, non-partible inheritance has been associated with monarchies, and the wish that landed estates be kept together as units.
_	Where the voice of Millions join in the wish that our present chief Magistrate may long fill the exalted station, which he has so much dignified, the single expression of an Individual conforming to that Wish, cannot be deemed intrusive."
_	After they responded that they did, the priest expressed the wish that next year they would not see him.
_	Haydn's music was well known in England well before the composer traveled there, and members of the British musical public had long expressed the wish that Haydn would visit.
_	In 1990, Dr. Alden Thompson, of Walla Walla College's Department of Theology, noted this practice of avoiding the direct naming of individuals and expressed the wish that the church could be more open and still respect those who differ:
_	In the run-up to the 2008 Ball, Gery Keszler voiced the wish that guests try to be less provocative and more creative.
_	In the preface to the first volume, the editors expressed the wish that the work would be an interesting read for the general user as well as "a summary of ascertained facts, with indications (not discussions) of disputed points".
_	He was the hosting bishop of the first Ecumenical Church Conference in Berlin in 2003, and during his meeting with Pope Benedict XVI in Cologne in 2005 Huber expressed the wish that ecumenical relations may develop to a phase of “profiled ecumenism”.
_	By a decree of 21 January 2009 (Protocol Number 126/2009), which was issued in response to a renewed request dated 15 December 2008 that Bishop Fellay made on behalf of all four bishops whom Lefebvre had consecrated on 30 June 1988, the Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops, by the power expressly granted to him by Pope Benedict XVI, remitted the automatic excommunication that they had thereby incurred, and expressed the wish that this would be followed speedily by full communion of the whole of the Society of Saint Pius X with the Church, thus bearing witness, by the proof of visible unity, to true loyalty and true recognition of the Pope's Magisterium and authority.
_	He expressed the wish that, in the event of the British returning to the islands, the British Government would take his settlement under their protection; Parish duly passed this wish on to London.
_	However, he expressed the wish that Whyte had devoted more space to Carl Gustav Jung.
_	Her humiliated father Leonato expresses the wish that she would die.
_	During the Scopes Trial in 1925, William Jennings Bryan expressed the wish that a school might be established in Dayton, "to teach truth from a Biblical perspective".
_	Second, the term expresses the wish that all foreigners and migrant people encountered by these institutions may be accepted and particularly not be exposed to discrimination.
_	The coroner expressed the wish that, as a result of the tragedy, regulations concerning licences would be much more strictly enforced.
_	It expressed the wish that, where the permanent diaconate (ordination as deacons of men who are not intended afterwards to become priests) had fallen into disuse, it should be restored (n. 17).
_	In his report he expressed the wish that "thus we can hopefully achieve that Berlin will turn away from them completely and we will benefit if Berlin decides to solve Czechoslovak issue definitely".
_	Two rivers, represents the wish that the Amu Darya and Syr Darya, which flow in the territory of Uzbekistan.
_	Norwegians, Swedes, Finns, and Japanese skating leaders protested to the USOC, condemning the manner of competition and expressing the wish that mass-start races were never to be held again at the Olympics.
_	The throwing of rice, a very ancient custom but one later than the wheat, is symbolical of the wish that the bridal may be fruitful.
_	For instance, a 2008 article expressed the wish that the debate on brain death be re‑opened because of new developments in the medical world.
_	Several of the letters from 1915 and 1916 discussed a flag from Gallipoli – the first Australian flag hoisted on the Gallipoli Peninsula after the landing, carried and hoisted by Queenslanders, and given to Woods with the wish that it "be sent to His Grace the Archbishop of Brisbane to be hung in the Cathedral Church of St John".
_	Money is pinned or taped onto the new married couple's garments, representing the wish that good fortune is "rained" upon them, while also helping the couple financially as they begin their life together.
_	This encounter, he recalled in a 2004 interview, left him with "an impression that cannot be erased", and "the wish that I myself could draw such appealing and interesting characters."
_	As well as asking that Jews be allowed to live in England, their petition also expressed the wish that the Jews “shall come to know the Emanuell” and that they be transported to the “Land promised to their fore-fathers”.
_	Before her death she had expressed the wish that she be cremated according to Sikh rites and her ashes spread in India.
_	This left the final episode as a cliffhanger; Caleb told Olivia that Alison (Erin Hershey Presley) was pregnant with his baby because of the wish that she (Olivia) made on his ring and it was revealed that Imani was a werewolf.
_	Afghans had travelled from across the country to Mazar-i-Sharif united behind the wish that the advent of a new year would bring them peace.
_	And if that distinctive flavour cannot be had along with the material prosperity resulting from Anglo-Saxon energy, I must breathe the wish that this land may never know such prosperity ...
_	While visiting the consulate, he expressed the wish that if the British returned they would take his colony under their protection.
_	Farooq expresses the wish that Iqra must be married to his nephew Ayaz.
_	Gillespie expressed the wish that the film lasted a little longer to explore its emotional core further.
_	Pramukh Swami Maharaj ended the night's speeches and expressed the wish that, "In this Akshardham, may one and all find inspiration to mould their lives and may their lives become divine.
_	Mark Schlabach of ESPN expressed the wish that a playoff system had been in place wherein Oregon or Florida would have played against Alabama.
_	His pamphlet "War and Peace: the Evils of the First with a Plan for Securing the Last", advocating international arbitration, was published by the English Peace Society in 1842, and is said to have contributed to the promulgation, by the powers signing the Treaty of Paris in 1856, of a protocol expressing the wish that nations, before resorting to arms, should have recourse to the good offices of a friendly power.
_	Greenberg had expressed the wish that he should be cremated and his remains buried, without any religious ceremony, near Mount Scopus in Palestine.
_	Bishop Henry of Winchester, the king's brother, who could not be present, wrote a letter to the Synod, praising Richard's elegance, courtesy, hard work and learning, with the wish that “the tree now planted in God's temple, with divine help, flourish and be fruitful.”
_	Lakshmi replied that she would not leave this world and was satisfied Indra's prayer, thereby granting the wish that every human being who praises her with this prayer twice a day in the morning and evening, she will never leave him.
_	Under this campaign, Viet Tan released a report stating that the Vietnamese ministry has expressed the wish that foreign Internet companies "comply with provisions in the new decree, including providing personal information on bloggers to government authorities upon request."
_	The stele affirmed that Sambhu-Bhadresvara was the creator of the world and the destroyer of sin, and expressed the wish that he "cause happiness in the kingdom of Champa."
_	By a decree of 21 January 2009 (Protocol Number 126/2009), which was issued in response to a renewed request that Bishop Fellay made on behalf of all four bishops whom Lefebvre had consecrated on 30 June 1988, the Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops, by the power expressly granted to him by Pope Benedict XVI, remitted the alleged automatic excommunication that they had thereby incurred, and expressed the wish that this would be followed speedily by full communion of the whole of the Society of Saint Pius X with the Church, thus bearing witness, by the proof of visible unity, to true loyalty and true recognition of the Pope's Magisterium and authority.
_	He expressed the wish that his remains come to rest among those for whom he had laboured.
_	After the war, she met her cousin, George V, King of Great Britain and expressed the wish that they would all be friends again soon.
_	Des Valons having had the misfortune to realize that he had not asked to have carried out for him the wish that he was obliged to grant Paulmier, Chausson advanced, and while embracing him undid the button of his pants at the same time, and then Paulmier began knowing him carnally, and committing with him the crime of sodomy.
_	but if the home is not prepared for Shabbat, the evil angel expresses the wish that the next Shabbat will be the same, and the good angel is forced to respond "Amen".
_	When Lord Dudley heard about the innings and the baby, he expressed the wish that he be named after him.
_	He condemned the murder of Mjomba as a "heinous and cowardly" act and expressed the wish that someday soon LGBTI people will live in a free world without "violence and discrimination".
_	Gibran expressed the wish that he be buried in Lebanon.
_	And the blessing that he gave was the wish that the Nile might rise to his feet (to irrigate the land).
_	Along the way he meets other players who have a particular reason for being there—to obtain the wish that is granted to the winner.
_	On his deathbed, he expressed the wish that she would marry a young man and have children to succeed to her wealth, but hoped that otherwise her fortune might pass to a younger son of Lionel Sackville, 1st Duke of Dorset, who had married Elizabeth, daughter of Lieutenant-general Walter Philip Colyear, Germain's friend and colleague in the Dutch service.
_	Reports indicated that the Senator expressed the wish that his wife would succeed him in office, and speculation towards that possibility continued during his illness.
_	The Chief of the South African Defence Force at the time, General Jannie Geldenhuys, expressed the wish that one of these tanks should be recovered and taken to Pretoria, with the intention to use it as material to strike medals from.
_	But the relative opacity of 'Bria’s' story' beats — and the oddly pat metaphors of 'Erica & Anna' — left me with the wish that these two well-matched directors might, you know, collaborate."
_	In the United States, the First Plenary Council of Baltimore (1852) expressed the wish that in every diocese there should be a chancery, to facilitate ecclesiastical administration and establish for its conduct a more or less identical system.
_	The beggar retorted with the wish that the lady's next child might be like the animal to which she had been compared.
_	A person claiming to be a supporter of the group later sent Nokes a Facebook message which stated the wish that Nokes be "violently raped", and stated "there are a lot of people who wish you serious harm, torture and death.
_	By a decree of 21 January 2009 (Protocol Number 126/2009), which was issued in response to a renewed request that Bishop Fellay made on behalf of all four bishops whom Lefebvre had consecrated on 30 June 1988, the Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops, by the power expressly granted to him by Pope Benedict XVI, remitted the automatic excommunication that they had thereby incurred, and expressed the wish that this would be followed speedily by full communion of the whole of the Society of Saint Pius X with the Church, thus bearing witness, by the proof of visible unity, to true loyalty and true recognition of the Pope's Magisterium and authority.
_	After the accident, several people expressed to him the wish that he had been there, as if he might have caught the fatal problem in time to prevent the tragedy.
_	The Patriarch of Constantinople (Anthony the Studite) was requested by an embassy from Palermo to approve the election, which he did, expressing the wish that the archbishop-elect should come to Constantinople and be consecrated by him.
_	Noting this event in his diary, he adds the wish that he may be permitted to return to the Land of Israel.
_	Among the anti-Semitic literature freely handed out at the conference were cartoons equating the Nazi swastika with the Jewish Star of David, flyers expressing the wish that Adolf Hitler had completely killed every last Jew on Earth, and copies of "The Protocols of the Elders of Zion".
_	If You will be as a Christian, it will be as dear to me as the wish that you will give your children treasures which rust and moths can not alter, and that we will one day meet were a Count and a master Bergius will weigh as much."
_	The written record of the session notes also that they expressed the wish that the succession law be secured in substance and in manner "until the publication of the Pragmática took place, at such time as H. M. might think proper".
_	Higginson expressed the wish that disunion could have been achieved "without the sacrifice of Brown" and believed a counter-proposal to the Harper's Ferry scheme should have been made—one that protected Brown from himself, believing the Six should have perceived "the madness that dwelled within him-- the insanity that sat stealthily beside his great, selfless nobility."
_	While trying to hide the body he receives a strange text on his phone that asks him "If you can delete those you don't like what would it be?", not caring he deletes the text while making the wish that he only wanted a nice boss.
_	It is believed that on his deathbed, Nicholas expressed the wish that his fiancée become the bride of his younger brother and successor as Tsesarevich, Alexander, and in 1866, the couple was married.
_	Families who cherished the rolling hills of the High Hill countryside and its good farm land expressed the wish that it be their burial place when plans for the school did not materialize.
_	21 May 2010 deputy head of the Administration of Ukraine Hanna Herman stated the wish that Ukraine’s most popular political talk shows would be anchored only by Ukrainian journalists, "We are still victims to that imperial complex that "everything coming from Moscow is good, everything Ukrainian is bad".
_	Alison explains to Helena that she lost the baby (one of Jimmy's cruellest speeches in Act 1 expressed the wish that Alison would conceive a child and lose it).
_	Francis de Sales wrote to her expressing the wish that she make an establishment in his diocese, but she died in Dôle at the age of 53, before that could happen.
_	Conversely in "Sigurðarkviða hin skamma", Högni expresses the wish that Brynhildr not be reborn.
_	According to a report by the director-general of the royal visit, Cyril Brudenell White, "the Royal Visitors had expressed the wish that when travelling through the States they might have opportunities of seeing and of being seen by, the greatest number of the general public.
_	"Lo Pi de les Tres Branques" recounts the story of James and the tree's symbolism of the Trinity and the unity of the Catalan Countries, and expressed the wish that it be adopted as Catalonia's national tree.
_	Johnson made him his residual heir, with £70 () a year to be given him by Trustees, expressing the wish that he move from London to Lichfield, Staffordshire, Johnson's native city.
_	An investigation followed, and a letter of 10 November from Thomas Smythe expressing the wish that he could deliver Humfrey from his 'unexpected thraldom' suggests that Humfrey was imprisoned for a time.
_	England International JW Sagar was the club's first captain and he expressed the wish that the formation of the club would provide the opportunity for the local grammar school boys to continue in the game in the city rather than having to move elsewhere.
_	Seven and 3/4 acres of lakefront property were bequeathed to St. Ann's parish along with the wish that it be used as a school for girls.
_	Although the European Consensus on Humanitarian Aid was welcomed as a positive strong signal, some NGOs expressed the wish that the success of the European Consensus on Humanitarian Aid should be enhanced humanitarian response at field level and not merely enhanced rhetoric in Brussels.
