_	A furious Charlie fires him and spreads the word that Larkin is not a man to be trusted.
_	Subordinate clauses almost always begin with the subordinating conjunction -ש (usually "that"), which attaches as a prefix to the word that follows it.
_	"The Times" hated the word that was eventually adopted, electrocution, describing it as being pushed forward by "pretentious ignoramuses".
_	Patterson, Pressler, and a host of self-described conservative pastors and laymen began to spread the word that the teaching of SBC leadership was not reflective of their constituents, who were paying their salaries.
_	The critic at the "Journal of Biarritz" had no trouble finding the word that he felt best described Dewis:
_	Possibly" '-me' "is derived from the word that means 'all' in Malay.
_	This is usually done by having the homophone indicator adjacent to the word that is not the definition; therefore, in the previous example, "we hear" was adjacent to "twins" and the answer was "pare" rather than "pair".
_	He passed the word that the men should take advantage of the break to eat breakfast.
_	Again, not many Mormons know this detail of Church history, but every now and then, Utah papers record murders with uniquely Mormon flavoring (death by temple-sanctioned methods, for example), and the word that goes out on the Latter-day grapevine is "Danite".
_	In linguistic interlinear glosses, an equals sign is conventionally used to mark clitic boundaries: the equals sign is placed between the clitic and the word that the clitic is attached to.
_	WIBC delegates spread the word that legislation needed to be approved by Congress before the center could officially be named after Lutz.
_	Just as Thompson's session career was hitting its stride, 1980s studio guitar staple Dann Huff left L.A. for Nashville and put out the word that producers and contractors who wanted him should instead call Michael Thompson.
_	The insertion of a nasal vowel in a word placed at the ending of a proposal indicates that the morpheme is a phonological word with the word that it precedes.
_	Cobblepot is proposing that they can use the club as a shelter for his business and also tells them to spread the word that he is offering a million dollars for whoever catches Fish Mooney.
_	They had started to pass the word that the young missionary lady was in fact a 'mata-mata' agent who was helping the British government enforce its new law against gambling.
_	When I'm writing I prefer to use the word race because that's the word that everyone understands.
_	Going door to door and working kinship networks, young Choctaw activists spread the word that the termination bill needed to be stopped and urged people to take pride in their Choctaw heritage.
_	Howlett found that "violent is the word that keeps on coming up" when describing the album.
_	"The Economist" reported in 2002 that the LPR spreads the word that the EU is a communist conspiracy.
_	Cavalry, veterans of the fight at LZ X-Ray, got the word that they would be deployed in the battalion's relief.
_	– () an Early Modern English abbreviation for the word that
_	Individual differences in lip-reading skill, as tested by asking the child to 'speak the word that you lip-read', or by matching a lip-read utterance to a picture, show a relationship between lip-reading skill and age.
_	Taylor messaged Washington on Christmas Day, saying, "Hanoi will get the word that, despite our present tribulations, there is still bite in the tiger they call paper, and the U.S. stock in this part of the world will take sharp rise.
_	Unfortunately his writing for the solo voices is not free from awkwardness and at times the weight and density of the orchestral fabric constitutes a barrier between the word that is sung and the ears of the audience.
_	"F" stands for any Form ("appearance, property")—"forma" is a Boethian translation for εἶδος ("eidos"), which is the word that Plato used.
_	Writings about the United States to Czechs through journalistic and monographic reports by Jan Náprstek and others highlighted to exotic degrees the natural and cultural richness of 'Amerika' (to use the word that Franz Kafka, who was from Prague, used as the title of his 1927 novel).
_	until a speller buzzes to identify the word that the clues point to.
_	By the end of 2016 the band spread the word that they were finishing their third album "Prehistoric Rhythm".
_	When these sounds occur word-finally, they may be pronounced voiceless or voiced depending on the word that follows:
_	In Old Occitan, the symbol · was sometimes used to denote certain elisions, much like the modern apostrophe, the only difference being that the word that gets to be elided is always placed after the interpunct, the word before ending either in a vowel sound or the letter "n":
_	The "Green Man Review" comments that Tolkien's "emphasis as a translator was on selecting the word that best fit the tone of the poem.
_	A new branch of the FCMF, theological plane, was created in order to try and spread the word that the people committing these crimes are not representative of the other believers.
_	Lucille spreads the word that Rita's engagement to Benny is over.
_	The task is to identify the word that connects these three seemingly unrelated ones.
_	Back came the word that MacKenzie should take the Gurkhas on the mission, and leave the green SLCU troopers to be trained later.
_	When sources in the police spread the word that "a new report had destroyed Kristiansen's cell pone alibi", Telenor decided to perform additional measurements, but they got the same results as they got the first time.
_	This means the word that spells something will have a toll-free prefix and a top level domain extension after it.
_	Laval wanted these teachers to spread the word that his institution was to establish a sense of charity and love for religion in the colony and not another source of law or authority.
_	Mile-Away warns Jake and tells him to spread the word that there will be no more burglary jobs.
_	‘Epic’ I think is the word that is often used.
_	This is why, when we wish communication to be genuinely human -- because it begins from one man and is addressed to other men -- the word that is communicated must be nourished by silence to be more meaningful, to be more true.
_	However, postal workers in the state opened Marcy's letter before delivering it to Owsley and had spread the word that the federal government had once again requested troops.
_	"Builder" is the word that best describes him, when used in its broadest sense.
_	It is the Revolution, the magical word, the word that is going to change everything, that is going to bring us immense delight and a quick death."
_	The adjective must agree with the word that it qualifies in both gender and number.
_	Unless the context suggests otherwise -- and in none of these passages is that the case -- this must be the primary meaning of the word that is intended.
_	They ask for the word that made them so successful, which George admits to be Mary's word, ("Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious (Reprise)").
_	Shane spreads the word that he is searching for a girl with "the voice."
_	In contrast to the broader use of the word that was introduced to English-language anthropology by Edward Burnett Tylor, "Kultur" was used by German ethnologists to describe the distinctive ways of life of a particular people or "Volk", in this sense equivalent to the French "civilisation".
_	With Kellogg’s the word that is associated with them is “crunch”.
_	With Gillette the word that consumers see as synonymous with the brand is “masculine.”
_	The first official kwaito song played in South Africa, done by Mafokate, with the usage of one of the most degrading words that white colonialists would call black Africans, is the Arabic word for ‘non-believer’ or a ‘heathen’ which is the word that Afrikaans described the natives with.
_	It was said by old folks that people before had the difficulty of pronouncing the word that eventually led to its change of name to "Kinalansan".
_	"A number of us were given the word that the selectors didn't see us as having any future as Test players," said Yallop.
_	On their first journey through the Wall of Light, they travel to Boston in 1775, to help Paul Revere and the Sons of Liberty spread the word that British Redcoats are on the march.
_	She moored alongside on the 10th for availability and, while her crew was enjoying movies on the forecastle that evening, she received the word that Japan was ready to surrender — news greeted with great rejoicing by all hands.
_	The elevated quotation marks created an extra white space before and after the word that was considered aesthetically unpleasing, while the in-line quotation marks helped to maintain the typographical color, since the quotation marks had the same height and were aligned with the lower case letters.
_	In his discussion of methodology in the foreword to "Jesus of Nazareth", the same author notes that "there are dimensions of the word that the old doctrine of the fourfold sense of Scripture pinpointed with remarkable accuracy," supporting a "Christological hermeneutic, which sees Jesus Christ as the key to the whole and learns from him to understand the Bible as a unity".
_	Trevelyan will return to the Stellar Union and spread the word that anyone who takes up Murdoch's offer and settles on Good Luck will be forcibly removed by the Coordination Service, which should suffice to prevent settlement of the planet.
_	This is in fact the only ancient instance of the word that shows anything approaching the connotations with which it is most often employed by modern scholars, and epyllion did not enter the common language of criticism until the 19th century.
_	The word "Alp" is the German form of the word that comes into English as "elf", both descended from Common Germanic.
_	'Classy' is the word that comes to mind all the way through these 13 songs."
_	I, verily, myself announce and utter the word that gods and men alike shall welcome.
_	Players score 1 point for making a word, plus 1 point for each letter in the word that is greater than the number of letters on the table.
_	But to get the word that 16 years of your life has ended – it's hard to handle still.
_	When one is striving to identify the root of a given phrase, the word that is most responsible for determining the distribution of that phrase as a whole is its root.
_	Cox returned with the word that McQuire had been wounded and that the troops in their front of them belonged to the 10th Virginia Regiment.
_	Melter and Killer Shriek bring in Ringer and Black Cat tells him to spread the word that no one steals from her.
_	Then Peter remembered the word that Jesus had spoken: "Before the cock crows you will deny me three times."
_	Spread the word that this place exists!
_	he responded "It is the word that I speak, the truth that I speak, that is deeply embedded in their souls...I am flesh, blood, and spirit - but it is the spirit I possess; the spirit the ancient prophets possess, that is of such significance to the redemption of our people."
_	Rather, the word that almost every account of the 1978 shows uses, is "intense".
_	Clicking on any of the links then takes the viewer to a URL correlating to the word that took them there using a tool called a Uniform Resource Locator.
_	Later he spreads the word that since the day Prashant has arrived idols are being stolen and he is stalking local girls.
_	They generally precede the word that they modify.
_	The root language of a numerical prefix need not be related to the root language of the word that it prefixes.
_	For colon defined words, the code field pointer points to the word that will save the current Forth instruction pointer (IP) on the return stack, and load the IP with the new address from which to continue execution of words.
_	The track's publicist, Joe Goldstein spread the word that the horse's chances were affected by the loss of over 150 pounds of artichokes that had been impounded, and then misplaced, by the United States Department of Agriculture at Idlewild Airport.
_	The rest of the word that goes with the letter "b" was torn off, so they assume that it was supposed to be "born".
_	The stem is the part of the word that never changes even when morphologically inflected; a lemma is the base form of the word.
_	Kevin gets the word that his screening results are negative, to the relief of everyone except Michael, who believes that negative means he has cancer, and reacts for the first time with genuine concern and compassion for Kevin.
_	The head of the MI5 branch responsible for 'monitoring' unions and strike activity at the time of the strike, Dame Stella Rimington, gave an unusual denial in 2001, saying that Windsor was "never an agent in any sense of the word that you can possibly imagine", and, in breach of normal government protocol, John Major, the Prime Minister, made an official statement that Roger Windsor was never involved with the government.
_	The apostrophe (') appears as part of certain phrases, usually to indicate the elision of a vowel in the contraction of a preposition with the word that follows it: "de" + "água" = "d'água".
_	Scholars debate the organization and membership of the Academia Antártica—at least one critic has even suggested that it was actually just a branch of the University of San Marcos; however, there is little disagreement about the society's mission to spread the word that in Lima world-caliber literary geniuses thrived.
_	However, once a test taker spells a word one way, they must continue to spell the word that way.
_	Phrases in Toki Pona are head-initial; modifiers always come after the word that they modify.
_	Patrilocality is confirmed by lexical evidence, including the word *"", "to lead (away)", being the word that denotes a male wedding a female (but not vice versa).
_	Furthermore, he was aware that others in the room were completely conversant with both languages and that most of them would have thought of the word that he was searching for before he had found it.
_	The words are colored red with the exception of the word that is currently being sung, which is highlighted in green.
_	Also, as "governor" is the main noun in the title, it is the word that is pluralized; thus, it is "lieutenant governors", rather than "lieutenants governor".
_	Under the doctrine of intelligible essences, everything can be classified under the word that names its category.
_	Electronic highway signs were also used to spread the word that the alert had been issued "in error" and that there was no threat to Hawaii.
_	Interlingua highly regards etymological fidelity, thus it usually adopts the word that is the "nearest common ancestor" of the respective words in at least three source language units (considering Spanish and Portuguese together as one unit).
_	In a sentence such as "Sally runs", the predicate is "runs", because it is the word that predicates a specific state about its argument "Sally".
_	Mami Kawada choose the title "Joint" because that was the word that came strongly to her mind after completely reading the lyrics; it reflected how the protagonists of "Shakugan no Shana II", Shana and Yuji, continually joined their power together to fight.
_	Late on May 1, 1935, Sakdalista activists spread the word that the endeavor to achieve independence would begin within twenty-four hours.
_	A series of virtually wordless books featuring a male and a female anthropomorphic hippopotamus or elephant and the word that is in the title.
_	This way the predictive guesses iTap offers are enhanced based upon context of the word that is being typed.
_	""Quirky" is the word that always comes to mind," according to crime novelist Lawrence Block.
_	"The physical beauty, the reverberating nerve beat, the sharp perceptiveness" (according to the biographer Inna Solovyova) as well as her love of modernism ('decadent' was also the word that has been used to describe her close circle of friends) made Germanova one of the rising stars of the early 1900s' Russian theatre scene, and "a promising tragic actress in the vein of Duse".
_	Melter and Killer Shrike then bring in Ringer and Black Cat tells Ringer to spread the word that no one steals from her.
_	He spreads the word that she is flying away at midnight, then gathers all the prime suspects at Penny's nightclub to see her off.
_	One example of the pronunciation is the "a" at the end of the word that is pronounced like an "e".
_	It seems that "perplexity" may be the word that describes their lives best.
_	A more extensive examination of such data would demonstrate that N-ellipsis elides minimally a noun and maximally everything else in the noun phrase that follows the word that introduces the ellipsis.
_	While at a bar in British Columbia, Wolverine uses his adamantium skull to headbutt Nuke to spread the word that he spared him while also getting the information on who placed the bounty on him.
_	With the mainstreaming of gay culture in the 1990s, "diva" was the word that bound house music to the gay dance scene, which was previously only defined by Italo disco compositions.
_	Howlett found that "violent is the word that keeps on coming up" when describing the album.
_	Faith is the listening to the word that meets it, by which he means the Gospel concretely.
_	I, verily, myself announce and utter the word that gods and men alike shall welcome.
_	But many other amateurs increasingly adopted the word "ham" to describe their hobby and themselves during this period, embracing the word that was originally an insult, similar to the way Yankee Doodle evolved, as seen, for example, in Thomas F. Hunter's exuberant "I am the wandering Ham" from the January 1920 issue of "QST".
_	In the Jacoby study, it was seen that if older adults read a word several times, they were likely to accurately judge it as familiar, but were more likely to think they heard the word that they read.
_	BC Carthage was ruled, at least officially, by monarchs, in the sense of the word that executive power was held by one person.
_	Ted Turner and Seibert's boss Scott Sassa on board, the studio fanned out across the world to spread the word that the studio was in an "unprecedented phase", in which animators had a better idea what cartoons should be than executives and Hanna-Barbera supported them.
_	Henryetta spreads the word that Oklahoma has annexed this territory into the union.
_	The words in red mark the catena (chain of words) that connects the displaced wh-constituent "what" to its governor "eat", the word that licenses its appearance.
_	Instead, he instructs Chris and Snoop to spread the word that Randy has been speaking to the police and he is labeled as a snitch in the streets.
_	Left mortal, Adam wandered the Middle East, attempting to guess the word that would restore his power.
_	The phrase "See You Next Tuesday" is a popular slang meaning "cunt" because of an odd acronym of the word that results in "C U Next Tuesday".
_	Knowing how to pronounce, sign, or write a word does not necessarily mean that the word that has been used correctly or accurately reflects the intended message; but it does reflect a minimal amount of productive knowledge.
_	To stir the pot even more, the CIA is quietly spreading the word that Francesca, who is beloved by the working-class citizens, has been captured by El Presidente's men and is being tortured.
_	In Paulus' "Historia Langobardorum", the Lombards terrorize their neighbors by spreading the word that they had dog-headed warriors, possibly a reference to ulfhednar.
_	In this listing, a statement of essential cause is a demonstration that an indicated object conforms to a definition of the word that refers to it.
_	This is the word that the English term "horoscope" derives from, which in modern times has come to denote the diagram of the heavens as a whole.
_	With the help of the local Sheriff's sergeant, Cadfael spreads the word that Rhodri witnessed the attack and will be questioned about the identity of the thief the following morning.
_	Jeanron campaigned to include workers in completing the different sectors of the Louvre, hoping to spread the word that the museum was a place where all were welcome, and tried to obtain more space for the exhibits.
_	There is a belief that there is an analogy between the words chosen and the word that those words express.
_	In a vindication of his conduct, 7 December 1685, published in "Faithful Contendings displayed", for having put to death one of the prisoners after the battle with his own hand, he asserted that before the battle began he had given out the word that "no quarter should be given".
_	In a review for The National Observer, Hunter S. Thompson referred to Donleavy's novel as "a masterpiece of writing about love" and referred to Donleavy as "a humorist in the only sense of the word that has any dignity."
_	The word "agape" received a broader usage under later Christian writers as the word that specifically denoted Christian love or charity (), or even God himself.
_	They figure out that "the word that cost her her life" was referring to Marie Antoinette's famous quote, "Let them eat cake.", when she was told the peasants had no bread.
_	Aitia, from Greek , was the word that Aristotle used to refer to the causal explanation that has traditionally been translated as "cause", but this specialized, technical, philosophical usage of the word "cause" does not correspond exactly to its most usual applications in everyday English language.
_	However, Haywood defense attorney Clarence Darrow passed the word that he would defend Adams, and the prisoner immediately recanted.
_	A hyphen that appears on the left of the clitic indicates that the clitic is prosodically dependent on the word immediately to its left ("He'll", "There's"), whereas a hyphen that appears on the right side of the clitic (not shown here) indicates that the clitic is prosodically dependent on the word that appears immediately to its right.
_	Police spread the word that they would arrest any gangster attending.
_	After moving to the U.S., Olga wanted to continue representing Czechoslovakia, but the Czechoslovak Olympic Committee refused to allow her to do so and then spread the word that she had refused to represent Czechoslovakia any more.
_	The Foundation for Apologetic Information & Research states that the word "Christ" is the Greek equivalent of the Hebrew word "Messiah" and that Smith simply chose the more familiar Greek word to translate the word that appeared in the language of the plates.
_	This e is pronounced as in a rounded short backward vowel or as in an "e" followed by the first letter of the word that follows the article.
_	These titles are derived from alternate translations of al-Ḥāqqa, the word that appears in the first three ayat of the sura.
_	Thus "luen" can mean "I am reading" or "I will read" depending on the case form of the word that follows.
_	When compound words are created, a connecting vowel is needed depending on the origin of the preceding word, regardless of the word that follows, unless the latter starts with a vowel in which case no connecting vowel is added.
_	In computational linguistics, the term "stem: is used for the part of the word that never changes, even morphologically, when inflected, and a lemma is the base form of the word.
_	Meanwhile, Dzungar spies spread the word that they had come to avenge the death of Sangye Gyatso, return power over the country to the Tibetans themselves, and expel the "false" Dalai Lama Ngawang Yeshe Gyatso.
_	Steve spreads the word that Mike is a runaway father abandoning his child getting him in trouble with his ship's captain and fellow chief petty officers.
_	She decided to write the book because she was unable to find adequate material dealing with girls on the spectrum, and the word that would become its title, "Aspergirls", "just popped into [her] head".
_	The code word "Irene" was the word that began the mission and sent the helicopters into the air.
_	The Japanese spread the word that they were the 'Light of Asia'.
_	John publicly exposes Ure, but he takes his revenge by spreading the word that Storm makes catastrophic predictions and is announcing the end of the world on Derby Day.
_	Fiz apparently needs emergency medical attention due to the bloody injury and soon starts spreading the word that Kirsty harmed her on purpose.
_	They are instructed to accept hospitality, heal the sick and spread the word that the Kingdom of God is coming.
_	It is not related to El Salvador, but the word that means thin winged in Latin.
_	He was the word that spake it,
_	Accordingly, the juxtaposition "formula_55" will denote the concatenation of two words "v" and "w", namely the word that begins with "v" and is followed by "w".
_	It is placed on the syllable of the word that is accented.
_	Yet 'purity' is the word that comes to mind:
_	"Plagiocephaly" is the word that is used to describe a diagonal asymmetry across the head shape.
_	The length of the word that has to be guessed varies from five to eight letters, and depends on the round.
_	The words in brackets are coordinate to each other, and both coordinates are subordinate to the word that is not enclosed in brackets.
_	In a slightly different usage, which is adopted in the remainder of this article, a word has a single stem, namely the part of the word that is common to all its inflected variants.
_	From this, the child might determine that the word that is optional and from this analogize to the following examples:
_	When the word that relates to the preconception is used, these preconceptions are summoned up by the mind into the person's thoughts.
_	In 1940, Ion Dinu, a lawyer, found a cave in Ion Corvin, Constanța and spread the word that Saint Andrew lived in the cave.
_	He called these concepts categories, in the sense of the word that means predicate, attribute, characteristic, or quality.
_	That July, he spread the word that there was going to be a video shoot, and that he needed approximately 2,000 fans to arrive at the scene.
_	Utixo was the word that missionaries used for translating "God" into Khoikhoi.
_	Name me the word that is courage.
_	Name me the word that is justice.
_	Name me the word that is power.
_	Name me the word that is freedom.
_	Name me the word that is faith.
_	Barnette dispatched Jujiro Wada, a Japanese immigrant from Ehime on Shikoku Island, to Dawson City to spread the word that gold had been found in order for Barnette to create a market for his goods.
_	He reports that Caligula married his sister, threatened to make his horse consul, and that he sent an army to the northern coast of Gaul and as they prepared to invade Britain, one rumour had it that he had them pick seashells on the shore (evidence shows that this could be a fabrication as the word for "shell" in Latin doubles as the word that the legionaries of the time used to call the 'huts' that the soldiers erected during the night while on campaign).
_	One member must pop one balloon each to get the paper and make a mouth gesture of the word that was written on the paper to his or her teammate without releasing a voice, and the other member must guess what his or her teammate is trying to say.
_	On the early morning of 27 May 1998, the "ISI" spotted camouflage F-16s were spotted conducting exercises; the "ISI" quickly got the word that the Israeli fighters, flying on behalf of India were inbound to take out Pakistan's nuclear facilities.
_	Art dresses as Santa Claus, but all the parents won't let their kids near him, because Mrs. McCluskey has spread the word that he's a pedophile.
_	Belsito and Company spread the word that the drug was being "rationed" and physicians were being 'systematically forced' to decide who would live and who would die.
_	A street suffix is the word that follows the name of a street to further describe that street.
_	Each definition is shown with numerous short usage quotations; in each case, the first quotation shows the first recorded instance of the word that the editors are aware of and, in the case of words and senses no longer in current usage, the last quotation is the last known recorded usage.
_	Roggiero is dispatched with a message for Amenaide, and he sends his followers to spread the word that an unknown knight has arrived to help save the city.
_	Lee then helped spread the word that fans would also have been treated for a free Amazing Grilled Cheese Bacon Burger in Independence Day if dressed as Spider-Man.
_	From there, missionaries travelled throughout Europe, spreading the word that Onisaburo Deguchi was a Messiah or Maitreya, who would unify the world.
_	By promising marriage, he steals away a young Vietnamese woman (Giorgia Moll) from an embittered and cynical English newspaperman (Michael Redgrave), who retaliates by spreading the word that the American is actually covertly selling arms to the anti-Communists.
_	The name cadang-cadang comes from the word that means dying in Bicol.
_	But when a young boy is also shot dead, the Sheriff realizes that Robin isn't the killer of either of them, but anyway tells De Fourtnoy to spread the word that Robin also killed the young boy, just to get all the villagers against him; although the Sheriff also tells De Fourtnoy to find the real assassin.
_	They are to eat any food offered, heal the sick and spread the word that the Kingdom of God is coming.
_	Carter Verone is a drug dealer in Miami in "2 Fast 2 Furious" who puts out the word that he needs drivers to deliver a "package", leading Customs and the FBI to place Brian O'Conner and Roman Pearce undercover as drivers in order to land charges on him.
_	For example, in Korean, the word for "comb", "pis", is a loan of the Chinese word "bì" , which means that when the word "comb" was borrowed into Korean, there was still an [-s] sound at the end of the word that later disappeared from Chinese and gave rise to a departing tone.
_	In the Egyptian language, Hetepet was the word that meant "Offerings"
_	The translative and the word that it transfers are placed equi-level and a vertical dividing line separates them.
_	After charging her with prostitution, the cops spread the word that Mary is going to inform on Swados and the local crime boss, Leonard Ustick.
_	In linguistics, the head or nucleus of a phrase is the word that determines the syntactic category of that phrase.
_	If "powerful" is the word that comes to our mind when we think of "Sonic Soul Surfer", it might be because Steve is an artists that lies neither to himself nor to his audience".
_	In order to poison the atmosphere, the KGB had spread the word that he had planned to blow up the Minsk hotel; that he had been caught in the company of an agent who had given him information to take to the West; and that a half million rubles in foreign currency were found in his possession.
_	A third possibility is that "brother" refers to brother-in-arms, blood brother, or something similar, and this is a use of the word that appears on one of the runestones in Hällestad in Scania.
_	When the messengers returned to Guan Yu, they spread the word that their families were well.
_	Then he passed the word that when he shouted an order the company was to fire five rounds rapid, and then stop.
_	Goldstein spread the word that the horse's chances were affected by the loss of over 150 pounds of artichokes that had been impounded, and then misplaced, by the United States Department of Agriculture at Idlewild Airport.
_	In 2010, he invited Oprah Winfrey to visit the parks as an icon for the African-American community, in order to spread "the word that the national parks really are America's best idea, and that this beauty belongs to every American, including African-Americans".
_	Whether this ring was the wall around a Roman watchtower – a "burgus" to use the word that the Romans borrowed from Germanic speech – or the bank of a Roman pond in a garden complex with a castle on the hillock next to it is unknown.
_	Whereas "shiplift" is the word that is normally used, the term used by Lloyd's register is "Mechanical Lift Dock".
_	– () a Middle English abbreviation for the word that
_	That is exactly the word that best describes the capacity in musical talents and bright future of The Hinson Family.
_	Eide put out the word that he had secret exploratory talks with Taliban commanders to discuss peace terms, as emerged end of that month during the International Conference on Afghanistan in London.
_	He confronts and defeats Esteban's tax collector, then instructs the peon to spread the word that El Zorro has returned.
_	Deelishis out when Deelishis spreads the word that Krazy is fake to all of the girls back at the photoshoot.
_	Over the years, the blue and white with the golden Spartan helmet emblem on their hearts have travelled to numerous countries such as the UK, Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, Spain, Malta, Bulgaria, Turkey, Cyprus and Kenya, playing different clubs and spreading the word that Greek rugby is here.
_	Dean sends Taz (Jerome Meyer) to search the cottage Robbo was last seen at, and the others to spread the word that they are on the look out for him.
_	One implication of this interpretation is that whatever happens to be the case right now is an "entelechia", as though something that is intrinsically unstable as the instantaneous position of an arrow in flight deserved to be described by the word that everywhere else Aristotle reserves for complex organized states that persist, that hold out against internal and external causes that try to destroy them.
_	Often people also use it as a means of activism; the group Occupy Wall Street has used it to project onto the Verizon Wireless building in New York City as a means to visually spread the word that Occupy Wall Street is still alive.
_	Therefore put away all filthiness and all remnants of wickedness and receive with meekness the word that is implanted in you and that is powerful in making your souls blessed."
_	For example, if the question "Are you going to answer this question with the word that means "no" in your language?" is put to True, he cannot answer truthfully.
_	To the word that unique cave-priory, founded by first Grecian missionaries, come to Kiev Rus from Byzantine, had been razed almost to the ground in 1960s by communists.
_	Such practice is also permitted in other Germanic languages, e.g. Danish and Norwegian (Bokmål and Nynorsk alike), and is even encouraged between parts of the word that have very different pronunciation, such as when one part is a loan word or an acronym.
_	Major arena news hit Daytona Beach with the word that Barry Wagner (former Orlando Predators & San Jose SaberCats WR/DB) would be joining the team after getting cut from the Tampa Bay Storm at the beginning of the 2007 AFL season.
_	In general, irregular forms of German verbs exist to make for easier and clearer pronunciation, with a vowel sound in the centre of the word the only part of the word that changes in an unexpected way (though endings may also be slightly different).
_	After multiple faulty attempts, Call comes to a realization and enunciates the word that opens the safe: Jericho.
_	Something akin to a 4 July celebration occurred, as some 150 warships threw everything they had—searchlights; tracers; red, white, and green flares; and star shell—into a 15-minute celebration that commemorated the word that the Japanese were entertaining thoughts of surrender.
_	"Sahaliyan", the word that has been borrowed in the form of "Sakhalin", means "black" in Manchu, "ula" means "river" and "sahaliyan ula" ( , "Black River") is the proper Manchu name of the Amur River.
_	The missionaries passed the word that many of them were seasick and suffering from exhaustion.
_	Slaves within areas of Confederate control rapidly spread the word that Union military forces were not enforcing the fugitive slave laws, and that slaves could find refuge within Union military lines and employment as laborers for the Union armies.
_	"Keep it trilla, nigga, never had a gun and badge," which he stresses, leaving the word that he was indeed an officer of the law.
_	There are four indefinite articles, selected by the gender of the noun they modify and by the phonological structure of the word that immediately follows the article.
_	Citing to "Webster's New International Dictionary", the Court explained that "discharge" commonly means a "flowing or issuing out," an ordinary sense of the word that the Court had used in prior water-related cases.
_	Obviously, the word that's used here is very offensive."
_	Beverly informs Lenora, Rosalie, Miss Wilder, Mrs. Dennis and the Parkers; beyond that they resolve to "circulate the word that Shirley is confined to her room with a cold."
_	Its title, as the author explains in the prologue, is taken from the archaic sense of the word that means "whim", "quirk", "obsession", or even a snatch of music (see earworm).
_	Swihart wrote of this album that "'[s]tunning' seems to be the word that has most attached itself to "Still Falling", and with excellent reason", and awarded it 4.5 out of 5 stars.
_	"Eirene" is the word that the New Testament generally uses for peace, one of the twenty words used by the Septuagint, the Greek version of the Hebrew Bible used in the largely Greek-speaking Jewish communities throughout the Greco-Roman world.
_	Indie Vision Music, who gave the album a positive review, said that "perseverance is not the word that immediately comes to mind when [he] think[s] of most bands; however, when thinking of pmtoday it certainly fits" and said that when he "think[s] of Rise [Records] [he] think[s] of post-hardcore, but ["In Medias Res"] throws that thinking out the window."
_	In some online dictionaries, such as the "Macmillan English Dictionary for Advanced Learners", every word in every definition is hyperlinked to its own entry, so that a user who is unsure of the meaning of a word in a definition can immediately see the definition for the word that is causing problems.
_	It is normally appropriate to retain the word that introduces the question, but a relative pronoun or adverb is occasionally used instead of one that is initially interrogative.
_	They had not gotten the word that Brigham Young's departure had been delayed by a year.
_	Rather than the name of a clan or family group, Yolngu is the word that Aboriginal people from East Arnhem Land, including the Gove Peninsula, use to refer to themselves.
_	The grieving narrator wanders in the woods and finds that the birds already know the word that brings back his sorrow: they heard it from a pretty young woman.
_	Words used as prepositions in English (such as "to", "from", "by", "in", and "at") are postpositional in Ainu; they come after the word that they modify.
_	When working with children from low SES homes, providing a context of the word that attributes meaning, is a linguistic strategy that can benefit the child's word knowledge development.
_	There is a common and nonliteral sense of the word that is much like the terms "Western world", "known world" or "Free World".
_	Fill in the Blank: Adapted from the original final round, Willman read a pun-styled clue with a blank, with the clue-giver drawing the word that filled in the blank.
_	These are the only words that can stand alone as roots without suffixes and usually follow the word that they modify.
_	And lastly the vowel /u/ is to lip-round the word that is being pronounced.
_	The two spread the word that they would be trading at that site, saving trappers the need to travel all the way to York (Toronto) to sell their goods.
_	From Liérganes came the word that no creature had ever been seen around the town, and that the only extraordinary event that had happened lately was the tragic death of Francisco de la Vega in Bilbao five years ago, who was indeed red haired.
_	The then NZGFA sports information director Ed Mason's work, especially in the newspaper print media was essential to spreading the word that American Football had now well and truly arrived in NZ.
_	...If we pay attention to these matters and do not take them lightly, the Lord will cleanse us by the washing of the water in the word that we may be sanctified.
_	However, Safwa became the popular name which was the word that people used to use for the pure water that came out form an old water spring, that spring also called Darius.
_	Although the name's spelling and pronunciation in French are identical to those for the word that means "chin", there does not seem to be any link with this French word.
_	The post recognition point process is top-down, because the information concerning the chosen word is tested against the word that is presented.
_	The minimum definitions for such a Forth compiler are the words that fetch and store a byte, and the word that commands a Forth word to be executed.
_	T9 was encoded to prefer the word that its programmers determined to be the most common "textonym", such as "good" over "home" or "gone", "hand" over "game", or "bad" over "cad" or "ace".
_	The Mexican Mafia, a dominant gang in the Texas penal system, reportedly placed a price on her head and spread the word that anyone who committed the crime would be a hero.
_	This is the sense of the word that survives in the phrase Papal legate.
_	The long-tailed Q had fallen completely out of use with the advent of early digital typography, as many early digital fonts could not choose different glyphs based on the word that the glyph was in, but it has seen something of a comeback with the advent of OpenType fonts and LaTeX, both of which can automatically typeset the long-tailed Q when it is called for and the short-tailed Q when not.
_	If the word that the user wants is not predicted, the writer must enter the next letter of the word.
_	When the word that the user wants appears it is selected, and the word is inserted into the text.
_	We'd even heard old 1910 Daddy Hipsters of the streets speak the word that way, with a melancholy sneer.
_	In a PETA ad, she posed nearly nude in a bed of crimson chili peppers to spread the word that going vegetarian is the best way to "spice up your life" as well as help animals, one's health, and the environment.
_	The foursome, who had never before met, came together through the recommendations of mutual friends, when Russell put out the word that he was looking to start a new band.
_	Cecropius, commander of the Dalmatians, spread the word that the forces of Aureolus were leaving the city, and Gallienus left his tent without his bodyguard, only to be struck down by Cecropius.
_	He comes back from the court announcing to his children to "go spread the word that dad is not going to court anymore."
_	On the course of the next days Tristram spreads the word that Eustacie ran to meet Sarah Thane whom she knew from Paris to smooth over the ripples of her escape.
_	Many also often change pronunciation when the word that follows them begins with a vowel sound.
_	The etymology of "Sevan" was also found in the inscription and is considered to be the first such mention of the word that now relates to the lake that the ruins are located.
_	Their first initiative is to spread the word that human trafficking is immoral and has become a growing problem that it will take a global cooperation to cease its continuation.
_	Manson asked Los Angeles radio station KROQ-FM to help spread the word that the band is looking for 200 to 250 fans to dress in black and participate in the shoot.
_	The inhabitants of the forest that Woody Woodpecker (Mel Blanc) lives in have started spreading the word that Woody is crazy, due to all of his screwball antics.
_	If the image is ever used again, it will have one taboo word: the word that resulted from the previous agreement.
_	Faith embraces the word that is offered to it.
_	The politically powerful Lord Privy Seal, Marquis Kōichi Kido spread the word that the Emperor no longer supported Tojo.
_	When Xanthu leaves the United Planets, Star Boy and fellow Xanthian Legionnaires (Kid Quantum and Monstress) spread the word that the government of their home planet has been deceived and are astonished at the decision to remain with the Affiliated Planets.
_	He built a studio space in the house, which he renamed Le Pig, after the word that was scrawled on the front door in Sharon Tate's blood by her murderers.
_	Blanco to pass on the word that he is incommunicado, but Blanco fails to grasp this concept.
_	This man spread the word that the youth wanted to reclaim his father's throne.
_	On March 27, 1970, he participated to "La Nuit de la poésie", the greatest festival of the word that has ever taken place in Quebec.
_	In a March 1967 interview with Brian Matthew, McCartney said that Lennon came up with the word that would replace "scrambled eggs": Yesterday.
_	By feeding the windsprites a potion that will mute them, they will no longer be able to pass along the word that turns mortal babies into witches.
_	This is because Mahpach is a conjunctive, showing a connection with the word that follows.
_	These organizations all helped to spread the word that African Americans should be treated as equal human beings in Maryland.
_	Later on in the novel, a reversal from the state of Imbunche begins, with the recuperation of one’s own name – the word that represents the concept of an individual.
_	He was stabbed by another inmate and has asserted that officials spread the word that he was a "snitch", which they deny.
_	So invincible did she seem that the superstitious spread the word that she was a witch who could destroy her enemies just by throwing her cloak towards them.
_	The 18 MP Brigade won the coin toss, and we at the 14th MP Brigade got the word that in the fall of 1994 we would be deactivated.
_	I am not a liberal who is so afraid of the word that I had to change my name to 'progressive.'
_	Krusty forgets the word that was supposed to make Stampy submit and lie down.
_	"Vehicle" is often used as a preferred translation as the word that provides the least in the way of presuppositions about the mode of travel.
_	Nevertheless, the word that goes to the King by his own court members is that Vatel killed himself because the roast was not sufficient to feed several unexpected guests, the clouds dulled the fireworks display and he lacked confidence that there would be enough fish for the morning meal.
_	Additional research has found that focussing one's attention to the word that will be changed during the initial reading of the original sentence can improve detection.
_	This was shown using italicized text to focus attention, whereby the word that will be changing is italicized in the original sentence (Sanford, Sanford, Molle, & Emmott, 2006), as well as using clefting constructions such as ""It was the" tree that needed water."
_	The publisher made at least one correction based on Moi's review; the book now ends in the word that Beauvoir chose: "brotherhood" ().
_	The points of Interest are of the neighbourhood are the "Zona 51" that there are important bars of the city such as "Guadalupe Club", "MALABAR", "Soko Bar", "Babylon House", "Congo" among others, where the people of the city came to that point for dance and have a good time, you can find Tourist around the word that came to the city for looking that.
_	The Spanish captured large amounts of gold from the Muisca, which led them to spread the word that El Dorado was near.
_	Moreover, Roosevelt authorized Jackson to put out the word that Roosevelt would support Dobie for an upcoming vacancy on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
_	The Hebrew word "alma" actually translates as a young woman of childbearing age who had not yet given birth and who might or might not be a virgin, whereas the Hebrew "betulah", used elsewhere in Isaiah, is the word that means "virgin."
_	It adds information about the phonology of the word that is not visible on the lips.
_	Pope Zachary had only recently (751), at Pepin's accession to the Merovingian throne, spoken the word that removed all doubts in favour of the Carolingian mayor of the palace.
_	Deeper planners in the crowd spread the word that the king needed to dismiss his royal bodyguards entirely and replace them all with patriotic National Guardsmen, a line of argument that had a compelling resonance among Lafayette's soldiers.
_	When Shaon's friend Parijat Mukherjee becomes pregnant by her boyfriend Matthew and wants to abort the baby, Shaon convinces her to go ahead with the pregnancy and gives her the word that she will adopt the baby and provide it a fine upbringing.
_	The relativizers are bound, with many exception, but they are generally prefixed to the word that contains the verb of the relative clause.
_	"Sisu" has been described by "The New York Times" as "the word that explains Finland", and the Finns' "favorite word"—"the most wonderful of all their words."
_	In an evidently ironic commentary on the word that the poem takes as its title, Lister has the philosopher summarize his thoughts with:
_	A puzzle map gives the player an overhead view of the area and provides the word that the player must spell for that particular round as well as a mnemonic at the bottom of the screen to help remember how to spell the word.
_	The Luxembourgish Resistance learned of the plan and spread the word that the Luxembourgers should answer "dräimol Lëtzebuergesch" ("three times Luxembourgish").
_	Stringer receives a new package of narcotics, and instructs one of his few remaining lieutenants on how to prepare the drugs and spread the word that their business is again open.
_	One of the main points of the committee was to spread the word that the college was to be built in the legacy of her father, John C. Calhoun, who did much for the state of South Carolina.
_	Uthred becomes Alfred's bodyguard and for a few months they hide in the swamp, spreading the word that the King is still alive, hoping that enough men will find their way to join Alfred's army.
_	On 5 January 2009, Hessel criticized the Israeli military attacks in the Gaza strip, saying "In fact, the word that applies—that should be applied—is 'war crime' and even 'crime against humanity'.
_	Michael also spreads the word that he is throwing a party in his hotel room that night.
_	The name of the town derived from the word that came from local Serbian dialect, which in modern standard Serbian would be written as "beli otac" or in English as "white father" (the full meaning of the name is "the place that belong to white father").
