_	It was just the worry that Amy and her mother had discussed that night fourteen years ago.
_	On September 10, 2007, Clive Stafford said that Al Hajj was focussed on the worry that he would be the next captive to die and losing his ability to speak English.
_	Therefore, the worry that noocratic bodies that are demographically more skewed towards the advantaged group make decisions in favor of the advantaged one fails.
_	This means that both the worry that the theory generated about aging populations and the complacency it bred regarding the future environmental impact of population growth could need reevaluation.
_	This was out of the worry that overdevelopment near Bull Run and the Occoquan River would be environmentally damaging to the Occoquan Reservoir.
_	One of the concerns at this time was the worry that using high pressures of oxygen could be damaging to newborn lungs.
_	Felicia was constantly worried about the danger that her husband faced and no longer able to take the worry that was eating away at her, Felicia left Frisco.
_	In a sense, the problem amounts to the worry that a future theory of fundamental particles, in which the Higgs boson mass will be calculable, should not have excessive fine-tunings.
_	“The freedom to have a private conversation – free from the worry that a hostile government, a rogue government agent or a competitor or a criminal are listening – is central to a free society”.
_	While engaged in matters of concern to the British Raj like the revenue system, the canal system, and roads, the worry that was always with him was the future of the orphans of British soldiers.
_	Even without such errors, there is the worry that positions we think are hedged (effectively 'insured' against adverse market movements) might lose that protection when the counterparty who sold us those derivatives goes broke.
_	Crosetti and Felton reveal that while the afterlife may physically resemble Earth, it lacks the worry that comes with living.
_	Due to the engines' flangeless centre driving wheels and the worry that the raised check rails on modern pointwork may cause a derailment, the class, alongside other 2-10-0 locomotives, are presently banned from operating on the mainline, including the Esk Valley Line from Battersby to Whitby which is used by the North Yorkshire Moors Railway on their Grosmont to Whitby trains alongside the regular passenger services on the route.
_	While such killings are generally on a small scale, the worry that these pelicans over-exploit the fishing stock persists in many locales.
_	It's a diminution of energy and the worry that there are no new ideas.
_	The stated reason for the retraction was the worry that those who had fled to Belgium would have had to be treated differently than those who stayed.
_	The Air Force in-fighting was eventually ended by the worry that the Navy's VFAX would be forced on them; in May 1968, it was stated that "We finally decided – and I hope there is no one who still disagrees – that this aircraft is going to be an air superiority fighter".
_	Unlike previous waves of automation, many middle-class jobs may be eliminated by artificial intelligence; "The Economist" states that "the worry that AI could do to white-collar jobs what steam power did to blue-collar ones during the Industrial Revolution" is "worth taking seriously".
_	In the 1960s, public schools started to become more secular, so the worry that the same would happen in the Catholic school system was not without precedent.
_	For some residents, uncertainty remained surrounding Titan's removal plan, with the worry that the stern would be unable to withstand the force of the hydraulic pullers and that parts of the ship already buried in the sand would be unmovable.
_	This idea is also cast onto the idea of science as a force to regulate, and critical pedagogy demands a "study of science in cultural and historical contexts, asking questions of the uses to which it has been put and whose interests it serves," because of the worry that dominant points of view can and will be normalized.
_	In the study of physicalism, Wilson first published on the 'proper subset strategy' for avoiding the worry that higher-level and their realizing lower-level properties would causally overdetermine their effects: properties are associated with sets of causal powers, and one property realizes another by the realized property being associated with a set of causal powers that is a proper subset of that associated with the realizing property; Wilson also argues that a nontrivial version of physicalism must be defined to exclude fundamental mental entities.
_	The Society also enjoyed the benefits of ambiguity: it was able to communicate advances in natural philosophy, undertaken largely in its own name, without the worry that it was directly responsible for its content.
_	This was mainly because of the worry that the younger school going viewers would start speaking Singlish more and bring down the standard of spoken English in Singapore.
_	Because femtocells can use the same frequency bands as the conventional cellular network, there has been the worry that rather than improving the situation they could potentially cause problems.
_	Siskel praised Douglas and Bening for their performances; he did, however, disapprove of Janet Hirshenson and Jane Jenkins' decision to cast Douglas and Sheen in the same film and especially in similar roles within that film, expressing the worry that the similarity between the two actors' appearances would lead audiences to confuse their respective characters.
_	Although this conference only consisted of two meetings, it was called due to the worry that the Latin Americans had towards the United States regarding their want of more territory and this time the United States was not invited.
_	The final point raised the worry that indiscriminate searches of information stored on laptops will discourage people from storing sensitive data, thus causing a chilling effect on speech.
_	The Jerusalem Center for Women’s international funding and support drew the ire from some of the other feminst groups in the area, with the worry that the organization might have been too institutionalized.<br>
_	Her husband later quarrelled with his brother Humphrey over their inheritance, and for a long time the couple lived with the worry that Sir Anthony would predecease his father.
_	She expresses her design approach clearly by stating: "My designs are not driven by the worry that the world will end, but by finding ways to make the most with what one has."
_	Of relation to this concern was the worry that the school atmosphere would be negatively affected.
_	Speaking about their decision to release "Misery" again, Gould explained that it was done in order to extend the life of the song and allow the band to continue playing it live, due to the worry that "the EPs will get lost in time".
_	One of the concerns at this time was the worry that using high pressures of oxygen could be damaging to newborn lungs.
_	More broadly, the hierarchy problem amounts to the worry that a future theory of fundamental particles and interactions should not have excessive fine-tunings or unduly delicate cancellations, and should allow masses of particles such as the Higgs boson to be calculable.
_	Dei, the body charged with overseeing the implementation of the motu proprio "Summorum Pontificum", commented on the worry that some have expressed, even after publication of the motu proprio, "that a small minority of believers may impose the mass of Saint Pius V on the parish".
_	They had two of the women hostages hold the live grenades, causing the worry that if they fell asleep the safety levers would detach causing an explosion.
_	This belief, and the worry that his rival Genscher might act first, encouraged Kohl on 28 November to announce a detailed "Ten Point Program for Overcoming the Division of Germany and Europe".
